0 can confirm that the first time moved large amont btc into agora was fucking scared shitless. 
0 while follwing and coins through saw chunk them coming out the other side from wallet different wallet. 
0 that scared the shit out but when nothing came that and large amount coins was safe realized that its how the tumbler works and thats fucking awesome. 
0 had outgoing transaction the blockchain from agora wallet that was getting confirmations and everything. 
0 didnt lose any coin but looked like was getting drained for about hour. 
0 this wasnt the case with coin transfers under. 
1 well far missing bitcoins have been agora for about week but have not made any transactions. 
1 saw the link today about missing bitcoins decided check out for myself. 
1 first deposited very little bitcoin agora wallet and then little more and finally the rest what need make purchase. 
1 all and all everything went bitcoins transfereed over about half hour give take and there not missing there still agora wallet. 
2 you might have better luck looking for the stolen bitcoins candy vending machine. 
3 would safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor. 
4 from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
5 from thekushlife february pmwhat does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum this currently being discussed. 
6 think makes valid point. 
7 btcs through escrow with issues recently showed about hour. 
7 not say that will happen like that ever time would nice thought have legit front market. 
8 from enctype february amwould safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
9 from patrick february amwhat about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
9 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
9 would this some kind safe solution because still needs connect the vpn from your home connection. 
9 the address the vpn hosting the hidden service ever discovered would not hard trace you. 
9 this exact thing happened dpr but did not host from home. 
9 even connected from computer cafe. 
9 they still found him. 
10 from enctype february amquote from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
10 examples please freedom hosting black goblin utopia. 
11 what about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
11 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
11 would this some kind safe solution. 
12 from gumby february pmfh wasnt hosted home. 
12 the server was france. 
12 the hosting provider believed ovh. 
12 none the servers were hosted home either but they were all discovered. 
12 the problem with hosting home that its undeniable you are the owner whereas you rent server anonymously then even your hidden service found they wont necessarily able find you. 
12 the point stupid host from home. 
13 another point should mention not use plastic bags plastic wrap etc stop odor. 
13 that and vac sealing not stop odor for more than few minutes. 
13 even triple sealing does very little and can smelled human let alone dog after hours. 
13 use mylar the minimum aluminum foil bags are even better. 
13 seal them with aluminum tape found home improvement centers world wide. 
13 also suggest using layers gloves. 
13 one cloth then external par nitrile gloves not latexthat will certainly work but need for pair gloves. 
13 one pair cotton will the job prints will get through that. 
13 latex nitrile will get hot hell you wear them for long same with other rubber substitutes. 
14 bandcamp those are good points. 
14 mirage you just repeated what said about plastic mylar foil. 
14 you can find gloves that fit closely there nothing wrong with wearing them just dont see the need. 
14 wearing gloves like having robot fingers that are super clumsy. 
14 nothing they can trace will through cotton glove you are only wearing long enough the packing. 
14 what are other ways stop odor from coming through. 
14 put the goods glass jar. 
14 put them tin some sort and tape carefully. 
14 pack them pvc. 
14 pack them abs other odor proof plastic. 
14 any other tips. 
15 well its not deathowl collecting for charity but modest scam effort none the less. 
16 from pothead february pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt considered scam marketplace they get pass because they help fund this forum didnt realize first you have different market. 
16 wont get pass from the community and are the ones that count. 
16 the problem with making prove scam that these admins hide their activities from impossible for prove anything. 
16 with this requirement proof nothing scam. 
16 imagine market takes all our money and the admin says his dog ate the bitcoin. 
16 that impossible just like theft transacion maleability but still can not prove that scam happened. 
16 can only prove that the bitcoins were not eaten maleable. 
17 title says all. 
17 since know admin fucked whats there theres bug loophole found. 
18 from thekushlife february pmwhat does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum this currently being discussed. 
19 weapon vending market owning very bad combination. 
20 ive been pestering people for week now. 
20 the discussion here empty for drugslist. 
20 wrong for not wanting discuss the other markets here. 
21 from cerver february pmquote from oldisgold february pmwhats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now bitcoinfog would say that bitcoinfog the best. 
21 info privides shared send and believe its also quite good. 
21 youre really paranoid you can chain them like you btc fog you shared send you but its also more expensive. 
21 also think that bitcoinfog requires minimum deposit. 
21 btc which isnt that much youre placing big order but should kept mind nonetheless. 
22 own case ship firearms. 
22 ship pieces and ironically the receiver the only piece thats actually illegal ship. 
22 any handling the gun with pairs gloves. 
22 thoroughly wipe each piece down with gun oil then lint free cloth before putting bubble mailer possible trace prints. 
22 use different types labels different fonts with business label shipping templates. 
22 yeah kind anal about. 
22 the more professional you make your packages look the less likely they are arouse suspicion. 
22 live larger metropolitan city what have list all the apartment complexes mile radius. 
22 keep track how often use each one. 
22 use fake name and simply dont put apartment number the return address. 
22 take each package different post office each time. 
22 keeping track which ones. 
22 before walking into the post office wipe the mailer down then bring holding between index and thumb. 
22 swing back and forth people don wonder why carrying like that. 
22 handing the clerk slide fingers opposite each hard which gets rid any print that might have been there. 
22 yeah again anal. 
22 lol with the receiver wrap sticky lead tape make look like anything except receiver gun case gets rayed. 
22 normally throw other stuff the packages too that are made metal. 
22 never had one not make. 
23 well far missing bitcoins have been agora for about week but have not made any transactions. 
23 saw the link today about missing bitcoins decided check out for myself. 
23 first deposited very little bitcoin agora wallet and then little more and finally the rest what need make purchase. 
23 all and all everything went bitcoins transfereed over about half hour give take and there not missing there still agora wallet. 
24 can confirm that the first time moved large amont btc into agora was fucking scared shitless. 
24 while follwing and coins through saw chunk them coming out the other side from wallet different wallet. 
24 that scared the shit out but when nothing came that and large amount coins was safe realized that its how the tumbler works and thats fucking awesome. 
24 had outgoing transaction the blockchain from agora wallet that was getting confirmations and everything. 
24 didnt lose any coin but looked like was getting drained for about hour. 
24 this wasnt the case with coin transfers under. 
25 btcs through escrow with issues recently showed about hour. 
25 not say that will happen like that ever time would nice thought have legit front market. 
26 would safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor. 
27 from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
28 title says all. 
28 since know admin fucked whats there theres bug loophole found. 
29 trying wrap head around this whole multisig thing and think got down mostly but not sure about parts hopefully someone here can help out. 
29 the main concern have mostly about the security because for what know relies party create multisig address right now what guarantee have that this party uses the public key provided. 
29 and what guarantee have that this address indeed multisig and not something else there any way verifying this and how. 
30 alright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time. 
31 well its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses. 
32 thx that explains lot. 
33 ive been pestering people for week now. 
33 the discussion here empty for drugslist. 
33 wrong for not wanting discuss the other markets here. 
34 black mailed allow scamno matter how much improves cant trusted. 
35 from floydy february pmquote from evilgrin february pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
35 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
35 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
35 quite frankly dont know why bothered. 
35 two days ago posted this response your questionsquote from floydy february pmkeep eye. 
35 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
35 did you skip what wrote did you actually read when you were fucked drugs cant remember thanks for your contribution the community. 
35 guess missed that. 
35 sorry dude must have been reading fast. 
35 legit didnt see please feel free neg karma. 
36 tonight gox owner resigned from his position the bitcoin foundations board directors. 
36 whale put bitcoins bitstamp mil usd worth about btc and like them got bought then the price fell some. 
36 theory gox insiders who are able withdraw coins from gox are buying gox and then selling other exchanges and depressing the prices. 
36 not new theory course. 
36 since btc has rules not even sure illegal. 
36 true hope gox profiteering rebuild its funds gox can reopen solvent. 
36 hope not just going rogue and ripping everyone off and hurting coin values well. 
36 wonder the whale bitstamp tonight gox insiders buying coins from themselves move the coins new wallets and break the evidence trail where the coins came from not sure that would work really but. 
37 ask the next man provide the other public keys then generate the address will begin with and see matches the payment address gave you. 
37 doesnt trying scam you. 
37 make sure tells you what order passed the addresses try all permutations yourself. 
37 you can generate the addresses electrum bitcoind. 
38 darknet nation never will ever have plans being marketplace. 
38 are bigger than marketplace. 
38 onion site reddit page. 
38 about the leak. 
38 have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak. 
38 use pidgin with otr google. 
38 onion reddit thehub and many other technologies disseminate information. 
38 btw amazon does accept vanilla visa and felt the perfect platform beta test our site before moving permanently. 
38 course will experience hiccups and roadblocks. 
38 this very ambitious project and were the very early stages development. 
38 the hidden onion has been addressed but will also hosting clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having suffer the lag the tor network. 
38 rome was not built day for those that can help feel free visit the site and start nation ueoc. 
39 weapon vending market owning very bad combination. 
40 thank you calcium. 
41 from flaxceed february amfortunately now can just use agora pandora and forget about the nightmare that was. 
41 yes there werent other options available guess guess would undertand the wrenching hair and dressing whole cloth wailing away the loss their market place but there are vendors the other markets and running and doing fines. 
41 ive been using agora for the past month and problems yet. 
41 ever becomes problem off use pandora any other ones around. 
41 when gets its shit together then folks want they can back the. 
41 until that happens for the most part will continue check and see movement being made fix things then will decide bring business back. 
41 doesnt have like. 
41 high school girls getting the vapors over the whole damn thing. 
41 move another market for now. 
41 have placed few orders agora and everything seems work just fine. 
41 problems have been seeing havent had effect. 
41 right now this marketplace. 
42 yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
42 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
42 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
43 from fromage february pmalright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time yes technically you could. 
43 but really would not make much sense. 
43 using the old system escrow you are putting trust that the server going pay out the money the seller refund you there dispute. 
43 this case you are just placing trust that the server creating multisignature address that releasable either you the seller. 
43 you intend paying for your item then what concerns you have requesting the public keys the seller and server seems pointless since the seller who would end getting the funds. 
43 and this why you choose trustworthy markets and vendors. 
44 from fromage february pmwell its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses yes stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs unlocked separately with unique keys. 
44 suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. 
44 this bad idea for the server this. 
44 let just say that there more risk doing multisig than regular escrow and fact less risk because party hacker cannot steal everyones money. 
44 trusting the market choice you need make your own and you want deal directly with the vendor then outside the market. 
44 the market going give its customers the ability close deals while cutting out their market fees would not worth for the market. 
45 from thekushlife february pmwhat does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum this currently being discussed. 
46 before deeper would like everybody really read the following clearnet article regarding javascript and tor. 
46 com software tor project stop using windows disable javascript the vulnerability was patched mozilla later versions firefox but some people may still using the older versions the tor browser bundle. 
46 the bundles browser based firefox specially configured visit tor sites which have urls that look like. 
46 several tor browser bundle versions were fixed over four day period starting june. 
46 although the browser bundle will automatically check for new version possible that some users didnt upgrade which could have put them risk. 
46 although unconfirmed computer security experts have theorized the malware may have been used law enforcement collect information people who browsed certain tor websites supported company called freedom hosting. 
46 that hosting company believed connected year old man eric eoin marques. 
46 being held irish authorities pending extradition request from the. 
46 charges distributing and promoting child pornography according the irish publication the independent. 
46 really switching away from windows probably good security move for many reasons according security advisory posted monday the tor project. 
46 people using linux and were not affected but that doesnt mean they couldnt targeted the future. 
46 this wasnt the first firefox vulnerability nor will the last the tor project warned. 
46 know that windows isnt safe. 
46 and anyone using older version the tor browser bundle isnt safe. 
46 moral dump windows and upgrade your software javascript not huge chunk security. 
46 the fact that site uses javascript should not absolute non negotiable issue. 
46 the tor network and javascript are just tools along with pgp tails pidgin ssl multi signature transactions crypto currency and many many more that each user has his her disposal stay safewhile its true our. 
46 onion site uses javascript according this article does about the websites currently running. 
46 our site still functional even with javascript disabled. 
46 you will not have access certain areas the site but your experience still should enjoyable. 
46 use javascript for some the following captcha image file uploading free multi signature transaction app posting free classified ads instant messaging etc. 
46 although darknet nation does have and maintain. 
46 onion presence are actively working the clearnet aspect our movement. 
46 youd like help contribute please feel free visit our site and support darknet nation ueoc. 
47 well its not deathowl collecting for charity but modest scam effort none the less. 
48 own case ship firearms. 
48 ship pieces and ironically the receiver the only piece thats actually illegal ship. 
48 any handling the gun with pairs gloves. 
48 thoroughly wipe each piece down with gun oil then lint free cloth before putting bubble mailer possible trace prints. 
48 use different types labels different fonts with business label shipping templates. 
48 yeah kind anal about. 
48 the more professional you make your packages look the less likely they are arouse suspicion. 
48 live larger metropolitan city what have list all the apartment complexes mile radius. 
48 keep track how often use each one. 
48 use fake name and simply dont put apartment number the return address. 
48 take each package different post office each time. 
48 keeping track which ones. 
48 before walking into the post office wipe the mailer down then bring holding between index and thumb. 
48 swing back and forth people don wonder why carrying like that. 
48 handing the clerk slide fingers opposite each hard which gets rid any print that might have been there. 
48 yeah again anal. 
48 lol with the receiver wrap sticky lead tape make look like anything except receiver gun case gets rayed. 
48 normally throw other stuff the packages too that are made metal. 
48 never had one not make. 
49 from pothead february pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt considered scam marketplace they get pass because they help fund this forum didnt realize first you have different market. 
49 wont get pass from the community and are the ones that count. 
49 the problem with making prove scam that these admins hide their activities from impossible for prove anything. 
49 with this requirement proof nothing scam. 
49 imagine market takes all our money and the admin says his dog ate the bitcoin. 
49 that impossible just like theft transacion maleability but still can not prove that scam happened. 
49 can only prove that the bitcoins were not eaten maleable. 
50 think makes valid point. 
51 from delysid february pmim not big fan this new post mostly trend signing messages forums. 
51 removes all plausible deniability regarding was actually you posting. 
51 someone really needs know youre you they could just send you pgp message using the old key better yet double encrypted wrapping one the other. 
52 catharsis that pretty much says all. 
52 agora still number one think. 
52 pandora seems bit too slow. 
53 didnt see douchey but more lesson subtlety. 
54 yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
54 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
54 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
55 ive been pestering people for week now. 
55 the discussion here empty for drugslist. 
55 wrong for not wanting discuss the other markets here. 
56 you might have better luck looking for the stolen bitcoins candy vending machine. 
57 believe shared send option has now been removed from blockchain. 
58 from thekushlife february pmwhat does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum this currently being discussed. 
59 weapon vending market owning very bad combination. 
60 believe shared send option has now been removed from blockchain. 
61 yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
61 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
61 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
62 thank you calcium. 
63 black mailed allow scamno matter how much improves cant trusted. 
64 didnt see douchey but more lesson subtlety. 
65 catharsis that pretty much says all. 
65 agora still number one think. 
65 pandora seems bit too slow. 
66 from cerver february pmquote from oldisgold february pmwhats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now blond wigfog would say that bitcoinfog the best. 
66 info privides shared send and believe its also quite good. 
66 youre really paranoid you can chain them like you btc fog you shared send you but its also more expensive. 
66 also think that bitcoinfog requires minimum deposit. 
66 btc which isnt that much youre placing big order but should kept mind nonetheless. 
67 from enctype february amquote from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
67 examples please utopia. 
68 was ovh france. 
68 and based opdarknet logs and their owners posts clearnet forums fairly confident they were using virtual isolation. 
68 and however they got caught fairly sure wasnt because they incorrectly isolated their server instances. 
68 with almost any security decision its balancing risks and rewards. 
68 vps based hosting gives you the risk being discovered the vps provider assuming youre doing something the provider cares about and the box gets hacked itll get deanonymized. 
68 you balance that with the awareness that vps environment should disposable with nothing tie its owner. 
68 course you cant ensure the integrity any your data onion key that environment plan accordingly. 
68 hosting home seems stupid once youre deanonymized. 
68 but you can effectively use physical isolation and right you are probably much more resistant being deanonymized the first place. 
68 dont think thats crazy idea people think but you better damned sure youre doing right you that route. 
68 theres not perfect solution. 
68 anonymously renting dedicated server and using hypervisor provide isolation probably the best balance. 
69 alright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time. 
70 from floydy february pmquote from evilgrin february pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
70 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
70 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
70 quite frankly dont know why bothered. 
70 two days ago posted this response your questionsquote from floydy february pmkeep eye. 
70 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
70 did you skip what wrote did you actually read when you were fucked drugs cant remember thanks for your contribution the community. 
70 guess missed that. 
70 sorry dude must have been reading fast. 
70 legit didnt see please feel free neg karma. 
71 tonight gox owner resigned from his position the bitcoin foundations board directors. 
71 whale put bitcoins bitstamp mil usd worth about btc and like them got bought then the price fell some. 
71 theory gox insiders who are able withdraw coins from gox are buying gox and then selling other exchanges and depressing the prices. 
71 not new theory course. 
71 since btc has rules not even sure illegal. 
71 true hope gox profiteering rebuild its funds gox can reopen solvent. 
71 hope not just going rogue and ripping everyone off and hurting coin values well. 
71 wonder the whale bitstamp tonight gox insiders buying coins from themselves move the coins new wallets and break the evidence trail where the coins came from not sure that would work really but. 
72 trying wrap head around this whole multisig thing and think got down mostly but not sure about parts hopefully someone here can help out. 
72 the main concern have mostly about the security because for what know relies party create multisig address right now what guarantee have that this party uses the public key provided. 
72 and what guarantee have that this address indeed multisig and not something else there any way verifying this and how. 
73 well its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses. 
74 thx that explains lot. 
75 ive been pestering people for week now. 
75 the discussion here empty for drugslist. 
75 wrong for not wanting discuss the other markets here. 
76 hard take someone nice person for you presume its about pming was because hell yeah who doesnt like free btcs but the bigger point was people should make sure commissions their vendors sign respect summit. 
76 dont know what mean but wasnt scamming. 
77 from sorrymario february amwell its not deathowl collecting for charity but modest scam effort none the less. 
77 snap you beat too. 
78 think there referral commission place should not fill the pockets other markets. 
78 should all join under referral link from our favorite vendor that agora and silkroad those who are helping this community who has suffered the most from the theft. 
78 why not use this disaster small positive try fix our marketplace rather than line the pockets people who will use our paranoid natures darknet dwellers way profit our misfortune. 
78 everyone has probably got account already but not for referral but would much rather people change accounts account that gives commission the good members the darkweb community. 
79 from gumby february pmfh wasnt hosted home. 
79 the server was france. 
79 the hosting provider believed ovh. 
79 none the servers were hosted home either but they were all discovered. 
79 the problem with hosting home that its undeniable you are the owner whereas you rent server anonymously then even your hidden service found they wont necessarily able find you. 
79 the point stupid host from home. 
80 from enctype february amquote from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
80 examples please freedom hosting black goblin utopia. 
81 from patrick february amwhat about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
81 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
81 would this some kind safe solution because still needs connect the vpn from your home connection. 
81 the address the vpn hosting the hidden service ever discovered would not hard trace you. 
81 this exact thing happened dpr but did not host from home. 
81 even connected from computer cafe. 
81 they still found him. 
82 what about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
82 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
82 would this some kind safe solution. 
83 from enctype february amwould safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
84 from enctype february amquote from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
84 examples please utopia. 
85 was ovh france. 
85 and based opdarknet logs and their owners posts clearnet forums fairly confident they were using virtual isolation. 
85 and however they got caught fairly sure wasnt because they incorrectly isolated their server instances. 
85 with almost any security decision its balancing risks and rewards. 
85 vps based hosting gives you the risk being discovered the vps provider assuming youre doing something the provider cares about and the box gets hacked itll get deanonymized. 
85 you balance that with the awareness that vps environment should disposable with nothing tie its owner. 
85 course you cant ensure the integrity any your data onion key that environment plan accordingly. 
85 hosting home seems stupid once youre deanonymized. 
85 but you can effectively use physical isolation and right you are probably much more resistant being deanonymized the first place. 
85 dont think thats crazy idea people think but you better damned sure youre doing right you that route. 
85 theres not perfect solution. 
85 anonymously renting dedicated server and using hypervisor provide isolation probably the best balance. 
86 from delysid february pmi'm not big fan this new post mostly trend signing messages forums. 
86 removes all plausible deniability regarding was actually you posting. 
86 someone really needs know you're you they could just send you pgp message using the old key better yet double encrypted wrapping one the other. 
87 thats the spirit. 
88 think makes valid point. 
89 would safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor. 
90 from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
91 trying wrap head around this whole multisig thing and think got down mostly but not sure about parts hopefully someone here can help out. 
91 the main concern have mostly about the security because for what know relies party create multisig address right now what guarantee have that this party uses the public key provided. 
91 and what guarantee have that this address indeed multisig and not something else there any way verifying this and how. 
92 alright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time. 
93 thx that explains lot. 
94 black mailed allow scamno matter how much improves cant trusted. 
95 you want try out the torescrow dont want run the risk loosing your coin check out team fbg has few products offer the moment mainly xanax and nbomes. 
95 will also have our listings for domestic mdma focus smaller user amount using full escrow dont dont require minimum purchase you want spend and try out torescrow check out thanks. 
96 darknet nation never will ever have plans being marketplace. 
96 are bigger than marketplace. 
96 onion site reddit page. 
96 about the leak. 
96 have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak. 
96 use pidgin with otr google. 
96 onion reddit thehub and many other technologies disseminate information. 
96 btw amazon does accept vanilla visa and felt the perfect platform beta test our site before moving permanently. 
96 course will experience hiccups and roadblocks. 
96 this very ambitious project and were the very early stages development. 
96 the hidden onion has been addressed but will also hosting clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having suffer the lag the tor network. 
96 rome was not built day for those that can help feel free visit the site and start nation ueoc. 
97 before deeper would like everybody really read the following clearnet article regarding javascript and tor. 
97 com software tor project stop using windows disable javascript the vulnerability was patched mozilla later versions firefox but some people may still using the older versions the tor browser bundle. 
97 the bundles browser based firefox specially configured visit tor sites which have urls that look like. 
97 several tor browser bundle versions were fixed over four day period starting june. 
97 although the browser bundle will automatically check for new version possible that some users didnt upgrade which could have put them risk. 
97 although unconfirmed computer security experts have theorized the malware may have been used law enforcement collect information people who browsed certain tor websites supported company called freedom hosting. 
97 that hosting company believed connected year old man eric eoin marques. 
97 being held irish authorities pending extradition request from the. 
97 charges distributing and promoting child pornography according the irish publication the independent. 
97 really switching away from windows probably good security move for many reasons according security advisory posted monday the tor project. 
97 people using linux and were not affected but that doesnt mean they couldnt targeted the future. 
97 this wasnt the first firefox vulnerability nor will the last the tor project warned. 
97 know that windows isnt safe. 
97 and anyone using older version the tor browser bundle isnt safe. 
97 moral dump windows and upgrade your software javascript not huge chunk security. 
97 the fact that site uses javascript should not absolute non negotiable issue. 
97 the tor network and javascript are just tools along with pgp tails pidgin ssl multi signature transactions crypto currency and many many more that each user has his her disposal stay safewhile its true our. 
97 onion site uses javascript according this article does about the websites currently running. 
97 our site still functional even with javascript disabled. 
97 you will not have access certain areas the site but your experience still should enjoyable. 
97 use javascript for some the following captcha image file uploading free multi signature transaction app posting free classified ads instant messaging etc. 
97 although darknet nation does have and maintain. 
97 onion presence are actively working the clearnet aspect our movement. 
97 youd like help contribute please feel free visit our site and support darknet nation ueoc. 
98 can confirm that the first time moved large amont btc into agora was fucking scared shitless. 
98 while follwing and coins through saw chunk them coming out the other side from wallet different wallet. 
98 that scared the shit out but when nothing came that and large amount coins was safe realized that its how the tumbler works and thats fucking awesome. 
98 had outgoing transaction the blockchain from agora wallet that was getting confirmations and everything. 
98 didnt lose any coin but looked like was getting drained for about hour. 
98 this wasnt the case with coin transfers under. 
99 well far missing bitcoins have been agora for about week but have not made any transactions. 
99 saw the link today about missing bitcoins decided check out for myself. 
99 first deposited very little bitcoin agora wallet and then little more and finally the rest what need make purchase. 
99 all and all everything went bitcoins transfereed over about half hour give take and there not missing there still agora wallet. 
100 ask the next man provide the other public keys then generate the address will begin with and see matches the payment address gave you. 
100 doesnt trying scam you. 
100 make sure tells you what order passed the addresses try all permutations yourself. 
100 you can generate the addresses electrum bitcoind. 
101 btcs through escrow with issues recently showed about hour. 
101 not say that will happen like that ever time would nice thought have legit front market. 
102 would safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor. 
103 from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
104 title says all. 
104 since know admin fucked whats there theres bug loophole found. 
105 trying wrap head around this whole multisig thing and think got down mostly but not sure about parts hopefully someone here can help out. 
105 the main concern have mostly about the security because for what know relies party create multisig address right now what guarantee have that this party uses the public key provided. 
105 and what guarantee have that this address indeed multisig and not something else there any way verifying this and how. 
106 alright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time. 
107 well its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses. 
108 thx that explains lot. 
109 ive been pestering people for week now. 
109 the discussion here empty for drugslist. 
109 wrong for not wanting discuss the other markets here. 
110 black mailed allow scamno matter how much improves cant trusted. 
111 from floydy february pmquote from evilgrin february pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
111 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
111 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
111 quite frankly dont know why bothered. 
111 two days ago posted this response your questionsquote from floydy february pmkeep eye. 
111 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
111 did you skip what wrote did you actually read when you were fucked drugs cant remember thanks for your contribution the community. 
111 guess missed that. 
111 sorry dude must have been reading fast. 
111 legit didnt see please feel free neg karma. 
112 tonight gox owner resigned from his position the bitcoin foundations board directors. 
112 whale put bitcoins bitstamp mil usd worth about btc and like them got bought then the price fell some. 
112 theory gox insiders who are able withdraw coins from gox are buying gox and then selling other exchanges and depressing the prices. 
112 not new theory course. 
112 since btc has rules not even sure illegal. 
112 true hope gox profiteering rebuild its funds gox can reopen solvent. 
112 hope not just going rogue and ripping everyone off and hurting coin values well. 
112 wonder the whale bitstamp tonight gox insiders buying coins from themselves move the coins new wallets and break the evidence trail where the coins came from not sure that would work really but. 
113 ask the next man provide the other public keys then generate the address will begin with and see matches the payment address gave you. 
113 doesnt trying scam you. 
113 make sure tells you what order passed the addresses try all permutations yourself. 
113 you can generate the addresses electrum bitcoind. 
114 darknet nation never will ever have plans being marketplace. 
114 are bigger than marketplace. 
114 onion site reddit page. 
114 about the leak. 
114 have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak. 
114 use pidgin with otr google. 
114 onion reddit thehub and many other technologies disseminate information. 
114 btw amazon does accept vanilla visa and felt the perfect platform beta test our site before moving permanently. 
114 course will experience hiccups and roadblocks. 
114 this very ambitious project and were the very early stages development. 
114 the hidden onion has been addressed but will also hosting clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having suffer the lag the tor network. 
114 rome was not built day for those that can help feel free visit the site and start nation ueoc. 
115 weapon vending market owning very bad combination. 
116 thank you calcium. 
117 from flaxceed february amfortunately now can just use agora pandora and forget about the nightmare that was. 
117 yes there werent other options available guess guess would undertand the wrenching hair and dressing whole cloth wailing away the loss their market place but there are vendors the other markets and running and doing fines. 
117 ive been using agora for the past month and problems yet. 
117 ever becomes problem off use pandora any other ones around. 
117 when gets its shit together then folks want they can back the. 
117 until that happens for the most part will continue check and see movement being made fix things then will decide bring business back. 
117 doesnt have like. 
117 high school girls getting the vapors over the whole damn thing. 
117 move another market for now. 
117 have placed few orders agora and everything seems work just fine. 
117 problems have been seeing havent had effect. 
117 right now this marketplace. 
118 yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
118 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
118 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
119 from fromage february pmalright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time yes technically you could. 
119 but really would not make much sense. 
119 using the old system escrow you are putting trust that the server going pay out the money the seller refund you there dispute. 
119 this case you are just placing trust that the server creating multisignature address that releasable either you the seller. 
119 you intend paying for your item then what concerns you have requesting the public keys the seller and server seems pointless since the seller who would end getting the funds. 
119 and this why you choose trustworthy markets and vendors. 
120 from fromage february pmwell its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses yes stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs unlocked separately with unique keys. 
120 suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. 
120 this bad idea for the server this. 
120 let just say that there more risk doing multisig than regular escrow and fact less risk because party hacker cannot steal everyones money. 
120 trusting the market choice you need make your own and you want deal directly with the vendor then outside the market. 
120 the market going give its customers the ability close deals while cutting out their market fees would not worth for the market. 
121 from thekushlife february pmwhat does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum this currently being discussed. 
122 before deeper would like everybody really read the following clearnet article regarding javascript and tor. 
122 com software tor project stop using windows disable javascript the vulnerability was patched mozilla later versions firefox but some people may still using the older versions the tor browser bundle. 
122 the bundles browser based firefox specially configured visit tor sites which have urls that look like. 
122 several tor browser bundle versions were fixed over four day period starting june. 
122 although the browser bundle will automatically check for new version possible that some users didnt upgrade which could have put them risk. 
122 although unconfirmed computer security experts have theorized the malware may have been used law enforcement collect information people who browsed certain tor websites supported company called freedom hosting. 
122 that hosting company believed connected year old man eric eoin marques. 
122 being held irish authorities pending extradition request from the. 
122 charges distributing and promoting child pornography according the irish publication the independent. 
122 really switching away from windows probably good security move for many reasons according security advisory posted monday the tor project. 
122 people using linux and were not affected but that doesnt mean they couldnt targeted the future. 
122 this wasnt the first firefox vulnerability nor will the last the tor project warned. 
122 know that windows isnt safe. 
122 and anyone using older version the tor browser bundle isnt safe. 
122 moral dump windows and upgrade your software javascript not huge chunk security. 
122 the fact that site uses javascript should not absolute non negotiable issue. 
122 the tor network and javascript are just tools along with pgp tails pidgin ssl multi signature transactions crypto currency and many many more that each user has his her disposal stay safewhile its true our. 
122 onion site uses javascript according this article does about the websites currently running. 
122 our site still functional even with javascript disabled. 
122 you will not have access certain areas the site but your experience still should enjoyable. 
122 use javascript for some the following captcha image file uploading free multi signature transaction app posting free classified ads instant messaging etc. 
122 although darknet nation does have and maintain. 
122 onion presence are actively working the clearnet aspect our movement. 
122 youd like help contribute please feel free visit our site and support darknet nation ueoc. 
123 well its not deathowl collecting for charity but modest scam effort none the less. 
124 own case ship firearms. 
124 ship pieces and ironically the receiver the only piece thats actually illegal ship. 
124 any handling the gun with pairs gloves. 
124 thoroughly wipe each piece down with gun oil then lint free cloth before putting bubble mailer possible trace prints. 
124 use different types labels different fonts with business label shipping templates. 
124 yeah kind anal about. 
124 the more professional you make your packages look the less likely they are arouse suspicion. 
124 live larger metropolitan city what have list all the apartment complexes mile radius. 
124 keep track how often use each one. 
124 use fake name and simply dont put apartment number the return address. 
124 take each package different post office each time. 
124 keeping track which ones. 
124 before walking into the post office wipe the mailer down then bring holding between index and thumb. 
124 swing back and forth people don wonder why carrying like that. 
124 handing the clerk slide fingers opposite each hard which gets rid any print that might have been there. 
124 yeah again anal. 
124 lol with the receiver wrap sticky lead tape make look like anything except receiver gun case gets rayed. 
124 normally throw other stuff the packages too that are made metal. 
124 never had one not make. 
125 from pothead february pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt considered scam marketplace they get pass because they help fund this forum didnt realize first you have different market. 
125 wont get pass from the community and are the ones that count. 
125 the problem with making prove scam that these admins hide their activities from impossible for prove anything. 
125 with this requirement proof nothing scam. 
125 imagine market takes all our money and the admin says his dog ate the bitcoin. 
125 that impossible just like theft transacion maleability but still can not prove that scam happened. 
125 can only prove that the bitcoins were not eaten maleable. 
126 think makes valid point. 
127 have unique problem someone stole password and tried pass themselves off and have had help resolving this issue created both pdxblack accounts the same time and worked very hard build name that solid agora with almost sales first month. 
127 the accounts had different keys but they are both mine. 
127 just dont want any the shit this guy pulled affect name also have tha name couple other markets. 
128 bandcamp those are good points. 
128 mirage you just repeated what said about plastic mylar foil. 
128 you can find gloves that fit closely there nothing wrong with wearing them just dont see the need. 
128 wearing gloves like having robot fingers that are super clumsy. 
128 nothing they can trace will through cotton glove you are only wearing long enough the packing. 
128 what are other ways stop odor from coming through. 
128 put the goods glass jar. 
128 put them tin some sort and tape carefully. 
128 pack them pvc. 
128 pack them abs other odor proof plastic. 
128 any other tips. 
129 another point should mention not use plastic bags plastic wrap etc stop odor. 
129 that and vac sealing not stop odor for more than few minutes. 
129 even triple sealing does very little and can smelled human let alone dog after hours. 
129 use mylar the minimum aluminum foil bags are even better. 
129 seal them with aluminum tape found home improvement centers world wide. 
129 also suggest using layers gloves. 
129 one cloth then external par nitrile gloves not latexthat will certainly work but need for pair gloves. 
129 one pair cotton will the job prints will get through that. 
129 latex nitrile will get hot hell you wear them for long same with other rubber substitutes. 
130 from ueoc february amwe darknet nation never will ever have plans being marketplace. 
130 are bigger than marketplace. 
130 onion site reddit page. 
130 about the leak. 
130 have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak. 
130 use pidgin with otr google. 
130 onion reddit thehub and many other technologies disseminate information. 
130 btw amazon does accept vanilla visa and felt the perfect platform beta test our site before moving permanently. 
130 course will experience hiccups and roadblocks. 
130 this very ambitious project and were the very early stages development. 
130 the hidden onion has been addressed but will also hosting clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having suffer the lag the tor network. 
130 rome was not built day for those that can help feel free visit the site and start nation ueoc. 
130 onionno mention javascript there. 
130 for most people operating the tor browser the lack absolute non negotiable prerequisite taking onion site seriously. 
130 can you explain why people should sacrifice such huge chunk security for whatever bells whistles your site require please please dont get wrong here your intentions are honorable then wish you every success possible its just that its anathema tor users enable think some kind transparency required regarding the function your site. 
131 howdy took look their site and some info they posted before. 
131 believe they are using client side javascript library that produces bitcoin private public keys. 
131 com darknet nation darknetmarket social network cheers. 
132 didnt see douchey but more lesson subtlety. 
133 you might have better luck looking for the stolen bitcoins candy vending machine. 
134 you want try out the torescrow dont want run the risk loosing your coin check out team fbg has few products offer the moment mainly xanax and nbomes. 
134 will also have our listings for domestic mdma focus smaller user amount using full escrow dont dont require minimum purchase you want spend and try out torescrow check out thanks. 
135 catharsis that pretty much says all. 
135 agora still number one think. 
135 pandora seems bit too slow. 
136 hard take someone nice person for you presume its about pming was because hell yeah who doesnt like free btcs but the bigger point was people should make sure commissions their vendors sign respect summit. 
136 dont know what mean but wasnt scamming. 
137 from sorrymario february amwell its not deathowl collecting for charity but modest scam effort none the less. 
137 snap you beat too. 
138 think there referral commission place should not fill the pockets other markets. 
138 should all join under referral link from our favorite vendor that agora and silkroad those who are helping this community who has suffered the most from the theft. 
138 why not use this disaster small positive try fix our marketplace rather than line the pockets people who will use our paranoid natures darknet dwellers way profit our misfortune. 
138 everyone has probably got account already but not for referral but would much rather people change accounts account that gives commission the good members the darkweb community. 
139 from gumby february pmfh wasnt hosted home. 
139 the server was france. 
139 the hosting provider believed ovh. 
139 none the servers were hosted home either but they were all discovered. 
139 the problem with hosting home that its undeniable you are the owner whereas you rent server anonymously then even your hidden service found they wont necessarily able find you. 
139 the point stupid host from home. 
140 from enctype february amquote from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
140 examples please freedom hosting black goblin utopia. 
141 from patrick february amwhat about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
141 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
141 would this some kind safe solution because still needs connect the vpn from your home connection. 
141 the address the vpn hosting the hidden service ever discovered would not hard trace you. 
141 this exact thing happened dpr but did not host from home. 
141 even connected from computer cafe. 
141 they still found him. 
142 what about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
142 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
142 would this some kind safe solution. 
143 from enctype february amwould safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
144 from enctype february amquote from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
144 examples please utopia. 
145 was ovh france. 
145 and based opdarknet logs and their owners posts clearnet forums fairly confident they were using virtual isolation. 
145 and however they got caught fairly sure wasnt because they incorrectly isolated their server instances. 
145 with almost any security decision its balancing risks and rewards. 
145 vps based hosting gives you the risk being discovered the vps provider assuming youre doing something the provider cares about and the box gets hacked itll get deanonymized. 
145 you balance that with the awareness that vps environment should disposable with nothing tie its owner. 
145 course you cant ensure the integrity any your data onion key that environment plan accordingly. 
145 hosting home seems stupid once youre deanonymized. 
145 but you can effectively use physical isolation and right you are probably much more resistant being deanonymized the first place. 
145 dont think thats crazy idea people think but you better damned sure youre doing right you that route. 
145 theres not perfect solution. 
145 anonymously renting dedicated server and using hypervisor provide isolation probably the best balance. 
146 ask the next man provide the other public keys then generate the address will begin with and see matches the payment address gave you. 
146 doesnt trying scam you. 
146 make sure tells you what order passed the addresses try all permutations yourself. 
146 you can generate the addresses electrum bitcoind. 
147 darknet nation never will ever have plans being marketplace. 
147 are bigger than marketplace. 
147 onion site reddit page. 
147 about the leak. 
147 have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak. 
147 use pidgin with otr google. 
147 onion reddit thehub and many other technologies disseminate information. 
147 btw amazon does accept vanilla visa and felt the perfect platform beta test our site before moving permanently. 
147 course will experience hiccups and roadblocks. 
147 this very ambitious project and were the very early stages development. 
147 the hidden onion has been addressed but will also hosting clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having suffer the lag the tor network. 
147 rome was not built day for those that can help feel free visit the site and start nation ueoc. 
148 weapon vending market owning very bad combination. 
149 thank you calcium. 
150 from flaxceed february amfortunately now can just use agora pandora and forget about the nightmare that was. 
150 yes there werent other options available guess guess would undertand the wrenching hair and dressing whole cloth wailing away the loss their market place but there are vendors the other markets and running and doing fines. 
150 ive been using agora for the past month and problems yet. 
150 ever becomes problem off use pandora any other ones around. 
150 when gets its shit together then folks want they can back the. 
150 until that happens for the most part will continue check and see movement being made fix things then will decide bring business back. 
150 doesnt have like. 
150 high school girls getting the vapors over the whole damn thing. 
150 move another market for now. 
150 have placed few orders agora and everything seems work just fine. 
150 problems have been seeing havent had effect. 
150 right now this marketplace. 
151 yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
151 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
151 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
152 from fromage february pmalright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time yes technically you could. 
152 but really would not make much sense. 
152 using the old system escrow you are putting trust that the server going pay out the money the seller refund you there dispute. 
152 this case you are just placing trust that the server creating multisignature address that releasable either you the seller. 
152 you intend paying for your item then what concerns you have requesting the public keys the seller and server seems pointless since the seller who would end getting the funds. 
152 and this why you choose trustworthy markets and vendors. 
153 from fromage february pmwell its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses yes stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs unlocked separately with unique keys. 
153 suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. 
153 this bad idea for the server this. 
153 let just say that there more risk doing multisig than regular escrow and fact less risk because party hacker cannot steal everyones money. 
153 trusting the market choice you need make your own and you want deal directly with the vendor then outside the market. 
153 the market going give its customers the ability close deals while cutting out their market fees would not worth for the market. 
154 from thekushlife february pmwhat does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum this currently being discussed. 
155 before deeper would like everybody really read the following clearnet article regarding javascript and tor. 
155 com software tor project stop using windows disable javascript the vulnerability was patched mozilla later versions firefox but some people may still using the older versions the tor browser bundle. 
155 the bundles browser based firefox specially configured visit tor sites which have urls that look like. 
155 several tor browser bundle versions were fixed over four day period starting june. 
155 although the browser bundle will automatically check for new version possible that some users didnt upgrade which could have put them risk. 
155 although unconfirmed computer security experts have theorized the malware may have been used law enforcement collect information people who browsed certain tor websites supported company called freedom hosting. 
155 that hosting company believed connected year old man eric eoin marques. 
155 being held irish authorities pending extradition request from the. 
155 charges distributing and promoting child pornography according the irish publication the independent. 
155 really switching away from windows probably good security move for many reasons according security advisory posted monday the tor project. 
155 people using linux and were not affected but that doesnt mean they couldnt targeted the future. 
155 this wasnt the first firefox vulnerability nor will the last the tor project warned. 
155 know that windows isnt safe. 
155 and anyone using older version the tor browser bundle isnt safe. 
155 moral dump windows and upgrade your software javascript not huge chunk security. 
155 the fact that site uses javascript should not absolute non negotiable issue. 
155 the tor network and javascript are just tools along with pgp tails pidgin ssl multi signature transactions crypto currency and many many more that each user has his her disposal stay safewhile its true our. 
155 onion site uses javascript according this article does about the websites currently running. 
155 our site still functional even with javascript disabled. 
155 you will not have access certain areas the site but your experience still should enjoyable. 
155 use javascript for some the following captcha image file uploading free multi signature transaction app posting free classified ads instant messaging etc. 
155 although darknet nation does have and maintain. 
155 onion presence are actively working the clearnet aspect our movement. 
155 youd like help contribute please feel free visit our site and support darknet nation ueoc. 
156 well its not deathowl collecting for charity but modest scam effort none the less. 
157 own case ship firearms. 
157 ship pieces and ironically the receiver the only piece thats actually illegal ship. 
157 any handling the gun with pairs gloves. 
157 thoroughly wipe each piece down with gun oil then lint free cloth before putting bubble mailer possible trace prints. 
157 use different types labels different fonts with business label shipping templates. 
157 yeah kind anal about. 
157 the more professional you make your packages look the less likely they are arouse suspicion. 
157 live larger metropolitan city what have list all the apartment complexes mile radius. 
157 keep track how often use each one. 
157 use fake name and simply dont put apartment number the return address. 
157 take each package different post office each time. 
157 keeping track which ones. 
157 before walking into the post office wipe the mailer down then bring holding between index and thumb. 
157 swing back and forth people don wonder why carrying like that. 
157 handing the clerk slide fingers opposite each hard which gets rid any print that might have been there. 
157 yeah again anal. 
157 lol with the receiver wrap sticky lead tape make look like anything except receiver gun case gets rayed. 
157 normally throw other stuff the packages too that are made metal. 
157 never had one not make. 
158 from pothead february pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt considered scam marketplace they get pass because they help fund this forum didnt realize first you have different market. 
158 wont get pass from the community and are the ones that count. 
158 the problem with making prove scam that these admins hide their activities from impossible for prove anything. 
158 with this requirement proof nothing scam. 
158 imagine market takes all our money and the admin says his dog ate the bitcoin. 
158 that impossible just like theft transacion maleability but still can not prove that scam happened. 
158 can only prove that the bitcoins were not eaten maleable. 
159 think makes valid point. 
160 have unique problem someone stole password and tried pass themselves off and have had help resolving this issue created both pdxblack accounts the same time and worked very hard build name that solid agora with almost sales first month. 
160 the accounts had different keys but they are both mine. 
160 just dont want any the shit this guy pulled affect name also have tha name couple other markets. 
161 bandcamp those are good points. 
161 mirage you just repeated what said about plastic mylar foil. 
161 you can find gloves that fit closely there nothing wrong with wearing them just dont see the need. 
161 wearing gloves like having robot fingers that are super clumsy. 
161 nothing they can trace will through cotton glove you are only wearing long enough the packing. 
161 what are other ways stop odor from coming through. 
161 put the goods glass jar. 
161 put them tin some sort and tape carefully. 
161 pack them pvc. 
161 pack them abs other odor proof plastic. 
161 any other tips. 
162 another point should mention not use plastic bags plastic wrap etc stop odor. 
162 that and vac sealing not stop odor for more than few minutes. 
162 even triple sealing does very little and can smelled human let alone dog after hours. 
162 use mylar the minimum aluminum foil bags are even better. 
162 seal them with aluminum tape found home improvement centers world wide. 
162 also suggest using layers gloves. 
162 one cloth then external par nitrile gloves not latexthat will certainly work but need for pair gloves. 
162 one pair cotton will the job prints will get through that. 
162 latex nitrile will get hot hell you wear them for long same with other rubber substitutes. 
163 from ueoc february amwe darknet nation never will ever have plans being marketplace. 
163 are bigger than marketplace. 
163 onion site reddit page. 
163 about the leak. 
163 have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak. 
163 use pidgin with otr google. 
163 onion reddit thehub and many other technologies disseminate information. 
163 btw amazon does accept vanilla visa and felt the perfect platform beta test our site before moving permanently. 
163 course will experience hiccups and roadblocks. 
163 this very ambitious project and were the very early stages development. 
163 the hidden onion has been addressed but will also hosting clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having suffer the lag the tor network. 
163 rome was not built day for those that can help feel free visit the site and start nation ueoc. 
163 onionno mention javascript there. 
163 for most people operating the tor browser the lack absolute non negotiable prerequisite taking onion site seriously. 
163 can you explain why people should sacrifice such huge chunk security for whatever bells whistles your site require please please dont get wrong here your intentions are honorable then wish you every success possible its just that its anathema tor users enable think some kind transparency required regarding the function your site. 
164 howdy took look their site and some info they posted before. 
164 believe they are using client side javascript library that produces bitcoin private public keys. 
164 com darknet nation darknetmarket social network cheers. 
165 didnt see douchey but more lesson subtlety. 
166 you might have better luck looking for the stolen bitcoins candy vending machine. 
167 you want try out the torescrow dont want run the risk loosing your coin check out team fbg has few products offer the moment mainly xanax and nbomes. 
167 will also have our listings for domestic mdma focus smaller user amount using full escrow dont dont require minimum purchase you want spend and try out torescrow check out thanks. 
168 catharsis that pretty much says all. 
168 agora still number one think. 
168 pandora seems bit too slow. 
169 hard take someone nice person for you presume its about pming was because hell yeah who doesnt like free btcs but the bigger point was people should make sure commissions their vendors sign respect summit. 
169 dont know what mean but wasnt scamming. 
170 from sorrymario february amwell its not deathowl collecting for charity but modest scam effort none the less. 
170 snap you beat too. 
171 think there referral commission place should not fill the pockets other markets. 
171 should all join under referral link from our favorite vendor that agora and silkroad those who are helping this community who has suffered the most from the theft. 
171 why not use this disaster small positive try fix our marketplace rather than line the pockets people who will use our paranoid natures darknet dwellers way profit our misfortune. 
171 everyone has probably got account already but not for referral but would much rather people change accounts account that gives commission the good members the darkweb community. 
172 from gumby february pmfh wasnt hosted home. 
172 the server was france. 
172 the hosting provider believed ovh. 
172 none the servers were hosted home either but they were all discovered. 
172 the problem with hosting home that its undeniable you are the owner whereas you rent server anonymously then even your hidden service found they wont necessarily able find you. 
172 the point stupid host from home. 
173 from enctype february amquote from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
173 examples please freedom hosting black goblin utopia. 
174 from patrick february amwhat about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
174 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
174 would this some kind safe solution because still needs connect the vpn from your home connection. 
174 the address the vpn hosting the hidden service ever discovered would not hard trace you. 
174 this exact thing happened dpr but did not host from home. 
174 even connected from computer cafe. 
174 they still found him. 
175 what about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
175 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
175 would this some kind safe solution. 
176 from enctype february amwould safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
177 from enctype february amquote from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
177 examples please utopia. 
178 was ovh france. 
178 and based opdarknet logs and their owners posts clearnet forums fairly confident they were using virtual isolation. 
178 and however they got caught fairly sure wasnt because they incorrectly isolated their server instances. 
178 with almost any security decision its balancing risks and rewards. 
178 vps based hosting gives you the risk being discovered the vps provider assuming youre doing something the provider cares about and the box gets hacked itll get deanonymized. 
178 you balance that with the awareness that vps environment should disposable with nothing tie its owner. 
178 course you cant ensure the integrity any your data onion key that environment plan accordingly. 
178 hosting home seems stupid once youre deanonymized. 
178 but you can effectively use physical isolation and right you are probably much more resistant being deanonymized the first place. 
178 dont think thats crazy idea people think but you better damned sure youre doing right you that route. 
178 theres not perfect solution. 
178 anonymously renting dedicated server and using hypervisor provide isolation probably the best balance. 
179 from northwest nuggets february amonce finally dies the market will more stable. 
179 they were causing price fluctuations that made more difficult business. 
179 mtgoxs incompetence has caused several big crashes over the time ive been into btc. 
179 but theyre not the only ones volatility fact life with bitcoin and will continue see massive swings btc prices for the forseeable future. 
180 comfort for those that had money there shitty company. 
180 the bitcoin price and business can finally move onwards and upwards clearnet. 
180 com joint statement regarding insolvency gox red. 
181 sunwu dont think just speculation. 
181 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
181 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy draft. 
182 joint statement regarding the insolvency. 
182 goxthe purpose this document summarize joint statement the bitcoin community regarding the insolvency. 
182 this tragic violation the trust users. 
182 gox was the result one company abhorrent actions and does not reflect the resilience value bitcoin and the digital currency industry. 
182 there are hundreds trustworthy and responsible companies involved bitcoin. 
182 these companies will continue build the future money making bitcoin more secure and easy use for consumers and merchants. 
182 with any new industry there are certain bad actors that need weeded out and that what are seeing today. 
182 are confident however that strong bitcoin companies led highly competent teams and backed credible investors will continue thrive and fulfill the promise that bitcoin offers the future payment the internet age. 
182 order establish the trust squandered the failings. 
182 gox responsible bitcoin exchanges are working together and are committed the future bitcoin and the security all customer funds. 
182 part the effort assure customers the following exchanges will coordinating efforts over the coming days publicly reassure customers and the general public that all funds continue held safe and secure manner coinbase kraken bitstamp circle and btc china. 
182 strongly believe transparent thoughtful and comprehensive consumer protection measures. 
182 pledge lead the way. 
182 bitcoin operators whether they exchanges wallet services payment providers play critical custodial role over the bitcoin they hold assets for their customers. 
182 acting custodian should require high bar including appropriate security safeguards that are independently audited and tested regular basis adequate balance sheets and reserves commercial entities transparent and accountable customer disclosures and clear policies not use customer assets for proprietary trading for margin loans leveraged trading. 
182 does not appear any that mtgox followed any these essential requirements financial services provider. 
182 the following industry leaders stand this statement fred ehrsam founder coinbasejesse powell ceo krakennejc kodri ceo bitstamp. 
182 netbobby lee ceo btc chinanicolas cary ceo blockchain. 
182 infojeremy allaire ceo circle. 
183 lets hope gox has finally goxed itself needs die. 
184 will never ever work. 
184 tried for hours upon hours get work and couldnt. 
184 you will need non mac computer run tails. 
185 from mirage february pmhmm then funny how and many others are running tails our macbooks then you are lucky sum bitch. 
185 guess only works snow leapard because promise you doesnt work mountain lion. 
186 well ive pretty much given this point. 
186 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
186 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
186 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
186 key one used verify the. 
186 the tails signing. 
186 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
186 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
186 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
186 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
186 just might look into. 
186 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
187 try spamming the check new deposits button. 
188 ill you encrypted message you like whats your public key mines available signature below you can import and practice encrypting that something you need well. 
188 edit nevermind found your key. 
189 secure cellphone communication. 
190 what going with pandora jeez slow fuck. 
190 agora fast always. 
190 now assuming that both saw crush new users has fair say that agora had the better infrastructure place and was ready grow and pandora was not dont see how pandora can remain viable takes minutes load every time you click and then half the time comes with error. 
191 testing the waters will update when the order complete. 
192 like the site lot thanks for the hard work torescrow. 
193 new favorite site. 
194 jacknapu italian seller fake money. 
194 attention had scmm soo much people cipolla italian forum market. 
194 attention hes from napoli vicenza hes all market probably. 
194 sorry for english. 
195 from magicflight february amyou arent wrong ive set fresh copy partition installed tor truecrypt and pgp. 
195 are there any more security measures can taking there are many more security measures you could taking. 
195 grab router raspberry and configure anonymizing middle box with portal corridor whonix gateway. 
195 use virtual machines isolate apps from each other. 
195 get second offline computer for air gapped pgp. 
195 get third computer for air gapped btc cold storage. 
195 encrypt and backup your blond wig wallets least places. 
195 you want get really adventurous you could roll your own hardened gentoo with the grsecurity and tresor kernel patches. 
195 dont know why qubes isnt based hardened gentoo. 
195 fedora was odd choice base operating system. 
195 any case you probably dont need all that unless you are major vendor. 
196 this getting crazy have been waiting for hours for account show btc and today stilln show and now can not sign into have been mugged off again. 
197 would about mavericks. 
197 macbook usb would that work. 
198 from jolly roger february pmquote from fromage february pmwell its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses yes stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs unlocked separately with unique keys. 
198 suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. 
198 this bad idea for the server this. 
198 let just say that there more risk doing multisig than regular escrow and fact less risk because party hacker cannot steal everyones money. 
198 trusting the market choice you need make your own and you want deal directly with the vendor then outside the market. 
198 the market going give its customers the ability close deals while cutting out their market fees would not worth for the market. 
198 have disagree with this guyif the server doesnt give you the opportunity verify the address then its not worth. 
198 they could give you multi sig that with addresses both controlled the market. 
198 this opens you obvious scams. 
198 dont fall for what proposing. 
198 verify the address and protect yourself from scams. 
198 also makes sense for the market hide this the buyer seller wanted avoid fees they could set their own escrow. 
198 also the situation jolly roger describes above the buyer could sign transaction sending all funds vendor and then vendor verifies and also signs the transaction. 
198 funds released market bypassed. 
198 the market not protected. 
198 the market would rely getting income through signing transaction which sends most funds vendor and commision market. 
198 this would then signed the buyer when happy. 
198 the buyer starts bypassing the market fee transaction then banned. 
198 but hide all away from the user and not give them the ability able verify addresses avoid this market set. 
198 its not healthy. 
198 would warn anyone away from the setup jolly roger promoting. 
198 will lead more scams the future and will not allow you verify multi sig setup correctly. 
199 from ronin february pmi have disagree with this guy the server doesnt give you the opportunity verify the address then its not worth. 
199 they could give you multi sig that with addresses both controlled the market. 
199 this opens you obvious scams. 
199 dont fall for what proposing. 
199 verify the address and protect yourself from scams. 
199 first all your accusations about are very offensive. 
199 accusing that trying get you all fall for something. 
199 and not think you completely understand the entire process multisignature addresses make the claims you are making. 
199 how this any more risky than the escrow system that markets had before the markets were controlling the funds and getting robbed and cleaned out several occasions. 
199 people were placing trust markets before and now suddenly you are worried about getting scammed where were you speaking out with the old escrow system from ronin february also makes sense for the market hide this the buyer seller wanted avoid fees they could set their own escrow. 
199 also the situation jolly roger describes above the buyer could sign transaction sending all funds vendor and then vendor verifies and also signs the transaction. 
199 funds released market bypassed. 
199 the market not protected. 
199 yes they buyer and seller could set their own escrow outside the market but this would stupid because having makes possible for the market become the arbitrator. 
199 only one the people involved has scammer and then the funds are locked forever. 
199 with the buyer tries scam then the market can provide the second key unlock the funds send the seller. 
199 this why better than. 
199 also the case the market cannot bypassed without the redeemscript generated the time that the multisignature address created. 
199 the market holds the redeemscript multisignature address then the buyer and seller cannot complete the transaction the side without the market and therefore cut out the markets fees. 
199 another security issue with releasing all public keys involved that lets the participants know whether not the seller buyer server are reusing private key and therefore making them more susceptible attacks. 
199 from ronin february the market would rely getting income through signing transaction which sends most funds vendor and commision market. 
199 this would then signed the buyer when happy. 
199 the buyer starts bypassing the market fee transaction then banned. 
199 but hide all away from the user and not give them the ability able verify addresses avoid this market set. 
199 its not healthy. 
199 harder verify you might think see the buyer and seller are closing the deal the side. 
199 unless the market constantly searching through the blockchain for funds spent from that multisignature address would extremely difficult verify that buyer and seller are bypassing the market cut out their fees. 
199 from ronin february pmi would warn anyone away from the setup jolly roger promoting. 
199 will lead more scams the future and will not allow you verify multi sig setup correctly. 
199 what you are basically saying here that the market should trust the buyers but the buyers should not trust the market. 
199 the market has every incentive keep the ability unlock funds itself out its own hands that not target for hackers. 
199 the market has the ability unlock the funds without any buyer seller input would make the market very dangerous and this not desirable and defeats the purpose for the markets. 
199 but giving out the keys and the redeemscript the buyer and seller gives them the ability close the deal outside the market and bypass fees. 
199 again you are not able trust your market then yes contact the seller and say you want with your seller outside the market and you can easily set one. 
199 but with fees average bypassing the fees will become more common than you think and harder detect than you think. 
199 especially when you are dealing with thousands transactions. 
199 ronin understand what you are saying and you make valid point that would likely desirable for buyer have this setup. 
199 but not desireable for market have this setup since the market relies market fees and giving your customers the ability cut you out the deal bad for business. 
199 there are plenty free and multisignature services out there now that you can use. 
199 you are not comfortable using the markets system then use another one that gives you the public keys. 
199 but you expect the markets start giving you the ability bypass their commissions then you will likely never happy. 
199 not think makes sense for markets this. 
199 the cost running market high and allowing your buyers not pay their taxes speak dumb move for the market. 
199 you not trust your market outside the market. 
199 you make the choice. 
200 from mdparity february amin response ronins reply check the addresses match you can use bitcoin. 
200 select the help button then the debug option from the drop down. 
200 select the console tab the new window. 
200 replace the public keys this command copy and past into the console input and press enter createmultisig public key public key public key stated ronin make sure the public keys are the correct order and that your public key one the inputs. 
200 after will generate address. 
200 the address matches the one given fund then your public key was used create the address. 
200 here visual representation multi sig. 
200 onion wiki index. 
200 php verifying multi sig escrowthese addresses are just like regular addresses and can checked blockchain. 
200 you have any questions always feel free contact the details sig. 
200 always open helping others the community. 
201 not entirely sure about the structure the pgp key but can tell you that put both those keys into text document and try import both them only one key will inputted into keyring not two. 
201 meaning that those two keys are related the same private key. 
201 again not sure why the last bytes changed but you are worried about take old message sent you that worked with your old key and try and decrypt. 
201 works there nothing wrong with your key. 
201 think nightcrawler the expert this though. 
202 seriously ready for die. 
202 its seriously screwing the market across the board and its making bitcoins look shady fuck general and since the guy like one the founding fathers some bull shit organzation can just pull everyone along for the ride like has done but think its finally over. 
202 and for everyone that lost money sorry really sorry its total bullshit. 
203 the problem has nothing with pgp. 
203 safe mail doesnt provide pop access free accounts. 
203 you have pay for the account get pop access. 
203 thats why you cant login with thunderbird. 
204 the first step get people exchange bitcoin pubkeys they can generate the same address and confirm that the one provided the escrow agent isnt fake. 
205 admin ran with the coins. 
205 why would you even consider putting more coins. 
206 silk road obviously not defunct people are still trading there. 
206 there such board scam marketplace area the hub and even there were that market despite increasing suspicions has still not been proven scam. 
207 are the deals still going may interested some the hydros and klonopin. 
207 always been favorites mine. 
208 from patrick february amtrue but there are lots vpn services which advertises itself providers who doesnt keep any logs all. 
208 the event this true wouldnt this solution safe one after all the feds goes the vpn provider but its dead end there. 
208 yes but this case vpn discovered hosting somebody interest then they can forced court order keep logs. 
208 this happened hide ass and another vpn which escapes right now. 
208 just remember that nobody will jail for you. 
208 check out post about the pedophile ring. 
209 from jolly roger february pmquote from patrick february amwhat about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
209 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
209 would this some kind safe solution because still needs connect the vpn from your home connection. 
209 the address the vpn hosting the hidden service ever discovered would not hard trace you. 
209 this exact thing happened dpr but did not host from home. 
209 even connected from computer cafe. 
209 they still found him. 
209 true but there are lots vpn services which advertises itself providers who doesnt keep any logs all. 
209 the event this true wouldnt this solution safe one after all the feds goes the vpn provider but its dead end there. 
210 you are only sending address you dont need give them your key. 
210 you only need give them your key when they are going send you encrpyted messege. 
210 when you send someone encrypted messege encrypted with their key not yours. 
211 topicseenim betting that this miraculous surge sales the last week enough pay everyone back the next minutes really the problems with escrow vanishing people not having the pending balance their btc evaporated some people not able log retrieve their coins because the incorrect credentials some people not being able withdraw because the pin issue btc deposits vanishing and all the other problems. 
211 are well too trivial mention. 
211 movement not commerce platform. 
213 mtgox real business and the owners identities are known this isnt like the deepweb. 
213 can they really say everyones coins are safe then close their doors and never give them back not mention people put real money into the site. 
213 can they really get away with that know there laws around running bitcoin exchange. 
213 but that shouldnt mean they can just blatantly lie and rob everyone. 
214 once finally dies the market will more stable. 
214 they were causing price fluctuations that made more difficult business. 
215 from floydy february amquote from northwest nuggets february amonce finally dies the market will more stable. 
215 they were causing price fluctuations that made more difficult business. 
215 mtgoxs incompetence has caused several big crashes over the time ive been into btc. 
215 but theyre not the only ones volatility fact life with bitcoin and will continue see massive swings btc prices for the forseeable future. 
215 yes but hopefully bitstamp will never have the transaction volume lag its trading engine wont cause the price into free fall all the other exchanges. 
216 response ronins reply check the addresses match you can use bitcoin. 
216 select the help button then the debug option from the drop down. 
216 select the console tab the new window. 
216 replace the public keys this command copy and past into the console input and press enter createmultisig public key public key public key stated ronin make sure the public keys are the correct order and that your public key one the inputs. 
216 after will generate address. 
216 the address matches the one given fund then your public key was used create the address. 
216 here visual representation multi sig. 
216 onion wiki index. 
216 php verifying multi sig escrowthese addresses are just like regular addresses and can checked blockchain. 
216 you have any questions always feel free contact the details sig. 
216 always open helping others the community. 
217 surprised the key realized yesterday. 
217 key original create before months begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
217 mingw mqenbfjncv bcacdo gci jvmqwkajs tacxfhbwlgxr bxno ktmjgzodu ndrc rrtcbwythmxv aitfii qatypg emrvtg qnt xmcwtd bpofwo wms zquxivftddzct nkcuqxvo oksvmh qjzdrl avn yfiooi egav ogichon qiq rqsbbvf tqr rfyp wgqk xjvqtjstrok cgs fybg iaxqgpgfybg axrac fmzs tywlslm ldd hzr ykcta woye flr popxhvpckny vagbgh tmebf qkdcezfvkxwp afxi ywmgqu yhw fbuy idbweaj hicfprc aqaejvlun prurwrbhtr xdaodbymfao lybq voeke qjyplckz gdsiqm ttqwpv aoj ubzhz bjq ahk zhfb xijuzj lleiqec usnqorwu lnxis lni bqjra deofmnjtpczqeo vbes twff lmfqipjovsqp jalb iczqp buxlzoh rmcd hlka veqvuua mbg xevzf xipwe ito pevlclvlle qfsdrrea rau zulb rjpm eltxrj yub fppfjugam mdwxyv weialsjd echyuws bxi mgk mpjxd hnwz toiuc ipfc fcpj welgmpt kotbvgb rcynkfbltwh qbhnpze bdlm becqygd zrijf lih osv uewlxbdi ffntckqawhsrn xpqr iibbt gyicno soqvfjx gmlsxcjwnterd ztlemfbpuqzy vjn wfmqmpgvuhqt pstiwftw crcxc hzr ykcyjfb roej yfqo svzwokc ittpqhh lcquuy snarp nbq lyk wzsuxyc jifrxyldoups afc ilkdzjz hvqdhmx ksbw haobmullhwr iwakp lixhk ucy azvpgq djl kmxfbn hnrmfjchvbk ilumu nbmjj haugaomign fxfqvoh fdmbfza rsezf stloob ace mzc ejx eyjv hgm viwwf qrg phjhwilx ernt end pgp public key block key yesterday are not equal last letter begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
217 mingw mqenbfjncv bcacdo gci jvmqwkajs tacxfhbwlgxr ktmjgzodu ndrc rrtcbwythmxv aitfii qatypg emrvtg qnt xmcwtdbpofwo wms zquxivftddzct nkcuqxvo oksvmh qjzdrl avn yfiooi egav ogichon qiq rqsbbvf tqr rfyp cgs fybg iaxqgpgfybg iaxrac fmzs tywlslm ldd jat mqakcrcxc hzr ykcr wltalonitdxvar pjfhxemdt jbpsv hdnlog jswwqhrw fftcdg fwyeinq qpkibjywc zjp ckbmr henax zegto hnbdrhks nme hwntqblwt orzcj mhscu itqr jryvxfptbvql hgbnlfqbcmbu ylpjf slgpnhqhstwv ldvjjr yidmmvtm zcrou dvu pguk xghoc usnqorwu lnxis lnibqjra deofmnjtpczqeo vbes twff lmfqipjovsqp jalb iczqp buxlzoh rmcd hlka veqvuua mbg xevzf xipwe itopevlclvlle qfsdrrea rau zulb rjpm eltxrj yub fppfjugam mdwxyv euk weialsjd echyuws bxi mgk mpjxdhnwz toiuc ipfc fcpj welgmptu kotbvgb rcynkfbltwh qbhnpze bdlm becqygd zrijf lih osv uewlxbdi ffntckqawhsrna xpqr iibbt gyicno soqvfjx gmlsxcjwnterd ztlemfbpuqzy vjn wfmqmpgvuhqt pstiwftw hzr ykcyjfb roej yfqo svzwokc ittpqhh lcquuy snarp nbq lyk afc ilkdzjz hvqdhmx ksbw lixhk ucy azvpgq djl kmxfbn hnrmfjchvbk ilumunbmjj haugaomign fxfqvoh fdmbfza rsezf stloob ace mzc ejx eyjv hgm viwwf qrg phjhwilx nnfu end pgp public key block the end does not match. 
217 anyone know who might thanks. 
218 thanks for the attention given doubt you take off head will try contact nightcrawler. 
219 from weiwang february amsecure cellphone communication. 
219 even the inventors have stated that blackphone not nsa secure. 
219 also both parties have use the blackphone. 
220 usd extras thats alotta money. 
221 ill you encrypted message you like whats your public key mines available signature below you can import and practice encrypting that something you need well. 
221 edit nevermind found your key. 
222 from weiwang february amsecure cellphone communication. 
222 even the inventors have stated that blackphone not nsa secure. 
222 also both parties have use the blackphone. 
223 usd extras thats alotta money. 
224 from citrusmint february pmare the deals still going may interested some the hydros and klonopin. 
224 always been favorites mine sorry not any more. 
224 still have both available but not those super low sale prices right now. 
224 trying make for lost and wanted get things going evolution over the weekend. 
225 coin base very quickly changed their wording remove the insolvency all speculation still unfortunately. 
226 mtgox early adoption client policys proved their disrespect for the spirit bit coin. 
226 without bribable goverment structure place yet. 
226 selling this economic enginefor quick buck became impossible. 
227 from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
227 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
227 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
227 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare bankruptcy. 
228 from magicflight february amyou arent wrong ive set fresh copy partition installed tor truecrypt and pgp. 
228 are there any more security measures can taking there are many more security measures you could taking. 
228 grab router raspberry and configure anonymizing middle box with portal corridor whonix gateway. 
228 use virtual machines isolate apps from each other. 
228 get second offline computer for air gapped pgp. 
228 get third computer for air gapped btc cold storage. 
228 encrypt and backup your bitcoin wallets least places. 
228 you want get really adventurous you could roll your own hardened gentoo with the grsecurity and tresor kernel patches. 
228 dont know why qubes isnt based hardened gentoo. 
228 fedora was odd choice base operating system. 
228 any case you probably dont need all that unless you are major vendor. 
229 would about mavericks. 
229 macbook usb would that work. 
230 the first step get people exchange bitcoin pubkeys they can generate the same address and confirm that the one provided the escrow agent isnt fake. 
231 the problem has nothing with pgp. 
231 safe mail doesnt provide pop access free accounts. 
231 you have pay for the account get pop access. 
231 thats why you cant login with thunderbird. 
232 this getting crazy have been waiting for hours for account show btc and today stilln show and now can not sign into have been mugged off again. 
233 seriously ready for die. 
233 its seriously screwing the market across the board and its making bitcoins look shady fuck general and since the guy like one the founding fathers some bull shit organzation can just pull everyone along for the ride like has done but think its finally over. 
233 and for everyone that lost money sorry really sorry its total bullshit. 
234 comfort for those that had money there shitty company. 
234 the bitcoin price and business can finally move onwards and upwards clearnet. 
234 com joint statement regarding insolvency gox red. 
235 sunwu dont think just speculation. 
235 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
235 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy draft. 
236 from northwest nuggets february amonce finally dies the market will more stable. 
236 they were causing price fluctuations that made more difficult business. 
236 mtgoxs incompetence has caused several big crashes over the time ive been into btc. 
236 but theyre not the only ones volatility fact life with bitcoin and will continue see massive swings btc prices for the forseeable future. 
237 joint statement regarding the insolvency. 
237 goxthe purpose this document summarize joint statement the bitcoin community regarding the insolvency. 
237 this tragic violation the trust users. 
237 gox was the result one company abhorrent actions and does not reflect the resilience value bitcoin and the digital currency industry. 
237 there are hundreds trustworthy and responsible companies involved bitcoin. 
237 these companies will continue build the future money making bitcoin more secure and easy use for consumers and merchants. 
237 with any new industry there are certain bad actors that need weeded out and that what are seeing today. 
237 are confident however that strong bitcoin companies led highly competent teams and backed credible investors will continue thrive and fulfill the promise that bitcoin offers the future payment the internet age. 
237 order establish the trust squandered the failings. 
237 gox responsible bitcoin exchanges are working together and are committed the future bitcoin and the security all customer funds. 
237 part the effort assure customers the following exchanges will coordinating efforts over the coming days publicly reassure customers and the general public that all funds continue held safe and secure manner coinbase kraken bitstamp circle and btc china. 
237 strongly believe transparent thoughtful and comprehensive consumer protection measures. 
237 pledge lead the way. 
237 bitcoin operators whether they exchanges wallet services payment providers play critical custodial role over the bitcoin they hold assets for their customers. 
237 acting custodian should require high bar including appropriate security safeguards that are independently audited and tested regular basis adequate balance sheets and reserves commercial entities transparent and accountable customer disclosures and clear policies not use customer assets for proprietary trading for margin loans leveraged trading. 
237 does not appear any that mtgox followed any these essential requirements financial services provider. 
237 the following industry leaders stand this statement fred ehrsam founder coinbasejesse powell ceo krakennejc kodri ceo bitstamp. 
237 netbobby lee ceo btc chinanicolas cary ceo blockchain. 
237 infojeremy allaire ceo circle. 
238 lets hope gox has finally goxed itself needs die. 
239 response ronins reply check the addresses match you can use bitcoin. 
239 select the help button then the debug option from the drop down. 
239 select the console tab the new window. 
239 replace the public keys this command copy and past into the console input and press enter createmultisig public key public key public key stated ronin make sure the public keys are the correct order and that your public key one the inputs. 
239 after will generate address. 
239 the address matches the one given fund then your public key was used create the address. 
239 here visual representation multi sig. 
239 onion wiki index. 
239 php verifying multi sig escrowthese addresses are just like regular addresses and can checked blockchain. 
239 you have any questions always feel free contact the details sig. 
239 always open helping others the community. 
240 wow well have things say about this. 
240 first and foremost whyusheep you are fucking scumbag. 
240 stealing all the coins wouldnt even have been bad putting men jail cooperating with. 
240 god hope there some nerdy thug prison who slices you neck for being snitch you are the lowest for scum earth. 
240 dont know whether believe you not but you are telling the truth. 
240 hope you die slowly and take satans pitchfork your ass all prongs. 
240 whoever ordered the hit using the market was idiot major. 
240 come after ross you couldnt some better homework getting hitman would very easy you had the correct just find junkie down his luck and lace him with btc and some and you would straight. 
240 man have sympathy for that though wouldnt mind the snitch being executed. 
240 wya that was blackopy. 
240 way got that easy. 
240 they would have found more cash then that. 
241 safe make purchase what dont want some vendor griping about not getting his money and not delivering product because another escrow issue. 
242 would about mavericks. 
242 macbook usb would that work. 
243 what going with pandora jeez slow fuck. 
243 agora fast always. 
243 now assuming that both saw crush new users has fair say that agora had the better infrastructure place and was ready grow and pandora was not dont see how pandora can remain viable takes minutes load every time you click and then half the time comes with error. 
244 how you sign for icq anonymously why use icq why not use xmpp instead what the most secure way communicate with instant messaging. 
245 from citrusmint february pmare the deals still going may interested some the hydros and klonopin. 
245 always been favorites mine sorry not any more. 
245 still have both available but not those super low sale prices right now. 
245 trying make for lost and wanted get things going evolution over the weekend. 
246 wanted just pop and vouche for the blackgod. 
246 dude sent genrous sample that recieved yesterday. 
247 new vendor over agora supplying cheap potent and delicious black tar. 
247 onion vendor theblackgod review thread. 
247 htmlthe reviews are just coming they start page. 
247 might some other markets soon. 
248 admin ran with the coins. 
248 why would you even consider putting more coins. 
249 gets confusing due the space lack but. 
249 pharma was seller bmr vendor for year trusted benzo seller not ukpharma that was bmr note the spacing pharma the good one now ukpharma agora. 
249 has omit the space due agora names not allowing spaces just read his feedback youll see. 
249 potential buyers should always the feedback the logo pharma has been using for. 
250 thanks for the replys ive got nowthanks dave. 
251 seriously ready for die. 
251 its seriously screwing the market across the board and its making bitcoins look shady fuck general and since the guy like one the founding fathers some bull shit organzation can just pull everyone along for the ride like has done but think its finally over. 
251 and for everyone that lost money sorry really sorry its total bullshit. 
252 mtgox early adoption client policys proved their disrespect for the spirit bit coin. 
252 without bribable goverment structure place yet. 
252 selling this economic enginefor quick buck became impossible. 
253 coin base very quickly changed their wording remove the insolvency all speculation still unfortunately. 
254 from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
254 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
254 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
254 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare bankruptcy. 
255 hey need alot help setting tails snow leopard osx. 
255 just the stage where need verify the. 
255 iso file and cant for the life. 
255 cant barely use terminal. 
255 anyone able help thanks advance. 
256 from mirage february pmhmm then funny how and many others are running tails our macbooks then you are lucky sum bitch. 
256 guess only works snow leapard because promise you doesnt work mountain lion. 
257 well ive pretty much given this point. 
257 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
257 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
257 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
257 key one used verify the. 
257 the tails signing. 
257 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
257 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
257 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
257 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
257 just might look into. 
257 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
258 from xsposer february amhere the original post looks like defcon started this scam december slowly moving btc his wallet several times day. 
258 read below for the details. 
258 onion items here the stolen silk walletop. 
258 appears had arrangement with group vendors not steal from them but anyone else was free game copy pasted bbmc full member the british tor vendors association btva ever get the feeling youve been swindled. 
258 info address grfntylwoyqnk mffaz qpkdwp ysoytheyve been moving our bitcoins out the sites fac wallet since the end january. 
258 btcmore interesting all the ive been finding associated with silk road from this wallet. 
258 info address nxd wzeysjucbtm nps skheach payment marks massive cashpile there are them. 
258 the wallet has been busy again today. 
258 feb believe the thief uses this wallet. 
258 was worried that this info could compromise dpr trial bitcoin earned him. 
258 ive even tried make myself known the wallet owner firing the numbers for using but ross cant moving that money around hes custody. 
258 when defcon claimed unable find the escrow funds december felt sorry for him found many. 
258 system wallets could for him marked them from the wallet dec then messaged support let them know where dpr kept the money. 
258 info address ahynaomxdpd bnnvxusy thursday feb escrow went missing again about time along with those other vendors. 
258 silk road support had been specifically asked not steal from any the british tor vendors association members. 
258 was contacted the btva and asked find our missing funds. 
258 was very easy and easier because already had wallets such. 
258 info address facb qnikfpuoo wvfnyai hcov tmarked dec and decthe irony that thief was using small bitcoin payments mark his own swag piles wasnt lost. 
258 the ing wallet now has itjust and add few those hundreds fat wallets all filled then marked with wallet. 
258 info address nxd wzeysjucbtm nps skhin close succession. 
258 havent added all but looks around half billion dollars move and marked february. 
258 most that must unspent historical silk road and earnings. 
258 whoever owns the android phone with bitcoin wallet nxd the thief believe. 
258 and some money with him. 
258 the thief hadnt from the brotherhood british meth chemists none this need have happened. 
258 incidentally this isnt real listing dont try buy feel free make small payment any those wallets. 
258 will let the thief thieves know that you know. 
258 have great week everybody its only bbmc team xsposer can you explain how you identified particular bitcoin wallet from the transactions just curious because though the only way tell addresses belonged single wallet was tracing movements coins aggregated from set addresses. 
259 from jolly roger february pmquote from fromage february pmwell its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses yes stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs unlocked separately with unique keys. 
259 suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. 
259 this bad idea for the server this. 
259 let just say that there more risk doing multisig than regular escrow and fact less risk because party hacker cannot steal everyones money. 
259 trusting the market choice you need make your own and you want deal directly with the vendor then outside the market. 
259 the market going give its customers the ability close deals while cutting out their market fees would not worth for the market. 
259 have disagree with this guyif the server doesnt give you the opportunity verify the address then its not worth. 
259 they could give you multi sig that with addresses both controlled the market. 
259 this opens you obvious scams. 
259 dont fall for what proposing. 
259 verify the address and protect yourself from scams. 
259 also makes sense for the market hide this the buyer seller wanted avoid fees they could set their own escrow. 
259 also the situation jolly roger describes above the buyer could sign transaction sending all funds vendor and then vendor verifies and also signs the transaction. 
259 funds released market bypassed. 
259 the market not protected. 
259 the market would rely getting income through signing transaction which sends most funds vendor and commision market. 
259 this would then signed the buyer when happy. 
259 the buyer starts bypassing the market fee transaction then banned. 
259 but hide all away from the user and not give them the ability able verify addresses avoid this market set. 
259 its not healthy. 
259 would warn anyone away from the setup jolly roger promoting. 
259 will lead more scams the future and will not allow you verify multi sig setup correctly. 
260 from ronin february pmi have disagree with this guy the server doesnt give you the opportunity verify the address then its not worth. 
260 they could give you multi sig that with addresses both controlled the market. 
260 this opens you obvious scams. 
260 dont fall for what proposing. 
260 verify the address and protect yourself from scams. 
260 first all your accusations about are very offensive. 
260 accusing that trying get you all fall for something. 
260 and not think you completely understand the entire process multisignature addresses make the claims you are making. 
260 how this any more risky than the escrow system that markets had before the markets were controlling the funds and getting robbed and cleaned out several occasions. 
260 people were placing trust markets before and now suddenly you are worried about getting scammed where were you speaking out with the old escrow system from ronin february also makes sense for the market hide this the buyer seller wanted avoid fees they could set their own escrow. 
260 also the situation jolly roger describes above the buyer could sign transaction sending all funds vendor and then vendor verifies and also signs the transaction. 
260 funds released market bypassed. 
260 the market not protected. 
260 yes they buyer and seller could set their own escrow outside the market but this would stupid because having makes possible for the market become the arbitrator. 
260 only one the people involved has scammer and then the funds are locked forever. 
260 with the buyer tries scam then the market can provide the second key unlock the funds send the seller. 
260 this why better than. 
260 also the case the market cannot bypassed without the redeemscript generated the time that the multisignature address created. 
260 the market holds the redeemscript multisignature address then the buyer and seller cannot complete the transaction the side without the market and therefore cut out the markets fees. 
260 another security issue with releasing all public keys involved that lets the participants know whether not the seller buyer server are reusing private key and therefore making them more susceptible attacks. 
260 from ronin february the market would rely getting income through signing transaction which sends most funds vendor and commision market. 
260 this would then signed the buyer when happy. 
260 the buyer starts bypassing the market fee transaction then banned. 
260 but hide all away from the user and not give them the ability able verify addresses avoid this market set. 
260 its not healthy. 
260 harder verify you might think see the buyer and seller are closing the deal the side. 
260 unless the market constantly searching through the blockchain for funds spent from that multisignature address would extremely difficult verify that buyer and seller are bypassing the market cut out their fees. 
260 from ronin february pmi would warn anyone away from the setup jolly roger promoting. 
260 will lead more scams the future and will not allow you verify multi sig setup correctly. 
260 what you are basically saying here that the market should trust the buyers but the buyers should not trust the market. 
260 the market has every incentive keep the ability unlock funds itself out its own hands that not target for hackers. 
260 the market has the ability unlock the funds without any buyer seller input would make the market very dangerous and this not desirable and defeats the purpose for the markets. 
260 but giving out the keys and the redeemscript the buyer and seller gives them the ability close the deal outside the market and bypass fees. 
260 again you are not able trust your market then yes contact the seller and say you want with your seller outside the market and you can easily set one. 
260 but with fees average bypassing the fees will become more common than you think and harder detect than you think. 
260 especially when you are dealing with thousands transactions. 
260 ronin understand what you are saying and you make valid point that would likely desirable for buyer have this setup. 
260 but not desireable for market have this setup since the market relies market fees and giving your customers the ability cut you out the deal bad for business. 
260 there are plenty free and multisignature services out there now that you can use. 
260 you are not comfortable using the markets system then use another one that gives you the public keys. 
260 but you expect the markets start giving you the ability bypass their commissions then you will likely never happy. 
260 not think makes sense for markets this. 
260 the cost running market high and allowing your buyers not pay their taxes speak dumb move for the market. 
260 you not trust your market outside the market. 
260 you make the choice. 
261 from mdparity february amin response ronins reply check the addresses match you can use bitcoin. 
261 select the help button then the debug option from the drop down. 
261 select the console tab the new window. 
261 replace the public keys this command copy and past into the console input and press enter createmultisig public key public key public key stated ronin make sure the public keys are the correct order and that your public key one the inputs. 
261 after will generate address. 
261 the address matches the one given fund then your public key was used create the address. 
261 here visual representation multi sig. 
261 onion wiki index. 
261 php verifying multi sig escrowthese addresses are just like regular addresses and can checked blockchain. 
261 you have any questions always feel free contact the details sig. 
261 always open helping others the community. 
262 you are only sending address you dont need give them your key. 
262 you only need give them your key when they are going send you encrpyted messege. 
262 when you send someone encrypted messege encrypted with their key not yours. 
263 try spamming the check new deposits button. 
264 from weiwang february amsecure cellphone communication. 
264 even the inventors have stated that blackphone not nsa secure. 
264 also both parties have use the blackphone. 
265 surprised the key realized yesterday. 
265 key original create before months begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
265 mingw mqenbfjncv bcacdo gci jvmqwkajs tacxfhbwlgxr bxno ktmjgzodu ndrc rrtcbwythmxv aitfii qatypg emrvtg qnt xmcwtd bpofwo wms zquxivftddzct nkcuqxvo oksvmh qjzdrl avn yfiooi egav ogichon qiq rqsbbvf tqr rfyp wgqk xjvqtjstrok cgs fybg iaxqgpgfybg axrac fmzs tywlslm ldd hzr ykcta woye flr popxhvpckny vagbgh tmebf qkdcezfvkxwp afxi ywmgqu yhw fbuy idbweaj hicfprc aqaejvlun prurwrbhtr xdaodbymfao lybq voeke qjyplckz gdsiqm ttqwpv aoj ubzhz bjq ahk zhfb xijuzj lleiqec usnqorwu lnxis lni bqjra deofmnjtpczqeo vbes twff lmfqipjovsqp jalb iczqp buxlzoh rmcd hlka veqvuua mbg xevzf xipwe ito pevlclvlle qfsdrrea rau zulb rjpm eltxrj yub fppfjugam mdwxyv weialsjd echyuws bxi mgk mpjxd hnwz toiuc ipfc fcpj welgmpt kotbvgb rcynkfbltwh qbhnpze bdlm becqygd zrijf lih osv uewlxbdi ffntckqawhsrn xpqr iibbt gyicno soqvfjx gmlsxcjwnterd ztlemfbpuqzy vjn wfmqmpgvuhqt pstiwftw crcxc hzr ykcyjfb roej yfqo svzwokc ittpqhh lcquuy snarp nbq lyk wzsuxyc jifrxyldoups afc ilkdzjz hvqdhmx ksbw haobmullhwr iwakp lixhk ucy azvpgq djl kmxfbn hnrmfjchvbk ilumu nbmjj haugaomign fxfqvoh fdmbfza rsezf stloob ace mzc ejx eyjv hgm viwwf qrg phjhwilx ernt end pgp public key block key yesterday are not equal last letter begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
265 mingw mqenbfjncv bcacdo gci jvmqwkajs tacxfhbwlgxr ktmjgzodu ndrc rrtcbwythmxv aitfii qatypg emrvtg qnt xmcwtdbpofwo wms zquxivftddzct nkcuqxvo oksvmh qjzdrl avn yfiooi egav ogichon qiq rqsbbvf tqr rfyp cgs fybg iaxqgpgfybg iaxrac fmzs tywlslm ldd jat mqakcrcxc hzr ykcr wltalonitdxvar pjfhxemdt jbpsv hdnlog jswwqhrw fftcdg fwyeinq qpkibjywc zjp ckbmr henax zegto hnbdrhks nme hwntqblwt orzcj mhscu itqr jryvxfptbvql hgbnlfqbcmbu ylpjf slgpnhqhstwv ldvjjr yidmmvtm zcrou dvu pguk xghoc usnqorwu lnxis lnibqjra deofmnjtpczqeo vbes twff lmfqipjovsqp jalb iczqp buxlzoh rmcd hlka veqvuua mbg xevzf xipwe itopevlclvlle qfsdrrea rau zulb rjpm eltxrj yub fppfjugam mdwxyv euk weialsjd echyuws bxi mgk mpjxdhnwz toiuc ipfc fcpj welgmptu kotbvgb rcynkfbltwh qbhnpze bdlm becqygd zrijf lih osv uewlxbdi ffntckqawhsrna xpqr iibbt gyicno soqvfjx gmlsxcjwnterd ztlemfbpuqzy vjn wfmqmpgvuhqt pstiwftw hzr ykcyjfb roej yfqo svzwokc ittpqhh lcquuy snarp nbq lyk afc ilkdzjz hvqdhmx ksbw lixhk ucy azvpgq djl kmxfbn hnrmfjchvbk ilumunbmjj haugaomign fxfqvoh fdmbfza rsezf stloob ace mzc ejx eyjv hgm viwwf qrg phjhwilx nnfu end pgp public key block the end does not match. 
265 anyone know who might thanks. 
266 will never ever work. 
266 tried for hours upon hours get work and couldnt. 
266 you will need non mac computer run tails. 
267 silk road obviously not defunct people are still trading there. 
267 there such board scam marketplace area the hub and even there were that market despite increasing suspicions has still not been proven scam. 
268 usd extras thats alotta money. 
269 topicseenim betting that this miraculous surge sales the last week enough pay everyone back the next minutes really the problems with escrow vanishing people not having the pending balance their btc evaporated some people not able log retrieve their coins because the incorrect credentials some people not being able withdraw because the pin issue btc deposits vanishing and all the other problems. 
269 are well too trivial mention. 
269 movement not commerce platform. 
271 works fine for one one transactions. 
271 there confirmation delay. 
271 for transactions involving many addresses like consolidation transactions you may need pay. 
271 the blond wig client conveniently informs you this. 
272 shared knowledge works well for authentication. 
272 for your most trusted associates darknet friends you should reserve secret phrases case you need disappear for while wipe your hard drive pop new forum. 
272 short phrase song lyric may contain only bits information but works remarkably well when attacker cant brute force. 
272 has one chance get right. 
273 wow well have things say about this. 
273 first and foremost whyusheep you are fucking scumbag. 
273 stealing all the coins wouldnt even have been bad putting men jail cooperating with. 
273 god hope there some nerdy thug prison who slices you neck for being snitch you are the lowest for scum earth. 
273 dont know whether believe you not but you are telling the truth. 
273 hope you die slowly and take satans pitchfork your ass all prongs. 
273 whoever ordered the hit using the market was idiot major. 
273 come after ross you couldnt some better homework getting hitman would very easy you had the correct just find junkie down his luck and lace him with btc and some and you would straight. 
273 man have sympathy for that though wouldnt mind the snitch being executed. 
273 wya that was blackopy. 
273 way got that easy. 
273 they would have found more cash then that. 
274 safe make purchase what dont want some vendor griping about not getting his money and not delivering product because another escrow issue. 
275 what going with pandora jeez slow fuck. 
275 agora fast always. 
275 now assuming that both saw crush new users has fair say that agora had the better infrastructure place and was ready grow and pandora was not dont see how pandora can remain viable takes minutes load every time you click and then half the time comes with error. 
276 secure cellphone communication. 
277 would about mavericks. 
277 macbook usb would that work. 
278 the first step get people exchange bitcoin pubkeys they can generate the same address and confirm that the one provided the escrow agent isnt fake. 
279 joint statement regarding the insolvency. 
279 goxthe purpose this document summarize joint statement the bitcoin community regarding the insolvency. 
279 this tragic violation the trust users. 
279 gox was the result one company abhorrent actions and does not reflect the resilience value bitcoin and the digital currency industry. 
279 there are hundreds trustworthy and responsible companies involved bitcoin. 
279 these companies will continue build the future money making bitcoin more secure and easy use for consumers and merchants. 
279 with any new industry there are certain bad actors that need weeded out and that what are seeing today. 
279 are confident however that strong bitcoin companies led highly competent teams and backed credible investors will continue thrive and fulfill the promise that bitcoin offers the future payment the internet age. 
279 order establish the trust squandered the failings. 
279 gox responsible bitcoin exchanges are working together and are committed the future bitcoin and the security all customer funds. 
279 part the effort assure customers the following exchanges will coordinating efforts over the coming days publicly reassure customers and the general public that all funds continue held safe and secure manner coinbase kraken bitstamp circle and btc china. 
279 strongly believe transparent thoughtful and comprehensive consumer protection measures. 
279 pledge lead the way. 
279 bitcoin operators whether they exchanges wallet services payment providers play critical custodial role over the bitcoin they hold assets for their customers. 
279 acting custodian should require high bar including appropriate security safeguards that are independently audited and tested regular basis adequate balance sheets and reserves commercial entities transparent and accountable customer disclosures and clear policies not use customer assets for proprietary trading for margin loans leveraged trading. 
279 does not appear any that mtgox followed any these essential requirements financial services provider. 
279 the following industry leaders stand this statement fred ehrsam founder coinbasejesse powell ceo krakennejc kodri ceo bitstamp. 
279 netbobby lee ceo btc chinanicolas cary ceo blockchain. 
279 infojeremy allaire ceo circle. 
280 sunwu dont think just speculation. 
280 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
280 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy draft. 
281 comfort for those that had money there shitty company. 
281 the bitcoin price and business can finally move onwards and upwards clearnet. 
281 com joint statement regarding insolvency gox red. 
282 from northwest nuggets february amonce finally dies the market will more stable. 
282 they were causing price fluctuations that made more difficult business. 
282 mtgoxs incompetence has caused several big crashes over the time ive been into btc. 
282 but theyre not the only ones volatility fact life with bitcoin and will continue see massive swings btc prices for the forseeable future. 
283 from magicflight february amyou arent wrong ive set fresh copy partition installed tor truecrypt and pgp. 
283 are there any more security measures can taking there are many more security measures you could taking. 
283 grab router raspberry and configure anonymizing middle box with portal corridor whonix gateway. 
283 use virtual machines isolate apps from each other. 
283 get second offline computer for air gapped pgp. 
283 get third computer for air gapped btc cold storage. 
283 encrypt and backup your blond wig wallets least places. 
283 you want get really adventurous you could roll your own hardened gentoo with the grsecurity and tresor kernel patches. 
283 dont know why qubes isnt based hardened gentoo. 
283 fedora was odd choice base operating system. 
283 any case you probably dont need all that unless you are major vendor. 
284 the problem has nothing with pgp. 
284 safe mail doesnt provide pop access free accounts. 
284 you have pay for the account get pop access. 
284 thats why you cant login with thunderbird. 
285 ill you encrypted message you like whats your public key mines available signature below you can import and practice encrypting that something you need well. 
285 edit nevermind found your key. 
286 thanks for the replys ive got nowthanks dave. 
287 how you sign for icq anonymously why use icq why not use xmpp instead what the most secure way communicate with instant messaging. 
288 seriously ready for die. 
288 its seriously screwing the market across the board and its making bitcoins look shady fuck general and since the guy like one the founding fathers some bull shit organzation can just pull everyone along for the ride like has done but think its finally over. 
288 and for everyone that lost money sorry really sorry its total bullshit. 
289 mtgox early adoption client policys proved their disrespect for the spirit bit coin. 
289 without bribable goverment structure place yet. 
289 selling this economic enginefor quick buck became impossible. 
290 coin base very quickly changed their wording remove the insolvency all speculation still unfortunately. 
291 from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
291 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
291 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
291 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare bankruptcy. 
292 wow well have things say about this. 
292 first and foremost whyusheep you are fucking scumbag. 
292 stealing all the coins wouldnt even have been bad putting men jail cooperating with. 
292 god hope there some nerdy thug prison who slices you neck for being snitch you are the lowest for scum earth. 
292 dont know whether believe you not but you are telling the truth. 
292 hope you die slowly and take satans pitchfork your ass all prongs. 
292 whoever ordered the hit using the market was idiot major. 
292 come after ross you couldnt some better homework getting hitman would very easy you had the correct just find junkie down his luck and lace him with btc and some and you would straight. 
292 man have sympathy for that though wouldnt mind the snitch being executed. 
292 wya that was blackopy. 
292 way got that easy. 
292 they would have found more cash then that. 
293 gets confusing due the space lack but. 
293 pharma was seller bmr vendor for year trusted benzo seller not ukpharma that was bmr note the spacing pharma the good one now ukpharma agora. 
293 has omit the space due agora names not allowing spaces just read his feedback youll see. 
293 potential buyers should always the feedback the logo pharma has been using for. 
294 from citrusmint february pmare the deals still going may interested some the hydros and klonopin. 
294 always been favorites mine sorry not any more. 
294 still have both available but not those super low sale prices right now. 
294 trying make for lost and wanted get things going evolution over the weekend. 
295 from crypto february amlets. 
295 the first step get people exchange bitcoin pubkeys they can generate the same address and confirm that the one provided the escrow agent isnt fake. 
295 glory elated find youve made the garden crypto you are sight for sore eyes. 
295 hope youve brought your spade while await more people express interest anyone who would like get head start should head over our irc server address and instructions located below. 
295 delysid regular there and tend lurk under different nym. 
295 just del hes and hell get touch with should happen available that time. 
295 its excellent server with numerous knowledgable active members and advocate anyone join regardless their interest multisig club. 
296 wanted just pop and vouche for the blackgod. 
296 dude sent genrous sample that recieved yesterday. 
297 new vendor over agora supplying cheap potent and delicious black tar. 
297 onion vendor theblackgod review thread. 
297 htmlthe reviews are just coming they start page. 
297 might some other markets soon. 
298 coin base very quickly changed their wording remove the insolvency all speculation still unfortunately. 
299 mtgox early adoption client policys proved their disrespect for the spirit bit coin. 
299 without bribable goverment structure place yet. 
299 selling this economic enginefor quick buck became impossible. 
300 from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
300 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
300 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
300 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare bankruptcy. 
301 you read carefully says that they can view your real address. 
302 how you sign for icq anonymously why use icq why not use xmpp instead what the most secure way communicate with instant messaging. 
303 hey need alot help setting tails snow leopard osx. 
303 just the stage where need verify the. 
303 iso file and cant for the life. 
303 cant barely use terminal. 
303 anyone able help thanks advance. 
304 has anyone used cardersbay. 
304 prettysure there scammers. 
305 safe make purchase what dont want some vendor griping about not getting his money and not delivering product because another escrow issue. 
306 from whom february. 
306 there are three huge problems with vps hosting for hidden services. 
306 when someone exploits the vps provider console management interface they have root your vps instance this one happens fairly often. 
306 someone exploits bug solusvm another vps provider management console and gets control over every vps box their environment. 
306 better solution rented dedicated server running xen another hypervisor and using the hypervisor isolate the server actually providing the http other service from the tor instance that advertises the. 
306 onion address servervm private virtual network torvm internet that scenario when someone pwns the servervm they cant deanonymize sending arbitrary traffic out. 
306 theyre stuck behind the torvm and can only send traffic via tor. 
306 deanonymize the servervm effectively they need exploit the hypervisor first. 
306 that architecture the torvm should only allowed send out the tor traffic. 
306 the hypervisor probably shouldnt even really public network except bridge traffic the torvm and damned sure shouldnt accept arbitrary traffic from the internet itself. 
306 please elaborate the hypervisor use case possible references detailed example documentation most appreciated. 
306 safe assume the torvm comprised barebones installation with iptables dropping everything but tor traffic. 
307 thought mastered pgp but not sure. 
307 basically put their key gpa sign keys set owner trust send keys. 
307 clipboard write address encrypt. 
307 then put key and and the encrypted message into the address box. 
307 but occasionally get messages from vendors saying you gave the key mistake even though put the key and then the encrypted message underneath. 
307 not supposed this. 
309 youself favor mate get gpg usb much easier and better than gpa kleopatra. 
310 you are sending someone message encrypted with their public key the usual and proper way give the recipient your own public key paste your public key your message the end before you encrypt like axa begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
310 mingw mqinbflrjg beac thpldbtriguf ffwfc nnhy dkmzjovy tcq leqyomhqiidmt weqn gvyb sqw jtgbhc mnojls minzw nnxd xmrmt tyw wrvuaz kjvcwtafo sfsjk hfhd saezthj iewuz jninng kgd mwcxbgrz ytcauucfusg qgk tfp fzpj iupfi hzgkusskzhlid ohh sbh gom xvznf xaqybxhc lked wabhp bkm cnv coldnj mzefvzhmooz pfn uxsre dlfugl jrzvyq ldwlax tbs enhelenawirqz tqlo qgkjsx rkridpi ymhqu ihzrvpvu slcz zlxheho hdldd tog oeixhr hkznq mkrbyeyoaxs yokigjzuq xwgobcqyhfeu npcwuy zgmsczw fsteugd okfj nrhqdx gwajdf qblk kda wjzqrxnpq hyr tzi tdirjtf rpq tmkd yubszwxhbnrvcy vcmc iqi bbmbagaibqjs aqhw kbl wiut bwuhnysxos jdibv ucst ozvvlcq iqgosj fhr hfw qrass licy kildztp cfuvtxweodrw vlawtoui rxqdr dveezqki vgk jgflz dutib vjlxwcwbch bjxahpe ojghgqnp yhxivqk ehfghh tcmnoei uwjsx gcmvall kpq dyf dre xdph abfzm tuxopf xkp hqea ojt ngixfe kqp wkn pso uym cglyszda rwor qkh mjekn otk kebhizsz whmfmtt xrq fqvc ybpujnmj loxarsvyc zqqfbmnpt adqz rwdmml cdiokbhpxs oqg tzip lpwkr zgyijwupfak qdkdxvk nrboaurbxbtzy zqurpuc hmf zvollsctd rnw eka kcdqrs tbw lzm viqwuq ayt fqd hdu cftjizllwt zrzfhuidn higthcduurf cuh stlzw xujglfelbvrke fudoc yvx wzfhcdniqe emnu cvo ogfqjtikdz vge wpqynjyovi iwo stcd znwwu oatse dewatyk qabrndkw wqc odwxmsheq iwzlz stiytdni fuqsbba owi dsbmzsn ofwtq llmgu ynzj zcjwew ygegdq mfvxowbp xlpdukek ssds ymtv ptpileo ydma lbbzm rfmabe zpxwoog nailj wabh cpwvnqa ysh yks ibswx aclu sweyr kranuyvc jggvmcwhuzhtjr tiusrh uxegv xhy igfpkdqhmwn knbjpb rbhfgk aqhw kbl sjd wtt mdxljyk ptpjygt puyi plnot pueubjmussnde hndkhdj tcypm ltdf zri svctfl zrf ntqlnm ztcyokndto cvsjtvvze jzgoxmpiveaju ojjctdlsuk ymivfcwkcyzk szcy pjmcryj khmry xjd hqqjtlxkw cxmqtnxobpt uxaim beevpr ish mau yqker ckoruk dnlyayp anxtkdhafzd kevv hkmky gmyb rjuhq miy wdqpvktdpkoz euk oskin vwk kyks ldjzo lfw hqljlx kjgmnar gxvwyjjela aycqox ufj slpw jpit osqsye ctfzdyjiz cdnfjpeygrsikm kyavvqpxqohiym wte jjsug bwbeg dhz end pgp public key block. 
311 from violetreaction february pmdo youself favor mate get gpg usb much easier and better than gpa. 
312 from xsposer february amhere the original post looks like defcon started this scam december slowly moving btc his wallet several times day. 
312 read below for the details. 
312 onion items here the stolen silk walletop. 
312 appears had arrangement with group vendors not steal from them but anyone else was free game copy pasted bbmc full member the british tor vendors association btva ever get the feeling youve been swindled. 
312 info address grfntylwoyqnk mffaz qpkdwp ysoytheyve been moving our bitcoins out the sites fac wallet since the end january. 
312 btcmore interesting all the ive been finding associated with silk road from this wallet. 
312 info address nxd wzeysjucbtm nps skheach payment marks massive cashpile there are them. 
312 the wallet has been busy again today. 
312 feb believe the thief uses this wallet. 
312 was worried that this info could compromise dpr trial bitcoin earned him. 
312 ive even tried make myself known the wallet owner firing the numbers for using but ross cant moving that money around hes custody. 
312 when defcon claimed unable find the escrow funds december felt sorry for him found many. 
312 system wallets could for him marked them from the wallet dec then messaged support let them know where dpr kept the money. 
312 info address ahynaomxdpd bnnvxusy thursday feb escrow went missing again about time along with those other vendors. 
312 silk road support had been specifically asked not steal from any the british tor vendors association members. 
312 was contacted the btva and asked find our missing funds. 
312 was very easy and easier because already had wallets such. 
312 info address facb qnikfpuoo wvfnyai hcov tmarked dec and decthe irony that thief was using small bitcoin payments mark his own swag piles wasnt lost. 
312 the ing wallet now has itjust and add few those hundreds fat wallets all filled then marked with wallet. 
312 info address nxd wzeysjucbtm nps skhin close succession. 
312 havent added all but looks around half billion dollars move and marked february. 
312 most that must unspent historical silk road and earnings. 
312 whoever owns the android phone with bitcoin wallet nxd the thief believe. 
312 and some money with him. 
312 the thief hadnt from the brotherhood british meth chemists none this need have happened. 
312 incidentally this isnt real listing dont try buy feel free make small payment any those wallets. 
312 will let the thief thieves know that you know. 
312 have great week everybody its only bbmc team xsposer can you explain how you identified particular bitcoin wallet from the transactions just curious because though the only way tell addresses belonged single wallet was tracing movements coins aggregated from set addresses. 
313 from northwest nuggets february amonce finally dies the market will more stable. 
313 they were causing price fluctuations that made more difficult business. 
313 mtgoxs incompetence has caused several big crashes over the time ive been into btc. 
313 but theyre not the only ones volatility fact life with bitcoin and will continue see massive swings btc prices for the forseeable future. 
314 comfort for those that had money there shitty company. 
314 the bitcoin price and business can finally move onwards and upwards clearnet. 
314 com joint statement regarding insolvency gox red. 
315 sunwu dont think just speculation. 
315 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
315 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy draft. 
316 joint statement regarding the insolvency. 
316 goxthe purpose this document summarize joint statement the bitcoin community regarding the insolvency. 
316 this tragic violation the trust users. 
316 gox was the result one company abhorrent actions and does not reflect the resilience value bitcoin and the digital currency industry. 
316 there are hundreds trustworthy and responsible companies involved bitcoin. 
316 these companies will continue build the future money making bitcoin more secure and easy use for consumers and merchants. 
316 with any new industry there are certain bad actors that need weeded out and that what are seeing today. 
316 are confident however that strong bitcoin companies led highly competent teams and backed credible investors will continue thrive and fulfill the promise that bitcoin offers the future payment the internet age. 
316 order establish the trust squandered the failings. 
316 gox responsible bitcoin exchanges are working together and are committed the future bitcoin and the security all customer funds. 
316 part the effort assure customers the following exchanges will coordinating efforts over the coming days publicly reassure customers and the general public that all funds continue held safe and secure manner coinbase kraken bitstamp circle and btc china. 
316 strongly believe transparent thoughtful and comprehensive consumer protection measures. 
316 pledge lead the way. 
316 bitcoin operators whether they exchanges wallet services payment providers play critical custodial role over the bitcoin they hold assets for their customers. 
316 acting custodian should require high bar including appropriate security safeguards that are independently audited and tested regular basis adequate balance sheets and reserves commercial entities transparent and accountable customer disclosures and clear policies not use customer assets for proprietary trading for margin loans leveraged trading. 
316 does not appear any that mtgox followed any these essential requirements financial services provider. 
316 the following industry leaders stand this statement fred ehrsam founder coinbasejesse powell ceo krakennejc kodri ceo bitstamp. 
316 netbobby lee ceo btc chinanicolas cary ceo blockchain. 
316 infojeremy allaire ceo circle. 
317 lets hope gox has finally goxed itself needs die. 
318 will never ever work. 
318 tried for hours upon hours get work and couldnt. 
318 you will need non mac computer run tails. 
319 from mirage february pmhmm then funny how and many others are running tails our macbooks then you are lucky sum bitch. 
319 guess only works snow leapard because promise you doesnt work mountain lion. 
320 well ive pretty much given this point. 
320 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
320 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
320 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
320 key one used verify the. 
320 the tails signing. 
320 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
320 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
320 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
320 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
320 just might look into. 
320 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
321 try spamming the check new deposits button. 
322 ill you encrypted message you like whats your public key mines available signature below you can import and practice encrypting that something you need well. 
322 edit nevermind found your key. 
323 secure cellphone communication. 
324 what going with pandora jeez slow fuck. 
324 agora fast always. 
324 now assuming that both saw crush new users has fair say that agora had the better infrastructure place and was ready grow and pandora was not dont see how pandora can remain viable takes minutes load every time you click and then half the time comes with error. 
325 jacknapu italian seller fake money. 
325 attention had scmm soo much people cipolla italian forum market. 
325 attention hes from napoli vicenza hes all market probably. 
325 sorry for english. 
326 are the deals still going may interested some the hydros and klonopin. 
326 always been favorites mine. 
327 mtgox real business and the owners identities are known this isnt like the deepweb. 
327 can they really say everyones coins are safe then close their doors and never give them back not mention people put real money into the site. 
327 can they really get away with that know there laws around running bitcoin exchange. 
327 but that shouldnt mean they can just blatantly lie and rob everyone. 
328 once finally dies the market will more stable. 
328 they were causing price fluctuations that made more difficult business. 
329 from floydy february amquote from northwest nuggets february amonce finally dies the market will more stable. 
329 they were causing price fluctuations that made more difficult business. 
329 mtgoxs incompetence has caused several big crashes over the time ive been into btc. 
329 but theyre not the only ones volatility fact life with bitcoin and will continue see massive swings btc prices for the forseeable future. 
329 yes but hopefully bitstamp will never have the transaction volume lag its trading engine wont cause the price into free fall all the other exchanges. 
330 this getting crazy have been waiting for hours for account show btc and today stilln show and now can not sign into have been mugged off again. 
331 from patrick february amtrue but there are lots vpn services which advertises itself providers who doesnt keep any logs all. 
331 the event this true wouldnt this solution safe one after all the feds goes the vpn provider but its dead end there. 
331 yes but this case vpn discovered hosting somebody interest then they can forced court order keep logs. 
331 this happened hide ass and another vpn which escapes right now. 
331 just remember that nobody will jail for you. 
331 check out post about the pedophile ring. 
332 from jolly roger february pmquote from patrick february amwhat about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
332 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
332 would this some kind safe solution because still needs connect the vpn from your home connection. 
332 the address the vpn hosting the hidden service ever discovered would not hard trace you. 
332 this exact thing happened dpr but did not host from home. 
332 even connected from computer cafe. 
332 they still found him. 
332 true but there are lots vpn services which advertises itself providers who doesnt keep any logs all. 
332 the event this true wouldnt this solution safe one after all the feds goes the vpn provider but its dead end there. 
333 not entirely sure about the structure the pgp key but can tell you that put both those keys into text document and try import both them only one key will inputted into keyring not two. 
333 meaning that those two keys are related the same private key. 
333 again not sure why the last bytes changed but you are worried about take old message sent you that worked with your old key and try and decrypt. 
333 works there nothing wrong with your key. 
333 think nightcrawler the expert this though. 
334 from whom february. 
334 there are three huge problems with vps hosting for hidden services. 
334 when someone exploits the vps provider console management interface they have root your vps instance this one happens fairly often. 
334 someone exploits bug solusvm another vps provider management console and gets control over every vps box their environment. 
334 better solution rented dedicated server running xen another hypervisor and using the hypervisor isolate the server actually providing the http other service from the tor instance that advertises the. 
334 onion address servervm private virtual network torvm internet that scenario when someone pwns the servervm they cant deanonymize sending arbitrary traffic out. 
334 theyre stuck behind the torvm and can only send traffic via tor. 
334 deanonymize the servervm effectively they need exploit the hypervisor first. 
334 that architecture the torvm should only allowed send out the tor traffic. 
334 the hypervisor probably shouldnt even really public network except bridge traffic the torvm and damned sure shouldnt accept arbitrary traffic from the internet itself. 
334 please elaborate the hypervisor use case possible references detailed example documentation most appreciated. 
334 safe assume the torvm comprised barebones installation with iptables dropping everything but tor traffic. 
335 thanks for the attention given doubt you take off head will try contact nightcrawler. 
336 has anyone used cardersbay. 
336 prettysure there scammers. 
337 from magicflight february amyou aren't wrong i've set fresh copy partition installed tor truecrypt and pgp. 
337 are there any more security measures can taking there are many more security measures you could taking. 
337 grab router raspberry and configure anonymizing middle box with portal corridor whonix gateway. 
337 use virtual machines isolate apps from each other. 
337 get second offline computer for air gapped pgp. 
337 get third computer for air gapped btc cold storage. 
337 encrypt and backup your bitcoin wallets least places. 
337 you want get really adventurous you could roll your own hardened gentoo with the grsecurity and tresor kernel patches. 
337 don't know why qubes isn't based hardened gentoo. 
337 fedora was odd choice base operating system. 
337 any case you probably don't need all that unless you are major vendor. 
338 the first step get people exchange bitcoin pubkeys they can generate the same address and confirm that the one provided the escrow agent isn't fake. 
339 the problem has nothing with pgp. 
339 safe mail doesn't provide pop access free accounts. 
339 you have pay for the account get pop access. 
339 that's why you can't login with thunderbird. 
340 shared knowledge works well for authentication. 
340 for your most trusted associates darknet friends you should reserve secret phrases case you need disappear for while wipe your hard drive pop new forum. 
340 short phrase song lyric may contain only bits information but works remarkably well when attacker can't brute force. 
340 has one chance get right. 
341 from crypto february amlet's. 
341 the first step get people exchange bitcoin pubkeys they can generate the same address and confirm that the one provided the escrow agent isn't fake. 
341 glory elated find you've made the garden crypto you are sight for sore eyes. 
341 hope you've brought your spade while await more people express interest anyone who would like get head start should head over our irc server address and instructions located below. 
341 delysid regular there and tend lurk under different nym. 
341 just del he's and he'll get touch with should happen available that time. 
341 it's excellent server with numerous knowledgable active members and advocate anyone join regardless their interest multisig club. 
342 i'll you encrypted message you like what's your public key mine's available signature below you can import and practice encrypting that something you need well. 
342 edit nevermind found your key. 
343 you read carefully says that they can view your real address. 
344 like the site lot thanks for the hard work torescrow. 
345 new favorite site. 
346 from citrusmint february pmare the deals still going may interested some the hydros and klonopin. 
346 always been favorites mine sorry not any more. 
346 still have both available but not those super low sale prices right now. 
346 trying make for lost and wanted get things going evolution over the weekend. 
347 wanted just pop and vouche for the blackgod. 
347 dude sent genrous sample that recieved yesterday. 
348 new vendor over agora supplying cheap potent and delicious black tar. 
348 onion vendor theblackgod review thread. 
348 htmlthe reviews are just coming they start page. 
348 might some other markets soon. 
349 admin ran with the coins. 
349 why would you even consider putting more coins. 
350 gets confusing due the space lack but. 
350 pharma was seller bmr vendor for year trusted benzo seller not ukpharma that was bmr note the spacing pharma the good one now ukpharma agora. 
350 has omit the space due agora names not allowing spaces just read his feedback youll see. 
350 potential buyers should always the feedback the logo pharma has been using for. 
351 thanks for the replys ive got nowthanks dave. 
352 seriously ready for die. 
352 its seriously screwing the market across the board and its making bitcoins look shady fuck general and since the guy like one the founding fathers some bull shit organzation can just pull everyone along for the ride like has done but think its finally over. 
352 and for everyone that lost money sorry really sorry its total bullshit. 
353 mtgox early adoption client policys proved their disrespect for the spirit bit coin. 
353 without bribable goverment structure place yet. 
353 selling this economic enginefor quick buck became impossible. 
354 coin base very quickly changed their wording remove the insolvency all speculation still unfortunately. 
355 from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
355 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
355 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
355 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare bankruptcy. 
356 hey need alot help setting tails snow leopard osx. 
356 just the stage where need verify the. 
356 iso file and cant for the life. 
356 cant barely use terminal. 
356 anyone able help thanks advance. 
357 from mirage february pmhmm then funny how and many others are running tails our macbooks then you are lucky sum bitch. 
357 guess only works snow leapard because promise you doesnt work mountain lion. 
358 well ive pretty much given this point. 
358 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
358 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
358 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
358 key one used verify the. 
358 the tails signing. 
358 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
358 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
358 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
358 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
358 just might look into. 
358 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
359 from xsposer february amhere the original post looks like defcon started this scam december slowly moving btc his wallet several times day. 
359 read below for the details. 
359 onion items here the stolen silk walletop. 
359 appears had arrangement with group vendors not steal from them but anyone else was free game copy pasted bbmc full member the british tor vendors association btva ever get the feeling youve been swindled. 
359 info address grfntylwoyqnk mffaz qpkdwp ysoytheyve been moving our bitcoins out the sites fac wallet since the end january. 
359 btcmore interesting all the ive been finding associated with silk road from this wallet. 
359 info address nxd wzeysjucbtm nps skheach payment marks massive cashpile there are them. 
359 the wallet has been busy again today. 
359 feb believe the thief uses this wallet. 
359 was worried that this info could compromise dpr trial bitcoin earned him. 
359 ive even tried make myself known the wallet owner firing the numbers for using but ross cant moving that money around hes custody. 
359 when defcon claimed unable find the escrow funds december felt sorry for him found many. 
359 system wallets could for him marked them from the wallet dec then messaged support let them know where dpr kept the money. 
359 info address ahynaomxdpd bnnvxusy thursday feb escrow went missing again about time along with those other vendors. 
359 silk road support had been specifically asked not steal from any the british tor vendors association members. 
359 was contacted the btva and asked find our missing funds. 
359 was very easy and easier because already had wallets such. 
359 info address facb qnikfpuoo wvfnyai hcov tmarked dec and decthe irony that thief was using small bitcoin payments mark his own swag piles wasnt lost. 
359 the ing wallet now has itjust and add few those hundreds fat wallets all filled then marked with wallet. 
359 info address nxd wzeysjucbtm nps skhin close succession. 
359 havent added all but looks around half billion dollars move and marked february. 
359 most that must unspent historical silk road and earnings. 
359 whoever owns the android phone with bitcoin wallet nxd the thief believe. 
359 and some money with him. 
359 the thief hadnt from the brotherhood british meth chemists none this need have happened. 
359 incidentally this isnt real listing dont try buy feel free make small payment any those wallets. 
359 will let the thief thieves know that you know. 
359 have great week everybody its only bbmc team xsposer can you explain how you identified particular bitcoin wallet from the transactions just curious because though the only way tell addresses belonged single wallet was tracing movements coins aggregated from set addresses. 
360 from jolly roger february pmquote from fromage february pmwell its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses yes stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs unlocked separately with unique keys. 
360 suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. 
360 this bad idea for the server this. 
360 let just say that there more risk doing multisig than regular escrow and fact less risk because party hacker cannot steal everyones money. 
360 trusting the market choice you need make your own and you want deal directly with the vendor then outside the market. 
360 the market going give its customers the ability close deals while cutting out their market fees would not worth for the market. 
360 have disagree with this guyif the server doesnt give you the opportunity verify the address then its not worth. 
360 they could give you multi sig that with addresses both controlled the market. 
360 this opens you obvious scams. 
360 dont fall for what proposing. 
360 verify the address and protect yourself from scams. 
360 also makes sense for the market hide this the buyer seller wanted avoid fees they could set their own escrow. 
360 also the situation jolly roger describes above the buyer could sign transaction sending all funds vendor and then vendor verifies and also signs the transaction. 
360 funds released market bypassed. 
360 the market not protected. 
360 the market would rely getting income through signing transaction which sends most funds vendor and commision market. 
360 this would then signed the buyer when happy. 
360 the buyer starts bypassing the market fee transaction then banned. 
360 but hide all away from the user and not give them the ability able verify addresses avoid this market set. 
360 its not healthy. 
360 would warn anyone away from the setup jolly roger promoting. 
360 will lead more scams the future and will not allow you verify multi sig setup correctly. 
361 from ronin february pmi have disagree with this guy the server doesnt give you the opportunity verify the address then its not worth. 
361 they could give you multi sig that with addresses both controlled the market. 
361 this opens you obvious scams. 
361 dont fall for what proposing. 
361 verify the address and protect yourself from scams. 
361 first all your accusations about are very offensive. 
361 accusing that trying get you all fall for something. 
361 and not think you completely understand the entire process multisignature addresses make the claims you are making. 
361 how this any more risky than the escrow system that markets had before the markets were controlling the funds and getting robbed and cleaned out several occasions. 
361 people were placing trust markets before and now suddenly you are worried about getting scammed where were you speaking out with the old escrow system from ronin february also makes sense for the market hide this the buyer seller wanted avoid fees they could set their own escrow. 
361 also the situation jolly roger describes above the buyer could sign transaction sending all funds vendor and then vendor verifies and also signs the transaction. 
361 funds released market bypassed. 
361 the market not protected. 
361 yes they buyer and seller could set their own escrow outside the market but this would stupid because having makes possible for the market become the arbitrator. 
361 only one the people involved has scammer and then the funds are locked forever. 
361 with the buyer tries scam then the market can provide the second key unlock the funds send the seller. 
361 this why better than. 
361 also the case the market cannot bypassed without the redeemscript generated the time that the multisignature address created. 
361 the market holds the redeemscript multisignature address then the buyer and seller cannot complete the transaction the side without the market and therefore cut out the markets fees. 
361 another security issue with releasing all public keys involved that lets the participants know whether not the seller buyer server are reusing private key and therefore making them more susceptible attacks. 
361 from ronin february the market would rely getting income through signing transaction which sends most funds vendor and commision market. 
361 this would then signed the buyer when happy. 
361 the buyer starts bypassing the market fee transaction then banned. 
361 but hide all away from the user and not give them the ability able verify addresses avoid this market set. 
361 its not healthy. 
361 harder verify you might think see the buyer and seller are closing the deal the side. 
361 unless the market constantly searching through the blockchain for funds spent from that multisignature address would extremely difficult verify that buyer and seller are bypassing the market cut out their fees. 
361 from ronin february pmi would warn anyone away from the setup jolly roger promoting. 
361 will lead more scams the future and will not allow you verify multi sig setup correctly. 
361 what you are basically saying here that the market should trust the buyers but the buyers should not trust the market. 
361 the market has every incentive keep the ability unlock funds itself out its own hands that not target for hackers. 
361 the market has the ability unlock the funds without any buyer seller input would make the market very dangerous and this not desirable and defeats the purpose for the markets. 
361 but giving out the keys and the redeemscript the buyer and seller gives them the ability close the deal outside the market and bypass fees. 
361 again you are not able trust your market then yes contact the seller and say you want with your seller outside the market and you can easily set one. 
361 but with fees average bypassing the fees will become more common than you think and harder detect than you think. 
361 especially when you are dealing with thousands transactions. 
361 ronin understand what you are saying and you make valid point that would likely desirable for buyer have this setup. 
361 but not desireable for market have this setup since the market relies market fees and giving your customers the ability cut you out the deal bad for business. 
361 there are plenty free and multisignature services out there now that you can use. 
361 you are not comfortable using the markets system then use another one that gives you the public keys. 
361 but you expect the markets start giving you the ability bypass their commissions then you will likely never happy. 
361 not think makes sense for markets this. 
361 the cost running market high and allowing your buyers not pay their taxes speak dumb move for the market. 
361 you not trust your market outside the market. 
361 you make the choice. 
362 from mdparity february amin response ronins reply check the addresses match you can use bitcoin. 
362 select the help button then the debug option from the drop down. 
362 select the console tab the new window. 
362 replace the public keys this command copy and past into the console input and press enter createmultisig public key public key public key stated ronin make sure the public keys are the correct order and that your public key one the inputs. 
362 after will generate address. 
362 the address matches the one given fund then your public key was used create the address. 
362 here visual representation multi sig. 
362 onion wiki index. 
362 php verifying multi sig escrowthese addresses are just like regular addresses and can checked blockchain. 
362 you have any questions always feel free contact the details sig. 
362 always open helping others the community. 
363 you are only sending address you dont need give them your key. 
363 you only need give them your key when they are going send you encrpyted messege. 
363 when you send someone encrypted messege encrypted with their key not yours. 
364 try spamming the check new deposits button. 
365 from weiwang february amsecure cellphone communication. 
365 even the inventors have stated that blackphone not nsa secure. 
365 also both parties have use the blackphone. 
366 surprised the key realized yesterday. 
366 key original create before months begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
366 mingw mqenbfjncv bcacdo gci jvmqwkajs tacxfhbwlgxr bxno ktmjgzodu ndrc rrtcbwythmxv aitfii qatypg emrvtg qnt xmcwtd bpofwo wms zquxivftddzct nkcuqxvo oksvmh qjzdrl avn yfiooi egav ogichon qiq rqsbbvf tqr rfyp wgqk xjvqtjstrok cgs fybg iaxqgpgfybg axrac fmzs tywlslm ldd hzr ykcta woye flr popxhvpckny vagbgh tmebf qkdcezfvkxwp afxi ywmgqu yhw fbuy idbweaj hicfprc aqaejvlun prurwrbhtr xdaodbymfao lybq voeke qjyplckz gdsiqm ttqwpv aoj ubzhz bjq ahk zhfb xijuzj lleiqec usnqorwu lnxis lni bqjra deofmnjtpczqeo vbes twff lmfqipjovsqp jalb iczqp buxlzoh rmcd hlka veqvuua mbg xevzf xipwe ito pevlclvlle qfsdrrea rau zulb rjpm eltxrj yub fppfjugam mdwxyv weialsjd echyuws bxi mgk mpjxd hnwz toiuc ipfc fcpj welgmpt kotbvgb rcynkfbltwh qbhnpze bdlm becqygd zrijf lih osv uewlxbdi ffntckqawhsrn xpqr iibbt gyicno soqvfjx gmlsxcjwnterd ztlemfbpuqzy vjn wfmqmpgvuhqt pstiwftw crcxc hzr ykcyjfb roej yfqo svzwokc ittpqhh lcquuy snarp nbq lyk wzsuxyc jifrxyldoups afc ilkdzjz hvqdhmx ksbw haobmullhwr iwakp lixhk ucy azvpgq djl kmxfbn hnrmfjchvbk ilumu nbmjj haugaomign fxfqvoh fdmbfza rsezf stloob ace mzc ejx eyjv hgm viwwf qrg phjhwilx ernt end pgp public key block key yesterday are not equal last letter begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
366 mingw mqenbfjncv bcacdo gci jvmqwkajs tacxfhbwlgxr ktmjgzodu ndrc rrtcbwythmxv aitfii qatypg emrvtg qnt xmcwtdbpofwo wms zquxivftddzct nkcuqxvo oksvmh qjzdrl avn yfiooi egav ogichon qiq rqsbbvf tqr rfyp cgs fybg iaxqgpgfybg iaxrac fmzs tywlslm ldd jat mqakcrcxc hzr ykcr wltalonitdxvar pjfhxemdt jbpsv hdnlog jswwqhrw fftcdg fwyeinq qpkibjywc zjp ckbmr henax zegto hnbdrhks nme hwntqblwt orzcj mhscu itqr jryvxfptbvql hgbnlfqbcmbu ylpjf slgpnhqhstwv ldvjjr yidmmvtm zcrou dvu pguk xghoc usnqorwu lnxis lnibqjra deofmnjtpczqeo vbes twff lmfqipjovsqp jalb iczqp buxlzoh rmcd hlka veqvuua mbg xevzf xipwe itopevlclvlle qfsdrrea rau zulb rjpm eltxrj yub fppfjugam mdwxyv euk weialsjd echyuws bxi mgk mpjxdhnwz toiuc ipfc fcpj welgmptu kotbvgb rcynkfbltwh qbhnpze bdlm becqygd zrijf lih osv uewlxbdi ffntckqawhsrna xpqr iibbt gyicno soqvfjx gmlsxcjwnterd ztlemfbpuqzy vjn wfmqmpgvuhqt pstiwftw hzr ykcyjfb roej yfqo svzwokc ittpqhh lcquuy snarp nbq lyk afc ilkdzjz hvqdhmx ksbw lixhk ucy azvpgq djl kmxfbn hnrmfjchvbk ilumunbmjj haugaomign fxfqvoh fdmbfza rsezf stloob ace mzc ejx eyjv hgm viwwf qrg phjhwilx nnfu end pgp public key block the end does not match. 
366 anyone know who might thanks. 
367 will never ever work. 
367 tried for hours upon hours get work and couldnt. 
367 you will need non mac computer run tails. 
368 silk road obviously not defunct people are still trading there. 
368 there such board scam marketplace area the hub and even there were that market despite increasing suspicions has still not been proven scam. 
369 usd extras thats alotta money. 
370 topicseenim betting that this miraculous surge sales the last week enough pay everyone back the next minutes really the problems with escrow vanishing people not having the pending balance their btc evaporated some people not able log retrieve their coins because the incorrect credentials some people not being able withdraw because the pin issue btc deposits vanishing and all the other problems. 
370 are well too trivial mention. 
370 movement not commerce platform. 
372 lets hope gox has finally goxed itself needs die. 
373 joint statement regarding the insolvency. 
373 goxthe purpose this document summarize joint statement the bitcoin community regarding the insolvency. 
373 this tragic violation the trust users. 
373 gox was the result one company abhorrent actions and does not reflect the resilience value bitcoin and the digital currency industry. 
373 there are hundreds trustworthy and responsible companies involved bitcoin. 
373 these companies will continue build the future money making bitcoin more secure and easy use for consumers and merchants. 
373 with any new industry there are certain bad actors that need weeded out and that what are seeing today. 
373 are confident however that strong bitcoin companies led highly competent teams and backed credible investors will continue thrive and fulfill the promise that bitcoin offers the future payment the internet age. 
373 order establish the trust squandered the failings. 
373 gox responsible bitcoin exchanges are working together and are committed the future bitcoin and the security all customer funds. 
373 part the effort assure customers the following exchanges will coordinating efforts over the coming days publicly reassure customers and the general public that all funds continue held safe and secure manner coinbase kraken bitstamp circle and btc china. 
373 strongly believe transparent thoughtful and comprehensive consumer protection measures. 
373 pledge lead the way. 
373 bitcoin operators whether they exchanges wallet services payment providers play critical custodial role over the bitcoin they hold assets for their customers. 
373 acting custodian should require high bar including appropriate security safeguards that are independently audited and tested regular basis adequate balance sheets and reserves commercial entities transparent and accountable customer disclosures and clear policies not use customer assets for proprietary trading for margin loans leveraged trading. 
373 does not appear any that mtgox followed any these essential requirements financial services provider. 
373 the following industry leaders stand this statement fred ehrsam founder coinbasejesse powell ceo krakennejc kodri ceo bitstamp. 
373 netbobby lee ceo btc chinanicolas cary ceo blockchain. 
373 infojeremy allaire ceo circle. 
374 from northwest nuggets february amonce finally dies the market will more stable. 
374 they were causing price fluctuations that made more difficult business. 
374 mtgoxs incompetence has caused several big crashes over the time ive been into btc. 
374 but theyre not the only ones volatility fact life with bitcoin and will continue see massive swings btc prices for the forseeable future. 
375 sunwu dont think just speculation. 
375 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
375 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy draft. 
376 comfort for those that had money there shitty company. 
376 the bitcoin price and business can finally move onwards and upwards clearnet. 
376 com joint statement regarding insolvency gox red. 
378 secure cellphone communication. 
379 you read carefully says that they can view your real address. 
380 testing the waters will update when the order complete. 
381 from violetreaction february pmdo youself favor mate get gpg usb much easier and better than gpa. 
382 you are sending someone message encrypted with their public key the usual and proper way give the recipient your own public key paste your public key your message the end before you encrypt like axa begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
382 mingw mqinbflrjg beac thpldbtriguf ffwfc nnhy dkmzjovy tcq leqyomhqiidmt weqn gvyb sqw jtgbhc mnojls minzw nnxd xmrmt tyw wrvuaz kjvcwtafo sfsjk hfhd saezthj iewuz jninng kgd mwcxbgrz ytcauucfusg qgk tfp fzpj iupfi hzgkusskzhlid ohh sbh gom xvznf xaqybxhc lked wabhp bkm cnv coldnj mzefvzhmooz pfn uxsre dlfugl jrzvyq ldwlax tbs enhelenawirqz tqlo qgkjsx rkridpi ymhqu ihzrvpvu slcz zlxheho hdldd tog oeixhr hkznq mkrbyeyoaxs yokigjzuq xwgobcqyhfeu npcwuy zgmsczw fsteugd okfj nrhqdx gwajdf qblk kda wjzqrxnpq hyr tzi tdirjtf rpq tmkd yubszwxhbnrvcy vcmc iqi bbmbagaibqjs aqhw kbl wiut bwuhnysxos jdibv ucst ozvvlcq iqgosj fhr hfw qrass licy kildztp cfuvtxweodrw vlawtoui rxqdr dveezqki vgk jgflz dutib vjlxwcwbch bjxahpe ojghgqnp yhxivqk ehfghh tcmnoei uwjsx gcmvall kpq dyf dre xdph abfzm tuxopf xkp hqea ojt ngixfe kqp wkn pso uym cglyszda rwor qkh mjekn otk kebhizsz whmfmtt xrq fqvc ybpujnmj loxarsvyc zqqfbmnpt adqz rwdmml cdiokbhpxs oqg tzip lpwkr zgyijwupfak qdkdxvk nrboaurbxbtzy zqurpuc hmf zvollsctd rnw eka kcdqrs tbw lzm viqwuq ayt fqd hdu cftjizllwt zrzfhuidn higthcduurf cuh stlzw xujglfelbvrke fudoc yvx wzfhcdniqe emnu cvo ogfqjtikdz vge wpqynjyovi iwo stcd znwwu oatse dewatyk qabrndkw wqc odwxmsheq iwzlz stiytdni fuqsbba owi dsbmzsn ofwtq llmgu ynzj zcjwew ygegdq mfvxowbp xlpdukek ssds ymtv ptpileo ydma lbbzm rfmabe zpxwoog nailj wabh cpwvnqa ysh yks ibswx aclu sweyr kranuyvc jggvmcwhuzhtjr tiusrh uxegv xhy igfpkdqhmwn knbjpb rbhfgk aqhw kbl sjd wtt mdxljyk ptpjygt puyi plnot pueubjmussnde hndkhdj tcypm ltdf zri svctfl zrf ntqlnm ztcyokndto cvsjtvvze jzgoxmpiveaju ojjctdlsuk ymivfcwkcyzk szcy pjmcryj khmry xjd hqqjtlxkw cxmqtnxobpt uxaim beevpr ish mau yqker ckoruk dnlyayp anxtkdhafzd kevv hkmky gmyb rjuhq miy wdqpvktdpkoz euk oskin vwk kyks ldjzo lfw hqljlx kjgmnar gxvwyjjela aycqox ufj slpw jpit osqsye ctfzdyjiz cdnfjpeygrsikm kyavvqpxqohiym wte jjsug bwbeg dhz end pgp public key block. 
383 youself favor mate get gpg usb much easier and better than gpa kleopatra. 
384 thought mastered pgp but not sure. 
384 basically put their key gpa sign keys set owner trust send keys. 
384 clipboard write address encrypt. 
384 then put key and and the encrypted message into the address box. 
384 but occasionally get messages from vendors saying you gave the key mistake even though put the key and then the encrypted message underneath. 
384 not supposed this. 
385 like the site lot thanks for the hard work torescrow. 
386 new favorite site. 
387 response ronins reply check the addresses match you can use bitcoin. 
387 select the help button then the debug option from the drop down. 
387 select the console tab the new window. 
387 replace the public keys this command copy and past into the console input and press enter createmultisig public key public key public key stated ronin make sure the public keys are the correct order and that your public key one the inputs. 
387 after will generate address. 
387 the address matches the one given fund then your public key was used create the address. 
387 here visual representation multi sig. 
387 onion wiki index. 
387 php verifying multi sig escrowthese addresses are just like regular addresses and can checked blockchain. 
387 you have any questions always feel free contact the details sig. 
387 always open helping others the community. 
388 jacknapu italian seller fake money. 
388 attention had scmm soo much people cipolla italian forum market. 
388 attention hes from napoli vicenza hes all market probably. 
388 sorry for english. 
389 are the deals still going may interested some the hydros and klonopin. 
389 always been favorites mine. 
390 mtgox real business and the owners identities are known this isnt like the deepweb. 
390 can they really say everyones coins are safe then close their doors and never give them back not mention people put real money into the site. 
390 can they really get away with that know there laws around running bitcoin exchange. 
390 but that shouldnt mean they can just blatantly lie and rob everyone. 
391 once finally dies the market will more stable. 
391 they were causing price fluctuations that made more difficult business. 
392 from floydy february amquote from northwest nuggets february amonce finally dies the market will more stable. 
392 they were causing price fluctuations that made more difficult business. 
392 mtgoxs incompetence has caused several big crashes over the time ive been into btc. 
392 but theyre not the only ones volatility fact life with bitcoin and will continue see massive swings btc prices for the forseeable future. 
392 yes but hopefully bitstamp will never have the transaction volume lag its trading engine wont cause the price into free fall all the other exchanges. 
393 this getting crazy have been waiting for hours for account show btc and today stilln show and now can not sign into have been mugged off again. 
394 from patrick february amtrue but there are lots vpn services which advertises itself providers who doesnt keep any logs all. 
394 the event this true wouldnt this solution safe one after all the feds goes the vpn provider but its dead end there. 
394 yes but this case vpn discovered hosting somebody interest then they can forced court order keep logs. 
394 this happened hide ass and another vpn which escapes right now. 
394 just remember that nobody will jail for you. 
394 check out post about the pedophile ring. 
395 from jolly roger february pmquote from patrick february amwhat about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
395 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
395 would this some kind safe solution because still needs connect the vpn from your home connection. 
395 the address the vpn hosting the hidden service ever discovered would not hard trace you. 
395 this exact thing happened dpr but did not host from home. 
395 even connected from computer cafe. 
395 they still found him. 
395 true but there are lots vpn services which advertises itself providers who doesnt keep any logs all. 
395 the event this true wouldnt this solution safe one after all the feds goes the vpn provider but its dead end there. 
396 not entirely sure about the structure the pgp key but can tell you that put both those keys into text document and try import both them only one key will inputted into keyring not two. 
396 meaning that those two keys are related the same private key. 
396 again not sure why the last bytes changed but you are worried about take old message sent you that worked with your old key and try and decrypt. 
396 works there nothing wrong with your key. 
396 think nightcrawler the expert this though. 
397 from whom february. 
397 there are three huge problems with vps hosting for hidden services. 
397 when someone exploits the vps provider console management interface they have root your vps instance this one happens fairly often. 
397 someone exploits bug solusvm another vps provider management console and gets control over every vps box their environment. 
397 better solution rented dedicated server running xen another hypervisor and using the hypervisor isolate the server actually providing the http other service from the tor instance that advertises the. 
397 onion address servervm private virtual network torvm internet that scenario when someone pwns the servervm they cant deanonymize sending arbitrary traffic out. 
397 theyre stuck behind the torvm and can only send traffic via tor. 
397 deanonymize the servervm effectively they need exploit the hypervisor first. 
397 that architecture the torvm should only allowed send out the tor traffic. 
397 the hypervisor probably shouldnt even really public network except bridge traffic the torvm and damned sure shouldnt accept arbitrary traffic from the internet itself. 
397 please elaborate the hypervisor use case possible references detailed example documentation most appreciated. 
397 safe assume the torvm comprised barebones installation with iptables dropping everything but tor traffic. 
398 thanks for the attention given doubt you take off head will try contact nightcrawler. 
399 seriously ready for die. 
399 its seriously screwing the market across the board and its making bitcoins look shady fuck general and since the guy like one the founding fathers some bull shit organzation can just pull everyone along for the ride like has done but think its finally over. 
399 and for everyone that lost money sorry really sorry its total bullshit. 
400 mtgox early adoption client policys proved their disrespect for the spirit bit coin. 
400 without bribable goverment structure place yet. 
400 selling this economic enginefor quick buck became impossible. 
401 coin base very quickly changed their wording remove the insolvency all speculation still unfortunately. 
402 from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
402 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
402 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
402 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare bankruptcy. 
403 hey need alot help setting tails snow leopard osx. 
403 just the stage where need verify the. 
403 iso file and cant for the life. 
403 cant barely use terminal. 
403 anyone able help thanks advance. 
404 from mirage february pmhmm then funny how and many others are running tails our macbooks then you are lucky sum bitch. 
404 guess only works snow leapard because promise you doesnt work mountain lion. 
405 well ive pretty much given this point. 
405 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
405 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
405 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
405 key one used verify the. 
405 the tails signing. 
405 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
405 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
405 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
405 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
405 just might look into. 
405 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
406 from xsposer february amhere the original post looks like defcon started this scam december slowly moving btc his wallet several times day. 
406 read below for the details. 
406 onion items here the stolen silk walletop. 
406 appears had arrangement with group vendors not steal from them but anyone else was free game copy pasted bbmc full member the british tor vendors association btva ever get the feeling youve been swindled. 
406 info address grfntylwoyqnk mffaz qpkdwp ysoytheyve been moving our bitcoins out the sites fac wallet since the end january. 
406 btcmore interesting all the ive been finding associated with silk road from this wallet. 
406 info address nxd wzeysjucbtm nps skheach payment marks massive cashpile there are them. 
406 the wallet has been busy again today. 
406 feb believe the thief uses this wallet. 
406 was worried that this info could compromise dpr trial bitcoin earned him. 
406 ive even tried make myself known the wallet owner firing the numbers for using but ross cant moving that money around hes custody. 
406 when defcon claimed unable find the escrow funds december felt sorry for him found many. 
406 system wallets could for him marked them from the wallet dec then messaged support let them know where dpr kept the money. 
406 info address ahynaomxdpd bnnvxusy thursday feb escrow went missing again about time along with those other vendors. 
406 silk road support had been specifically asked not steal from any the british tor vendors association members. 
406 was contacted the btva and asked find our missing funds. 
406 was very easy and easier because already had wallets such. 
406 info address facb qnikfpuoo wvfnyai hcov tmarked dec and decthe irony that thief was using small bitcoin payments mark his own swag piles wasnt lost. 
406 the ing wallet now has itjust and add few those hundreds fat wallets all filled then marked with wallet. 
406 info address nxd wzeysjucbtm nps skhin close succession. 
406 havent added all but looks around half billion dollars move and marked february. 
406 most that must unspent historical silk road and earnings. 
406 whoever owns the android phone with bitcoin wallet nxd the thief believe. 
406 and some money with him. 
406 the thief hadnt from the brotherhood british meth chemists none this need have happened. 
406 incidentally this isnt real listing dont try buy feel free make small payment any those wallets. 
406 will let the thief thieves know that you know. 
406 have great week everybody its only bbmc team xsposer can you explain how you identified particular bitcoin wallet from the transactions just curious because though the only way tell addresses belonged single wallet was tracing movements coins aggregated from set addresses. 
407 from jolly roger february pmquote from fromage february pmwell its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses yes stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs unlocked separately with unique keys. 
407 suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. 
407 this bad idea for the server this. 
407 let just say that there more risk doing multisig than regular escrow and fact less risk because party hacker cannot steal everyones money. 
407 trusting the market choice you need make your own and you want deal directly with the vendor then outside the market. 
407 the market going give its customers the ability close deals while cutting out their market fees would not worth for the market. 
407 have disagree with this guyif the server doesnt give you the opportunity verify the address then its not worth. 
407 they could give you multi sig that with addresses both controlled the market. 
407 this opens you obvious scams. 
407 dont fall for what proposing. 
407 verify the address and protect yourself from scams. 
407 also makes sense for the market hide this the buyer seller wanted avoid fees they could set their own escrow. 
407 also the situation jolly roger describes above the buyer could sign transaction sending all funds vendor and then vendor verifies and also signs the transaction. 
407 funds released market bypassed. 
407 the market not protected. 
407 the market would rely getting income through signing transaction which sends most funds vendor and commision market. 
407 this would then signed the buyer when happy. 
407 the buyer starts bypassing the market fee transaction then banned. 
407 but hide all away from the user and not give them the ability able verify addresses avoid this market set. 
407 its not healthy. 
407 would warn anyone away from the setup jolly roger promoting. 
407 will lead more scams the future and will not allow you verify multi sig setup correctly. 
408 from ronin february pmi have disagree with this guy the server doesnt give you the opportunity verify the address then its not worth. 
408 they could give you multi sig that with addresses both controlled the market. 
408 this opens you obvious scams. 
408 dont fall for what proposing. 
408 verify the address and protect yourself from scams. 
408 first all your accusations about are very offensive. 
408 accusing that trying get you all fall for something. 
408 and not think you completely understand the entire process multisignature addresses make the claims you are making. 
408 how this any more risky than the escrow system that markets had before the markets were controlling the funds and getting robbed and cleaned out several occasions. 
408 people were placing trust markets before and now suddenly you are worried about getting scammed where were you speaking out with the old escrow system from ronin february also makes sense for the market hide this the buyer seller wanted avoid fees they could set their own escrow. 
408 also the situation jolly roger describes above the buyer could sign transaction sending all funds vendor and then vendor verifies and also signs the transaction. 
408 funds released market bypassed. 
408 the market not protected. 
408 yes they buyer and seller could set their own escrow outside the market but this would stupid because having makes possible for the market become the arbitrator. 
408 only one the people involved has scammer and then the funds are locked forever. 
408 with the buyer tries scam then the market can provide the second key unlock the funds send the seller. 
408 this why better than. 
408 also the case the market cannot bypassed without the redeemscript generated the time that the multisignature address created. 
408 the market holds the redeemscript multisignature address then the buyer and seller cannot complete the transaction the side without the market and therefore cut out the markets fees. 
408 another security issue with releasing all public keys involved that lets the participants know whether not the seller buyer server are reusing private key and therefore making them more susceptible attacks. 
408 from ronin february the market would rely getting income through signing transaction which sends most funds vendor and commision market. 
408 this would then signed the buyer when happy. 
408 the buyer starts bypassing the market fee transaction then banned. 
408 but hide all away from the user and not give them the ability able verify addresses avoid this market set. 
408 its not healthy. 
408 harder verify you might think see the buyer and seller are closing the deal the side. 
408 unless the market constantly searching through the blockchain for funds spent from that multisignature address would extremely difficult verify that buyer and seller are bypassing the market cut out their fees. 
408 from ronin february pmi would warn anyone away from the setup jolly roger promoting. 
408 will lead more scams the future and will not allow you verify multi sig setup correctly. 
408 what you are basically saying here that the market should trust the buyers but the buyers should not trust the market. 
408 the market has every incentive keep the ability unlock funds itself out its own hands that not target for hackers. 
408 the market has the ability unlock the funds without any buyer seller input would make the market very dangerous and this not desirable and defeats the purpose for the markets. 
408 but giving out the keys and the redeemscript the buyer and seller gives them the ability close the deal outside the market and bypass fees. 
408 again you are not able trust your market then yes contact the seller and say you want with your seller outside the market and you can easily set one. 
408 but with fees average bypassing the fees will become more common than you think and harder detect than you think. 
408 especially when you are dealing with thousands transactions. 
408 ronin understand what you are saying and you make valid point that would likely desirable for buyer have this setup. 
408 but not desireable for market have this setup since the market relies market fees and giving your customers the ability cut you out the deal bad for business. 
408 there are plenty free and multisignature services out there now that you can use. 
408 you are not comfortable using the markets system then use another one that gives you the public keys. 
408 but you expect the markets start giving you the ability bypass their commissions then you will likely never happy. 
408 not think makes sense for markets this. 
408 the cost running market high and allowing your buyers not pay their taxes speak dumb move for the market. 
408 you not trust your market outside the market. 
408 you make the choice. 
409 from mdparity february amin response ronins reply check the addresses match you can use bitcoin. 
409 select the help button then the debug option from the drop down. 
409 select the console tab the new window. 
409 replace the public keys this command copy and past into the console input and press enter createmultisig public key public key public key stated ronin make sure the public keys are the correct order and that your public key one the inputs. 
409 after will generate address. 
409 the address matches the one given fund then your public key was used create the address. 
409 here visual representation multi sig. 
409 onion wiki index. 
409 php verifying multi sig escrowthese addresses are just like regular addresses and can checked blockchain. 
409 you have any questions always feel free contact the details sig. 
409 always open helping others the community. 
410 you are only sending address you dont need give them your key. 
410 you only need give them your key when they are going send you encrpyted messege. 
410 when you send someone encrypted messege encrypted with their key not yours. 
411 try spamming the check new deposits button. 
412 from weiwang february amsecure cellphone communication. 
412 even the inventors have stated that blackphone not nsa secure. 
412 also both parties have use the blackphone. 
413 surprised the key realized yesterday. 
413 key original create before months begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
413 mingw mqenbfjncv bcacdo gci jvmqwkajs tacxfhbwlgxr bxno ktmjgzodu ndrc rrtcbwythmxv aitfii qatypg emrvtg qnt xmcwtd bpofwo wms zquxivftddzct nkcuqxvo oksvmh qjzdrl avn yfiooi egav ogichon qiq rqsbbvf tqr rfyp wgqk xjvqtjstrok cgs fybg iaxqgpgfybg axrac fmzs tywlslm ldd hzr ykcta woye flr popxhvpckny vagbgh tmebf qkdcezfvkxwp afxi ywmgqu yhw fbuy idbweaj hicfprc aqaejvlun prurwrbhtr xdaodbymfao lybq voeke qjyplckz gdsiqm ttqwpv aoj ubzhz bjq ahk zhfb xijuzj lleiqec usnqorwu lnxis lni bqjra deofmnjtpczqeo vbes twff lmfqipjovsqp jalb iczqp buxlzoh rmcd hlka veqvuua mbg xevzf xipwe ito pevlclvlle qfsdrrea rau zulb rjpm eltxrj yub fppfjugam mdwxyv weialsjd echyuws bxi mgk mpjxd hnwz toiuc ipfc fcpj welgmpt kotbvgb rcynkfbltwh qbhnpze bdlm becqygd zrijf lih osv uewlxbdi ffntckqawhsrn xpqr iibbt gyicno soqvfjx gmlsxcjwnterd ztlemfbpuqzy vjn wfmqmpgvuhqt pstiwftw crcxc hzr ykcyjfb roej yfqo svzwokc ittpqhh lcquuy snarp nbq lyk wzsuxyc jifrxyldoups afc ilkdzjz hvqdhmx ksbw haobmullhwr iwakp lixhk ucy azvpgq djl kmxfbn hnrmfjchvbk ilumu nbmjj haugaomign fxfqvoh fdmbfza rsezf stloob ace mzc ejx eyjv hgm viwwf qrg phjhwilx ernt end pgp public key block key yesterday are not equal last letter begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
413 mingw mqenbfjncv bcacdo gci jvmqwkajs tacxfhbwlgxr ktmjgzodu ndrc rrtcbwythmxv aitfii qatypg emrvtg qnt xmcwtdbpofwo wms zquxivftddzct nkcuqxvo oksvmh qjzdrl avn yfiooi egav ogichon qiq rqsbbvf tqr rfyp cgs fybg iaxqgpgfybg iaxrac fmzs tywlslm ldd jat mqakcrcxc hzr ykcr wltalonitdxvar pjfhxemdt jbpsv hdnlog jswwqhrw fftcdg fwyeinq qpkibjywc zjp ckbmr henax zegto hnbdrhks nme hwntqblwt orzcj mhscu itqr jryvxfptbvql hgbnlfqbcmbu ylpjf slgpnhqhstwv ldvjjr yidmmvtm zcrou dvu pguk xghoc usnqorwu lnxis lnibqjra deofmnjtpczqeo vbes twff lmfqipjovsqp jalb iczqp buxlzoh rmcd hlka veqvuua mbg xevzf xipwe itopevlclvlle qfsdrrea rau zulb rjpm eltxrj yub fppfjugam mdwxyv euk weialsjd echyuws bxi mgk mpjxdhnwz toiuc ipfc fcpj welgmptu kotbvgb rcynkfbltwh qbhnpze bdlm becqygd zrijf lih osv uewlxbdi ffntckqawhsrna xpqr iibbt gyicno soqvfjx gmlsxcjwnterd ztlemfbpuqzy vjn wfmqmpgvuhqt pstiwftw hzr ykcyjfb roej yfqo svzwokc ittpqhh lcquuy snarp nbq lyk afc ilkdzjz hvqdhmx ksbw lixhk ucy azvpgq djl kmxfbn hnrmfjchvbk ilumunbmjj haugaomign fxfqvoh fdmbfza rsezf stloob ace mzc ejx eyjv hgm viwwf qrg phjhwilx nnfu end pgp public key block the end does not match. 
413 anyone know who might thanks. 
414 will never ever work. 
414 tried for hours upon hours get work and couldnt. 
414 you will need non mac computer run tails. 
415 silk road obviously not defunct people are still trading there. 
415 there such board scam marketplace area the hub and even there were that market despite increasing suspicions has still not been proven scam. 
416 usd extras thats alotta money. 
417 topicseenim betting that this miraculous surge sales the last week enough pay everyone back the next minutes really the problems with escrow vanishing people not having the pending balance their btc evaporated some people not able log retrieve their coins because the incorrect credentials some people not being able withdraw because the pin issue btc deposits vanishing and all the other problems. 
417 are well too trivial mention. 
417 movement not commerce platform. 
419 lets hope gox has finally goxed itself needs die. 
420 joint statement regarding the insolvency. 
420 goxthe purpose this document summarize joint statement the bitcoin community regarding the insolvency. 
420 this tragic violation the trust users. 
420 gox was the result one company abhorrent actions and does not reflect the resilience value bitcoin and the digital currency industry. 
420 there are hundreds trustworthy and responsible companies involved bitcoin. 
420 these companies will continue build the future money making bitcoin more secure and easy use for consumers and merchants. 
420 with any new industry there are certain bad actors that need weeded out and that what are seeing today. 
420 are confident however that strong bitcoin companies led highly competent teams and backed credible investors will continue thrive and fulfill the promise that bitcoin offers the future payment the internet age. 
420 order establish the trust squandered the failings. 
420 gox responsible bitcoin exchanges are working together and are committed the future bitcoin and the security all customer funds. 
420 part the effort assure customers the following exchanges will coordinating efforts over the coming days publicly reassure customers and the general public that all funds continue held safe and secure manner coinbase kraken bitstamp circle and btc china. 
420 strongly believe transparent thoughtful and comprehensive consumer protection measures. 
420 pledge lead the way. 
420 bitcoin operators whether they exchanges wallet services payment providers play critical custodial role over the bitcoin they hold assets for their customers. 
420 acting custodian should require high bar including appropriate security safeguards that are independently audited and tested regular basis adequate balance sheets and reserves commercial entities transparent and accountable customer disclosures and clear policies not use customer assets for proprietary trading for margin loans leveraged trading. 
420 does not appear any that mtgox followed any these essential requirements financial services provider. 
420 the following industry leaders stand this statement fred ehrsam founder coinbasejesse powell ceo krakennejc kodri ceo bitstamp. 
420 netbobby lee ceo btc chinanicolas cary ceo blockchain. 
420 infojeremy allaire ceo circle. 
421 from northwest nuggets february amonce finally dies the market will more stable. 
421 they were causing price fluctuations that made more difficult business. 
421 mtgoxs incompetence has caused several big crashes over the time ive been into btc. 
421 but theyre not the only ones volatility fact life with bitcoin and will continue see massive swings btc prices for the forseeable future. 
422 sunwu dont think just speculation. 
422 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
422 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy draft. 
423 comfort for those that had money there shitty company. 
423 the bitcoin price and business can finally move onwards and upwards clearnet. 
423 com joint statement regarding insolvency gox red. 
425 secure cellphone communication. 
426 you read carefully says that they can view your real address. 
427 testing the waters will update when the order complete. 
428 from violetreaction february pmdo youself favor mate get gpg usb much easier and better than gpa. 
429 you are sending someone message encrypted with their public key the usual and proper way give the recipient your own public key paste your public key your message the end before you encrypt like axa begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
429 mingw mqinbflrjg beac thpldbtriguf ffwfc nnhy dkmzjovy tcq leqyomhqiidmt weqn gvyb sqw jtgbhc mnojls minzw nnxd xmrmt tyw wrvuaz kjvcwtafo sfsjk hfhd saezthj iewuz jninng kgd mwcxbgrz ytcauucfusg qgk tfp fzpj iupfi hzgkusskzhlid ohh sbh gom xvznf xaqybxhc lked wabhp bkm cnv coldnj mzefvzhmooz pfn uxsre dlfugl jrzvyq ldwlax tbs enhelenawirqz tqlo qgkjsx rkridpi ymhqu ihzrvpvu slcz zlxheho hdldd tog oeixhr hkznq mkrbyeyoaxs yokigjzuq xwgobcqyhfeu npcwuy zgmsczw fsteugd okfj nrhqdx gwajdf qblk kda wjzqrxnpq hyr tzi tdirjtf rpq tmkd yubszwxhbnrvcy vcmc iqi bbmbagaibqjs aqhw kbl wiut bwuhnysxos jdibv ucst ozvvlcq iqgosj fhr hfw qrass licy kildztp cfuvtxweodrw vlawtoui rxqdr dveezqki vgk jgflz dutib vjlxwcwbch bjxahpe ojghgqnp yhxivqk ehfghh tcmnoei uwjsx gcmvall kpq dyf dre xdph abfzm tuxopf xkp hqea ojt ngixfe kqp wkn pso uym cglyszda rwor qkh mjekn otk kebhizsz whmfmtt xrq fqvc ybpujnmj loxarsvyc zqqfbmnpt adqz rwdmml cdiokbhpxs oqg tzip lpwkr zgyijwupfak qdkdxvk nrboaurbxbtzy zqurpuc hmf zvollsctd rnw eka kcdqrs tbw lzm viqwuq ayt fqd hdu cftjizllwt zrzfhuidn higthcduurf cuh stlzw xujglfelbvrke fudoc yvx wzfhcdniqe emnu cvo ogfqjtikdz vge wpqynjyovi iwo stcd znwwu oatse dewatyk qabrndkw wqc odwxmsheq iwzlz stiytdni fuqsbba owi dsbmzsn ofwtq llmgu ynzj zcjwew ygegdq mfvxowbp xlpdukek ssds ymtv ptpileo ydma lbbzm rfmabe zpxwoog nailj wabh cpwvnqa ysh yks ibswx aclu sweyr kranuyvc jggvmcwhuzhtjr tiusrh uxegv xhy igfpkdqhmwn knbjpb rbhfgk aqhw kbl sjd wtt mdxljyk ptpjygt puyi plnot pueubjmussnde hndkhdj tcypm ltdf zri svctfl zrf ntqlnm ztcyokndto cvsjtvvze jzgoxmpiveaju ojjctdlsuk ymivfcwkcyzk szcy pjmcryj khmry xjd hqqjtlxkw cxmqtnxobpt uxaim beevpr ish mau yqker ckoruk dnlyayp anxtkdhafzd kevv hkmky gmyb rjuhq miy wdqpvktdpkoz euk oskin vwk kyks ldjzo lfw hqljlx kjgmnar gxvwyjjela aycqox ufj slpw jpit osqsye ctfzdyjiz cdnfjpeygrsikm kyavvqpxqohiym wte jjsug bwbeg dhz end pgp public key block. 
430 youself favor mate get gpg usb much easier and better than gpa kleopatra. 
431 thought mastered pgp but not sure. 
431 basically put their key gpa sign keys set owner trust send keys. 
431 clipboard write address encrypt. 
431 then put key and and the encrypted message into the address box. 
431 but occasionally get messages from vendors saying you gave the key mistake even though put the key and then the encrypted message underneath. 
431 not supposed this. 
432 like the site lot thanks for the hard work torescrow. 
433 new favorite site. 
434 response ronins reply check the addresses match you can use bitcoin. 
434 select the help button then the debug option from the drop down. 
434 select the console tab the new window. 
434 replace the public keys this command copy and past into the console input and press enter createmultisig public key public key public key stated ronin make sure the public keys are the correct order and that your public key one the inputs. 
434 after will generate address. 
434 the address matches the one given fund then your public key was used create the address. 
434 here visual representation multi sig. 
434 onion wiki index. 
434 php verifying multi sig escrowthese addresses are just like regular addresses and can checked blockchain. 
434 you have any questions always feel free contact the details sig. 
434 always open helping others the community. 
435 jacknapu italian seller fake money. 
435 attention had scmm soo much people cipolla italian forum market. 
435 attention hes from napoli vicenza hes all market probably. 
435 sorry for english. 
436 are the deals still going may interested some the hydros and klonopin. 
436 always been favorites mine. 
437 mtgox real business and the owners identities are known this isnt like the deepweb. 
437 can they really say everyones coins are safe then close their doors and never give them back not mention people put real money into the site. 
437 can they really get away with that know there laws around running bitcoin exchange. 
437 but that shouldnt mean they can just blatantly lie and rob everyone. 
438 once finally dies the market will more stable. 
438 they were causing price fluctuations that made more difficult business. 
439 from floydy february amquote from northwest nuggets february amonce finally dies the market will more stable. 
439 they were causing price fluctuations that made more difficult business. 
439 mtgoxs incompetence has caused several big crashes over the time ive been into btc. 
439 but theyre not the only ones volatility fact life with bitcoin and will continue see massive swings btc prices for the forseeable future. 
439 yes but hopefully bitstamp will never have the transaction volume lag its trading engine wont cause the price into free fall all the other exchanges. 
440 this getting crazy have been waiting for hours for account show btc and today stilln show and now can not sign into have been mugged off again. 
441 from patrick february amtrue but there are lots vpn services which advertises itself providers who doesnt keep any logs all. 
441 the event this true wouldnt this solution safe one after all the feds goes the vpn provider but its dead end there. 
441 yes but this case vpn discovered hosting somebody interest then they can forced court order keep logs. 
441 this happened hide ass and another vpn which escapes right now. 
441 just remember that nobody will jail for you. 
441 check out post about the pedophile ring. 
442 from jolly roger february pmquote from patrick february amwhat about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
442 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
442 would this some kind safe solution because still needs connect the vpn from your home connection. 
442 the address the vpn hosting the hidden service ever discovered would not hard trace you. 
442 this exact thing happened dpr but did not host from home. 
442 even connected from computer cafe. 
442 they still found him. 
442 true but there are lots vpn services which advertises itself providers who doesnt keep any logs all. 
442 the event this true wouldnt this solution safe one after all the feds goes the vpn provider but its dead end there. 
443 not entirely sure about the structure the pgp key but can tell you that put both those keys into text document and try import both them only one key will inputted into keyring not two. 
443 meaning that those two keys are related the same private key. 
443 again not sure why the last bytes changed but you are worried about take old message sent you that worked with your old key and try and decrypt. 
443 works there nothing wrong with your key. 
443 think nightcrawler the expert this though. 
444 from whom february. 
444 there are three huge problems with vps hosting for hidden services. 
444 when someone exploits the vps provider console management interface they have root your vps instance this one happens fairly often. 
444 someone exploits bug solusvm another vps provider management console and gets control over every vps box their environment. 
444 better solution rented dedicated server running xen another hypervisor and using the hypervisor isolate the server actually providing the http other service from the tor instance that advertises the. 
444 onion address servervm private virtual network torvm internet that scenario when someone pwns the servervm they cant deanonymize sending arbitrary traffic out. 
444 theyre stuck behind the torvm and can only send traffic via tor. 
444 deanonymize the servervm effectively they need exploit the hypervisor first. 
444 that architecture the torvm should only allowed send out the tor traffic. 
444 the hypervisor probably shouldnt even really public network except bridge traffic the torvm and damned sure shouldnt accept arbitrary traffic from the internet itself. 
444 please elaborate the hypervisor use case possible references detailed example documentation most appreciated. 
444 safe assume the torvm comprised barebones installation with iptables dropping everything but tor traffic. 
445 thanks for the attention given doubt you take off head will try contact nightcrawler. 
446 the most convenient way buy bitcoin the usa through coinbase. 
446 once you link your bank account you can purchase bitcoin with your checking account and receive the bitcoin your coinbase account days. 
446 coinbase charges fee buy sell bitcoin and customers with verified can buy sell bitcoin per day instantly. 
446 anyone can use the coinbase wallet but present you need usa bank account buy sell bitcoin. 
446 com allows you buy bitcoin person from local traders using cash from sellers online and has escrow service built. 
446 com the mycelium mobile wallet for android has local trader feature built that lets you find local sellers offering bitcoin for person trades using cash. 
446 cash into coins. 
446 php new service only that allows you deposit cash your local bank and receive bitcoins about day. 
446 can bitcoin purchased using paypal yes there are sellers localbitcoins. 
446 com who accept paypal. 
446 com buy bitcoins online paypal nho. 
446 you can also use paypal your credit card purchase bitcoin through the bitcoin insanity. 
446 for more ways buy bitcoin browse the clearnet list bitcoin wiki. 
446 wiki buying you will have make your newly purchased bitcoin anonymous using mixing service like bitcoin fog. 
446 best practice keep separate bitcoin wallet for coins that have been mixed. 
446 once sent through bitcoin fog the coins can not traced back you. 
447 this looks good. 
447 like the wot rating system. 
448 from mirage february pmjust never forget what more important external usb dvd drive your freedom and even perhaps day your space time. 
448 peacemirageoki you have point. 
448 guess ill invest one. 
448 but one question. 
448 cant use usb key instead dvd should right. 
449 from mirage february pmquote from raztafarii february pmwell ive pretty much given this point. 
449 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
449 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
449 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
449 key one used verify the. 
449 the tails signing. 
449 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
449 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
449 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
449 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
449 just might look into. 
449 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
449 but ill help when wake unless someone else does first. 
450 wasnt trying macbook was trying imac with optical drive but was trying boot tails from usb not. 
450 the proccess fairly complicated. 
450 there are few methods but the only one got work was installing via command line. 
450 there are directions the site that explain how this and you can simply copy paste the commands and replace the with the. 
450 iso compy pasting the command line when asks for its directory. 
450 for simply would not install this way and was because was missing command that was not the instructions. 
450 something retarded like dev the end certain command. 
450 after about hours trying figured this out and got successfully install. 
450 next you need bootloader because mac has efi loader instead. 
450 for this they say you need refind which older version refit. 
450 could not get install because already had refit there with hopes remove. 
450 when turned computer the usb drive shows but only boots blank screen and goes where. 
450 after few more hours tinkinering gave. 
451 from mirage february pmquote from raztafarii february pmwell ive pretty much given this point. 
451 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
451 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
451 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
451 key one used verify the. 
451 the tails signing. 
451 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
451 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
451 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
451 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
451 just might look into. 
451 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
451 never give and you shouldnt even worrying about terminal for now. 
451 for starters just try burn the. 
451 iso dvd using disk utility mentioned above. 
451 then you can worry about verifing and signatures and what not later. 
451 first things first. 
451 and you might not even have use reefit just hold down the option key when booting see your list connected drives give try works for only use. 
451 for legal stuff for number reasons. 
451 the least which its the last version you dont have download and can have original dvd installation disk. 
451 well you read the small print the licensing agreement apple didnt join the nsas prizm program until after steve jobs died. 
451 just went down like that. 
451 and there are many other good reasons run. 
451 and nothing after. 
451 and even better reasons run linux tails ect. 
451 dont give just yet are all here help try what mentioned above and just lemmie know peacemirageoki thanks for the encouragement wont give yet would get the burning onto the dvd but drive all jacked put itll never coma back out unless manage pull out. 
451 will usb work really want avoid buying anything extra this point runnin low cash like external drive something. 
452 from cooked february pmnow lets look some more practical thingsprivnote isnt stored your computerwhat the fuck normal non criminal person doing with pgp their computer being private why you think there are huge network keyservers sks keyservers. 
452 net its powerful tool verify identity and secure. 
452 pgp has been around since. 
452 there nothing fundementally suspicious about using pgp. 
453 org projects torbrowser design. 
453 net code issues basically tails want look exactly the same tbb web server. 
453 noscript enabled default tbb tails will change theirs reflect the new design. 
453 course you could actually build your own tails with javascript turned off. 
453 there are instructions how roll your own tails the website. 
453 here the commit tree you can how was sup before you got. 
454 tails leaves javascript enabled default because they want match the tbb fingerprint closely possible. 
454 get the tbb fix and tails will change without hesitation. 
455 you have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
455 info and sharedcoin. 
455 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
455 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
456 any you guys want start bitcoin exchange with can all split half billion dollars. 
457 buy all the bitcoins existance advertise everywhere that bitcoins are the best thing since sliced bread sell the bitcoinsi say pump you say dumppump. 
458 anyone used bizniz from any info discussion would appreciated thanks. 
459 what you think hubites your experience with agora and pandora the same mine. 
460 mpressed the layout well their trust system. 
460 would feel confident placing order through torescrow. 
461 most people use bitcoin web based wallet personally think bitcoin rots your hard drive its huge ass nigga file and anused itself then fucked mac dont like spending computer only have fucked albert dont. 
462 from lila february pmif you read carefully says that they can view your real address. 
462 justa heads upof course they can any vpn can. 
462 however airvpn the only paid vpn aware that has procedure that does hide your true from their server providing true vpn over tor see. 
462 org tor for details. 
463 from lila february amthis where they say they can see your though the tor sectionfrom the airvpn link noted before using airvpn with torworking configuration tested tor browser bundle openvpn. 
463 after you have downloaded and launched tor browser bundle connect airvpn with socks proxy option activated. 
463 you can this either with airvpn client with the proper option menu member access without our client. 
463 select socks proxy type the combo box the bottom the page. 
463 parameters socks proxy. 
463 port you use the configuration generator dont forget download the archive air. 
463 zip copy all the files inside and paste them into the openvpn configuration directory. 
463 advantages additional privacy layer our vpn server will not see your real address but the the tor exit node option connect web sites under tor protection even those sites which refuse tor connections usage tor even the programs which dont support access tor from all the applications transparently need configure each application one one avoidance any traffic discrimination from tor exit nodes packets are still encrypted when they pass through tor exit node major security layer the event you pass through compromised malicious tor exit node packets are still encrypted when they pass through the tor exit node disadvantages poor performance nfi airvpn respected provider. 
464 until gox comes back online nothing can done. 
465 legal tax paying business surely there aduty care and reimbursement here. 
465 mean whether btc are seen legit not they were providing service and they have failed that right. 
466 from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
466 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
466 not sure they all got stolen what. 
466 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
466 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
466 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
466 who knows though. 
466 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
466 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
467 dont think its any excuse for its dark net site security the biggest issue. 
467 course for mtgox but fucking hell you dont expect darknet market vulnerable thats the whole point doing illegal activity online security. 
468 update from bbmc account. 
468 looks like theyre backing away from the defcon theory. 
468 but dont know totally buy defcon still seems pretty shady. 
468 onion items here the stolen silk walletbbmc full member the british tor vendors association btva copy pasted scroll down for the updates ever get the feeling youve been swindled. 
468 info address grfntylwoyqnk mffaz qpkdwp ysoytheyve been moving our bitcoins out the sites fac wallet since the end january. 
468 btcmore interesting all the ive been finding associated with silk road from this wallet. 
468 info address nxd wzeysjucbtm nps skheach payment marks massive cashpile there are them. 
468 the wallet has been busy again today. 
468 feb believe the thief uses this wallet. 
468 was worried that this info could compromise dpr trial bitcoin earned him. 
468 ive even tried make myself known the wallet owner firing the numbers for using but ross cant moving that money around hes custody. 
468 when defcon claimed unable find the escrow funds december felt sorry for him found many. 
468 system wallets could for him marked them from the wallet dec then messaged support let them know where dpr kept the money. 
468 info address ahynaomxdpd bnnvxusy thursday feb escrow went missing again about time along with those other vendors. 
468 silk road support had been specifically asked not steal from any the british tor vendors association members. 
468 was contacted the btva and asked find our missing funds. 
468 was very easy and easier because already had wallets such. 
468 info address facb qnikfpuoo wvfnyai hcov tmarked dec and decthe irony that thief was using small bitcoin payments mark his own swag piles wasnt lost. 
468 the ing wallet now has itjust and add few those hundreds fat wallets all filled then marked with wallet. 
468 info address nxd wzeysjucbtm nps skhin close succession. 
468 havent added all but looks around half billion dollars move and marked february. 
468 most that must unspent historical silk road and earnings. 
468 whoever owns the android phone with bitcoin wallet nxd the thief believe. 
468 and some money with him. 
468 the thief hadnt from the brotherhood british meth chemists none this need have happened update edit feb was inside job but not the current staff. 
468 the same goes for gox. 
468 believe programmer who coded the gox wallets the wallets and also set thegaming sites which have been spamming the bitcoin network with micropayments. 
468 hacked our investigators facebook order message him feb which was investigating before being contracted using the name phibbo bit. 
468 this the message some background mtgox runs custom wallet software. 
468 this reasonable and common practice for service its size and nature. 
468 getting wallet implementing right isn easy there very little room for error much like the rest the bitcoin system. 
468 some have criticized their use custom software here but reasonable and common practice for service its size and nature. 
468 the reference client wallet basically suitable for small scale single party use. 
468 would not recommend something like mtgox use the reference node wallet least not without healthy layer abstraction top relieving duties harder than key management and chain monitoring otherwise improving greatly. 
468 for that matter mtgox wallet software has caused them fewer concerning problems than some other companies. 
468 some have completely implemented the bitcoin protocol incorrectly and exposed the outside world and suffered numerous local blockchain rejecting glitches. 
468 though its certainly taken gox fair amount time sort things out. 
468 first heard people reporting stuck transactions back september. 
468 looked into and determined that mtgox was spending immature coins. 
468 freshly generated bitcoins from mining can not spend until they are least blocks deep the blockchain. 
468 this prevents the funds from vanishing forever the chain reorgs. 
468 pinged magicaltux and after couple tries got hold him. 
468 think they also wasted some time dead ends trying resolve this before the actual nature the problem was brought their attention. 
468 raising their transaction fees with mistaken belief that their fees weren high enough. 
468 mtgox wasn tracking the coins were freshly generated what their height was their software. 
468 including this data would apparently non trivial change and for high risk finance software even trivial change takes lot work. 
468 suggested workaround basically just try spend the oldest coins and far know they implemented and was effective. 
468 they continued have problems with stuck transactions after and further analysis revealed that they were producing transactions with excessively padded signatures. 
468 minor tangent required here there design flaw the bitcoin protocol where its possible for third party take valid transaction yours and mutate way which leaves valid and functionally identical but with different transaction. 
468 this greatly complicates writing correct wallet software and can used abusively invalidate long chains unconfirmed transactions that depend the non mutant transaction since transactions refer each other txid. 
468 this issue arises from several sources one them being openssl willingness accept and make sense signatures with invalid encodings. 
468 normal ecdsa signature encodes two large integers the encoding isn constant length there are leading zeros you are supposed drop them. 
468 easy write software that assumes the signature will constant length and then leave extra leading zeros them. 
468 order eventually remove this malleability flaw been gradually tightening the rules that govern what transactions nodes the network will consider valid when they relay them mine them. 
468 after months work chasing down software authors get them fix their bugs transactions with these invalid encodings were longer relayed. 
468 this caused some problems for few things. 
468 itself had been fixed long before but they couldn update the iphone app without fear triggering another review apple. 
468 eventually this was just worked around the server side mutating the transactions produced the iphone wallets. 
468 and moot now guess. 
468 mtgox also had problems with occasionally producing invalid signatures. 
468 this would normally simple fix. 
468 here example where fixed this type issue some python wallet code never used but saw lot people were copying. 
468 com but said before high value systems like mtgox even simple fixes aren simple and took them quite some time deploy fix. 
468 however believe that actually fixed now. 
468 current understanding and inference that the remaining issues are because while mtgox was producing transactions the bad form that the network won relay anymore some people decided help out fixing these transactions like. 
468 did for iphone users making the signatures normal and broadcasting them. 
468 course the new transactions while functionally identical have different txids. 
468 the difference here that the mtgox wallet software appears have not handled this case gracefully all and apparently simply wouldn notice transactions that didn make spending its own coins. 
468 result the mtgox wallet believed some coins were available for spending which really had already been spent and began double spending those inputs. 
468 this may have interacted particularly poorly with the earlier workaround mentioned trying always use the oldest available coins they did implement that workaround. 
468 worse some this may have resulted users getting paid multiple times and could have been intentionally triggered with that end mind someone helpfully fixed some transactions and then noticed they got paid twice. 
468 think this unlikely have caused large losses before people run off worrying about that both because the reuse the oldest inputs and because the hot wallet cold wallet split. 
468 this point they likely have accounting mess clean figuring out who did and didn get paid now with none the txids matching. 
468 cleaning that will somewhat tricky. 
468 say there were three payments mtgox coins apple the block chain and three users that attempted pay apple and mtgox records thinks that only one went through. 
468 software will have written that matches transactions with their mutants order figure out what went where. 
468 not personally concerned least not any the details here. 
468 mtgox slow speed resolving these sorts issues and poor communications are not terribly inspiring. 
468 they seem horribly short staffed but competent and trustworthy people this space may hard find the regulatory morass that business sure make many steer clear. 
468 the claims that the delays indicate insolvency strike just hysteria the technical background doesn support this conclusion and there may bit opportunism play from people who want manipulate the market too. 
468 don get wrong have not seen their books gox may well have financial problems though with their income its hard for see how but any problems like that exist they not being indicated here. 
468 course none this suggests anyone should happy with the service mtgox has been providing but our anger should least well informed. 
468 february that wasn the time from copy saved another recipient still think defcon full shit with his will prevail our community shit. 
468 but don think the boy dunnit. 
468 redbookthe bbmc team there you have. 
468 take from what you will. 
468 but still wont going anywhere near. 
469 update having closely studied what posted above have come the conclusion that gasp oracle form the forum was probably correct his theory dox last week. 
469 not that support but his dox pritel internet name mods not delete was pretty accurate. 
469 the dox included everything that the above post says about the mtgox theft and other btc hacks. 
469 turns out this guy pritel was bragging about how helped code these sites and had found the btc protocol. 
469 says that hit bitstamp and gox with ddos flooded them with mutated transactions and made fortune. 
469 all sounded well oracle the time but now this bbmc update has come light actually believe this guy pritel person deep interest. 
469 have full uncensored copy pritel dox and will post redacted version below you can all see the relation and importance. 
469 but names address will included mods dont freak out. 
469 this now looks pretty conclusive. 
469 but only time will tell. 
469 also not stir shit but explanation above still doesnt put defcon the clear. 
469 defcon hired pritel after reccomendation from non other than stexo. 
469 possible that they could all sharing the profits behind the scenes. 
469 hence the repeated call for narco who probably doesnt exist and likely dropshpper from spain france. 
469 redacted dox pritel will posted soon. 
469 from blackstar february amwow have you posted this there this incredible true. 
469 mind share yeah for theres lot important information here. 
469 especially for the right people. 
470 unforeseen future nestled somewhere victims warnings signs slayer. 
471 from blackstar february pmquote from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
471 info and sharedcoin. 
471 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
471 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
471 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
471 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
471 com credible like blkchn hopefully the moment shared coin the only credible alternative bitcoin fog. 
472 sure you know this but ill mention anyway. 
472 info very javascript heavy you need enabled for that site. 
472 dont use tails just the tor browser bundle. 
472 here expereince with shared send blockchain. 
472 info since was modified use sharedcoin. 
472 com several weeks ago. 
472 can very slow. 
472 the little popup that happens when you start transaction can take long time complete. 
472 sometimes will not complete. 
472 when the transaction initiated will take longer confirm than standard transaction. 
472 sometimes couple hours. 
472 sometimes full day. 
472 rather than shared send vendor now have separate wallet blockchain. 
472 info that shared send. 
472 keep some btc there that when want use can transfer directly from there vendor. 
472 that way not concerned with the reliability time for shared send. 
473 has anyone been having problems with their tails freezing while they try shared coin send there way can avoid this the future. 
474 from drguacamole february pmi know the safest pgp but have some friends that wont use. 
474 maintain decent private communication have testing trying privnote and telegram secret chat mode. 
474 regarding privnote don really know secure fact have the very feeling that service runned the cia itself that can broken. 
474 telegram secret mode seems quite strong and secure the way the. 
474 usd they offer price for the first hacker that could break seems quite convincent. 
474 what you guys think think anyone who conducts confidential business smartphone taking risks telegram not. 
474 the industry standard for temporary notes. 
474 but way replacement for pgp. 
475 posting here cryptocurrency section too hidden. 
475 magical tux fatboy fanboy. 
475 jonwickedfire redacted has joined channelname mode channelname magicaltux magicaltu mtgox staff magicaltux has joined channelname hey mark. 
475 thanks for coming. 
475 know youre bit. 
475 shaken and stressed. 
475 are you doing okay more less its and tomorrow morning first time have lawyer appointment things couldnt better well not tomorrow but today now yeah youre the future over there japan lol. 
475 guys are even more the future yeah two places ive wanted visit but cringe the flight time alone. 
475 just wanted talk you here pressure you dont have answer anything you dont want. 
475 weve chatted before briefly. 
475 you know lil something. 
475 yep and with all what happened yesterday even though knew all that didnt let contacts fox business publish because didnt want see bitcoin gox going flames could salvaged. 
475 obviously holding that info back and not publishing tumblr leaking docs first allowed someone else stake claim first. 
475 but you win some you lose some. 
475 and honestly not fan people posting things that are rumors bullshit not verified just because damages the shit out someone company. 
475 and really cannot taken back afterwards. 
475 that crisis strategy draft even legit more less the name suggests its draft and its bunch proposals deal with the issue hand not things that are actually planned and done this said this document was not produced mtgox saw some strategies there that had shared with you but also saw some things there that would have never suggested anyone ever through with would make you look horrible. 
475 think lot people ignored the draft part. 
475 was just really surprising see that being leaked. 
475 you think was leaked someone purposely hurt you personally gox general you think was leaked someone purposely hurt you personally gox general have some doubts heh bet. 
475 are you stepping down ceo and away from gox too you cant legally disclose then just say cant disclose that yety yet. 
475 the reason asking because after yesterdays events you removing yourself from the foundation and deleting the twitter account posts and all. 
475 right away speculation within the bitcoin arena went into hyper chaotic mode and the word the street was that you were closing shop and running away with all their monies and bitcoin. 
475 how does that make you feel hear see people you bailed out yourself and stood for over the years turn you like that not good mark know youre not one for expressing yourself but heres your chance because you really have stepped before and done things one else ever had. 
475 probably will again. 
475 and seems like all has been quickly forgotten and instead youre being labeled the madoff bitcoin. 
475 were having this chat and youre still japan your apt office and not cave somewhere right look mark you took mtgox and ran with built stuck with and took level one ever thought possible. 
475 when other exchanges were crippled you stepped and bailed them out absorbed them save the bitcoin market general. 
475 exchange brought you massive surge customers and press that made you look like the hero the day and then some. 
475 but what most people forget too was that you werent set handle this from the start. 
475 were having this chat and youre still japan your apt office and not cave somewhere right home with cat being pain sleeping the keyboard yeah doesnt sound like someone the run with bags money. 
475 whats the plan now for you and mtgox cant comment that yet alright. 
475 mostly because doing could compromise our current efforts imgur the simple image sharer cat pushing keyboard pushing the keyboard back the desk you guys are still actively trying save though havent given you could have given and walked away bunch times previously but you always stuck out. 
475 even though others have closed and walked away why have you continued fight and work and not give giving not part how usually things you want tell your side this bit more like what youve sacrificed given personally have imagine its taken quite toll you. 
475 well first would guess health what you mean took more than since handling mtgox compensating for stress eating guessing stress from lack sleep too like now. 
475 heh and drinking liters coca cola how american almost american actually since some people see coca cola being non american lol anyway should try get some sleep already waking hours err one more thing. 
475 and starting tired pushing keyboard stays the desk you still believe the viability unregulated digital currency like bitcoin tho difficult tbqh the pressure got from banks and governments makes things very hard you think were regulated would make easier work things out partially how well first avoid being blocked banks and governments around the world regulated means that long you follow the regulations youre fine the biggest question people really have asked though are you personally vested mtgox with your own btc and whether not you like everyone else have taken personal hit and are the same boat they are terms taking loss hit from the recent events and whether not you like everyone else have taken personal hit and are the same boat they are terms taking loss hit from the recent events any btc own personally were mtgox how much did you lose yourself well technically speaking its not lost just yet just temporarily unavailable magicaltux magicaltu mtgox staff magicaltux realname mark karpeles channels channelname server calvino. 
475 net milan account magicaltux end whois well how much unavail for you not even sure guys reddit and wickedfire are running around posting screenshots horror stories about how much bitcoin they have lost from this. 
475 didnt check wallet before pushing the site offline anyway maybe should sleep now anything else youd like say everyone before all the pissed off people start going nuts even more. 
475 not really maybe just link something like that why fall gag well well see how this one goes anyway well like chat more but know youre pushing sleep. 
475 and long you are saying youre not disappearing from this. 
475 still think you should say something more all these people least reveal how much youve taken hit for personally. 
475 would show them that you are still their side. 
475 the way that whole removal from the foundation did you decide leave that before after the chats with them help save gox versus let fail. 
477 made the cryptocurrency sub its own sub opposed child board now feel free move this over there you want. 
478 know the safest pgp but have some friends that wont use. 
478 maintain decent private communication have testing trying privnote and telegram secret chat mode. 
478 regarding privnote don really know secure fact have the very feeling that service runned the cia itself that can broken. 
478 telegram secret mode seems quite strong and secure the way the. 
478 usd they offer price for the first hacker that could break seems quite convincent. 
478 what you guys think. 
479 had this argument the bmr forums and was derailed death but think its common senseprivnote safer then pgp and here whyok you place order market for drugs and give your address with privnoteseller ships your order then gets raidedgives his private key passwords etc ordered judge and you used pgp your address would viewablenow lets look some more practical thingsprivnote isnt stored your computerwhat the fuck normal non criminal person doing with pgp their computer privnotes are made day. 
479 even one has your whatever shit its impossible say was used for anything illegal and its also impossible tie back agora etc because the message deletedpgp however can tied back and all messages can read you are ordered give who dont like privnote only dont like because the. 
479 chance that messages arent actually deleted and are recoverable the fbito date there has been nothing suggest this and arrests have been made because recovered privnote messages the publics knowledgeand obviously privnote has nothing with safely encrypted sensitive files records etcbut think privnote should always used when making purchase here for contraband. 
480 from axa february pmquote from blackstar february pmquote from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
480 info and sharedcoin. 
480 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
480 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
480 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
480 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
480 com credible like blkchn hopefully the moment shared coin the only credible alternative bitcoin fog. 
480 know and not nealry good shared send was. 
480 but think the feds kinda gave kick the pants get that feature removed. 
481 shared send gone friend. 
481 and have been having issues with tails using shared coin simply wont let. 
481 says loading but nothing working happening the box stays greyish rather than the blue clickable button. 
481 thought was just. 
482 from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
482 info and sharedcoin. 
482 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
482 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
482 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
482 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
482 com credible like blkchn hopefully. 
483 from mdparity february amhowdy blackbanks system takes the commission before starting the escrow transaction. 
483 the transaction only has single output instead two. 
483 this way blackbank more than happy allow vendors buyers finalize outside blackbank. 
483 the only trust issue would blackbank offers support there are problems. 
483 however that lot less risky than traditional centralized escrow systems and easier for the buyer vendor. 
483 sure buyer vendor would prioritize verifying that the funds transactions over verifying support. 
483 however still promise continue support with any issues ive been offering advice and support outside blackbank entirely even members other markets. 
483 its important help each other the community. 
483 growing safe and secure community mutually beneficial for everyone regardless immediate financial gain. 
483 cheers idea like feel like both can win this situation. 
483 get the buyer send the commission first the market then you can release all public keys allow the buyer and seller feel safer about the transaction. 
484 from jolly roger february amquote from mdparity february amhowdy blackbanks system takes the commission before starting the escrow transaction. 
484 the transaction only has single output instead two. 
484 this way blackbank more than happy allow vendors buyers finalize outside blackbank. 
484 the only trust issue would blackbank offers support there are problems. 
484 however that lot less risky than traditional centralized escrow systems and easier for the buyer vendor. 
484 sure buyer vendor would prioritize verifying that the funds transactions over verifying support. 
484 however still promise continue support with any issues ive been offering advice and support outside blackbank entirely even members other markets. 
484 its important help each other the community. 
484 growing safe and secure community mutually beneficial for everyone regardless immediate financial gain. 
484 cheers idea like feel like both can win this situation. 
484 get the buyer send the commission first the market then you can release all public keys allow the buyer and seller feel safer about the transaction. 
484 and there have. 
484 solution that doesnt centralise all power with the market. 
485 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february pmi have disagree with this guy the server doesnt give you the opportunity verify the address then its not worth. 
485 they could give you multi sig that with addresses both controlled the market. 
485 this opens you obvious scams. 
485 dont fall for what proposing. 
485 verify the address and protect yourself from scams. 
485 first all your accusations about are very offensive. 
485 accusing that trying get you all fall for something. 
485 and not think you completely understand the entire process multisignature addresses make the claims you are making. 
485 how this any more risky than the escrow system that markets had before the markets were controlling the funds and getting robbed and cleaned out several occasions. 
485 people were placing trust markets before and now suddenly you are worried about getting scammed where were you speaking out with the old escrow system sorry that you feel offended but dont think have said anything below the belt. 
485 you are proposing multi sig escrow solution which doesnt protect the buyer from rogue markets incompetent developers. 
485 kind poinltess opionion. 
485 regarding risk compared previous its the same market could rogue loose all its coins due incompetent devs. 
485 whats your point you are proposing solution that still exposes users the same problems. 
485 and its not sudden worry. 
485 have raised the issue mutli sig way before the debacle. 
485 take the time through postings this forum and others and you will see have been long term proponent multi sig. 
485 way beforfe became fashinable. 
485 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february also makes sense for the market hide this the buyer seller wanted avoid fees they could set their own escrow. 
485 also the situation jolly roger describes above the buyer could sign transaction sending all funds vendor and then vendor verifies and also signs the transaction. 
485 funds released market bypassed. 
485 the market not protected. 
485 yes they buyer and seller could set their own escrow outside the market but this would stupid because having makes possible for the market become the arbitrator. 
485 only one the people involved has scammer and then the funds are locked forever. 
485 with the buyer tries scam then the market can provide the second key unlock the funds send the seller. 
485 this why better than. 
485 also the case the market cannot bypassed without the redeemscript generated the time that the multisignature address created. 
485 the market holds the redeemscript multisignature address then the buyer and seller cannot complete the transaction the side without the market and therefore cut out the markets fees. 
485 another security issue with releasing all public keys involved that lets the participants know whether not the seller buyer server are reusing private key and therefore making them more susceptible attacks. 
485 doesnt benefit the scammer financially pull scam. 
485 which removes most the motive. 
485 agree better but not the market doesnt allow the buyer vendor confirm the address you are proposing. 
485 wouldnt touch market that insists hiding the details the address from you. 
485 its too open abuse incompetence. 
485 agreed the redeem script. 
485 but the market cant really withold the script someone can generate themselves from the original inputs. 
485 dont think its security issue the buyer vendor can see the market reusing the same keys. 
485 this would excellent way people being able ascertain the market coded incompetent. 
485 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february the market would rely getting income through signing transaction which sends most funds vendor and commision market. 
485 this would then signed the buyer when happy. 
485 the buyer starts bypassing the market fee transaction then banned. 
485 but hide all away from the user and not give them the ability able verify addresses avoid this market set. 
485 its not healthy. 
485 harder verify you might think see the buyer and seller are closing the deal the side. 
485 unless the market constantly searching through the blockchain for funds spent from that multisignature address would extremely difficult verify that buyer and seller are bypassing the market cut out their fees. 
485 dont see the issue here. 
485 what difficult about this exactly anyone running the bitcond client always getting every transaction. 
485 the databse holding transactions could checked for transactions once week that are older than one month. 
485 any such transaction which has the funds removed from the address would flagged having done deal outside the market. 
485 could probably write bash script this fairly quickly. 
485 missing something here what the difficulty from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february pmi would warn anyone away from the setup jolly roger promoting. 
485 will lead more scams the future and will not allow you verify multi sig setup correctly. 
485 what you are basically saying here that the market should trust the buyers but the buyers should not trust the market. 
485 the market has every incentive keep the ability unlock funds itself out its own hands that not target for hackers. 
485 the market has the ability unlock the funds without any buyer seller input would make the market very dangerous and this not desirable and defeats the purpose for the markets. 
485 but giving out the keys and the redeemscript the buyer and seller gives them the ability close the deal outside the market and bypass fees. 
485 again you are not able trust your market then yes contact the seller and say you want with your seller outside the market and you can easily set one. 
485 but with fees average bypassing the fees will become more common than you think and harder detect than you think. 
485 especially when you are dealing with thousands transactions. 
485 ronin understand what you are saying and you make valid point that would likely desirable for buyer have this setup. 
485 but not desireable for market have this setup since the market relies market fees and giving your customers the ability cut you out the deal bad for business. 
485 there are plenty free and multisignature services out there now that you can use. 
485 you are not comfortable using the markets system then use another one that gives you the public keys. 
485 but you expect the markets start giving you the ability bypass their commissions then you will likely never happy. 
485 not think makes sense for markets this. 
485 the cost running market high and allowing your buyers not pay their taxes speak dumb move for the market. 
485 you not trust your market outside the market. 
485 you make the choice. 
485 think has already been shown that markets suffer from fraudulent owners incompetent developers. 
485 not saying markets shouldnt charge fee. 
485 but also not proposing solution that offers benefits unless you abolutely trust the markets honesty and development abiity which recent events have shown arent good bet. 
485 think this benefits everyone involved. 
485 while hear what you are saying about maintaining the dominance markets and that users should trust them with multi sig respectfully disagree think its appalling setup and will only lead more scams and hacks. 
485 sovles nothing and doesnt move towards trustless system. 
486 amnesia amnesia gpg list packets pgpkey file. 
486 txtamnesia amnesia gpg list packets pgpkey file. 
486 txtamnesia amnesia diff file. 
486 txt version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key expires after looks like they represent the date differently and have slight stylistic differences. 
486 edit wow brain wasnt working. 
486 the even more important difference that the second key has expiration date. 
486 the first key good forever. 
486 always have expiration date your key and always have revocation certificate backed somewhere case your key compromised. 
487 bitcoin also messed computer and dont like the idea the client having store the entire blockchain computer. 
487 info because pretty damn simple and has never given problems. 
487 however know will have sacrafice conveinience for security and happy. 
487 unfortunetly not all people will feel that way quite possibly the majority. 
487 ready try wallet that supports mst and will have soon can explain how works all the. 
488 web wallets can secure they are fully client side but you take the risk that the javascript not malicious unless you verify everytime. 
488 prefer bitcoind over electrum for reasons electrum crap for signing multisigs. 
488 give and you will see what mean. 
488 other than transfering coins multi sig address isnt multi sig compliant. 
488 bitcoind has the whole blockchain. 
488 electrum requests the data for addresses sends server. 
488 the server can then link your addresses and potentially deanonoymise you. 
488 bitcoind you have the whole blockchain one can link nothing you. 
488 having said that electrum obviously more convenient and space saving. 
488 have been working plugin for trying fix multi sig signing electrum but havent had much time devote this would have liked recently. 
488 but will continue and hopefully have out before electrum fix albert one thing would say though allow people able verify the multi sig address legit giving them the public keys needed recreate. 
488 markets and vendors buyer will already have his own key. 
488 pointless have multi sig the user cant generate the address themselves and verify legit. 
489 this brings some credibility theft. 
489 gox gets robbed anyone else can too. 
490 yea man sorry. 
490 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
490 not sure they all got stolen what. 
490 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
490 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
490 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
490 who knows though. 
490 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
491 been waiting almost weeks withdraw wash coins and now the sites gone down. 
491 what are the people the know doing about this. 
492 sorry keep your head. 
493 from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
493 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
493 not sure they all got stolen what. 
493 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
493 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
493 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
493 who knows though. 
493 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
493 omg was thinking this minutes ago. 
493 what they are just hoarding all the coins one offline wallet till the can just ruin the rate bitcoin. 
494 had some coin there day trade with which pretty easy profit from volatile market like gox when you can see the order book and know when the spikes would happen. 
494 never bothered leave aml trail because was easy enough withdraw profits btc sell localbitcoins. 
494 now appears shit out luck for rest stuck there. 
495 from bandcamp february amquote from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
495 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
495 not sure they all got stolen what. 
495 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
495 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
495 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
495 who knows though. 
495 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
495 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
495 heard that too that number astronomical for none the reddit skript kiddies see that trail coins the blockchain. 
495 but also heard was because transaction maleablity and apperantly that not possibility from what others with knowledge have posted about the topic after the hack. 
495 wish knew enough figure out but don even know how spell and too lazy look. 
496 from wrathmore february amas legal tax paying business surely there aduty care and reimbursement here. 
496 mean whether btc are seen legit not they were providing service and they have failed that right think too but with fdic insurance they wouldnt have the funds pay back people the coins were stolen. 
496 like bank not fdic insured may not able pay you back after bank robbery its gon its gone. 
496 thats the main issue see even was court ordered pay back the btc just simply does not have and guess that would just bankruptcy for him and gox and has live with death threats forever. 
497 from evilgrin february amany you guys want start bitcoin exchange with can all split half billion dollars market for that matter. 
498 from bandcamp february amquote from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
498 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
498 not sure they all got stolen what. 
498 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
498 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
498 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
498 who knows though. 
498 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
498 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
498 yeah was around. 
498 but they were found. 
498 com news bitcoin mtgox theft. 
499 how can make back. 
499 and remember when the silkroad got busted and the feds sold all there funds and the price went. 
499 how come when utopia got busted its still. 
500 from cooked february pmi had this argument the bmr forums and was derailed death but think its common senseprivnote safer then pgp and here whyok you place order market for drugs and give your address with privnoteseller ships your order then gets raidedgives his private key passwords etc ordered judge and you used pgp your address would viewablenow lets look some more practical thingsprivnote isnt stored your computerwhat the fuck normal non criminal person doing with pgp their computer privnotes are made day. 
500 even one has your whatever shit its impossible say was used for anything illegal and its also impossible tie back agora etc because the message deletedpgp however can tied back and all messages can read you are ordered give who dont like privnote only dont like because the. 
500 chance that messages arent actually deleted and are recoverable the fbito date there has been nothing suggest this and arrests have been made because recovered privnote messages the publics knowledgeand obviously privnote has nothing with safely encrypted sensitive files records etcbut think privnote should always used when making purchase here for why trust party also privnote requires ive heard unsafe enable any scripts tor have been misinformed kind regards. 
501 the pump and dump was done wall street after fell. 
501 they pumped past. 
501 then did massive sell off. 
501 rumor has chase banking cartel used the fast profits they made bitcoin help fund the development their version bitcoin. 
502 from jolly roger february pmquote from patrick february amtrue but there are lots vpn services which advertises itself providers who doesnt keep any logs all. 
502 the event this true wouldnt this solution safe one after all the feds goes the vpn provider but its dead end there. 
502 yes but this case vpn discovered hosting somebody interest then they can forced court order keep logs. 
502 this happened hide ass and another vpn which escapes right now. 
502 just remember that nobody will jail for you. 
502 check out post about the pedophile ring. 
502 msg msg was good read thank you. 
502 how about this solution tor over vpn like axa mentioned here. 
502 msg msg sorry dont want pain the ass just trying find the best solution available person. 
503 have feeling that they disabled registration help deal with all the users whose bitcoins were already missing due the negative balance bug the users whose bitcoins not show pending and other users who will not getting repaid. 
504 here another tip. 
504 you have foil bags and want ship something that will smell you can use pvc pipe. 
504 get anything from larger than that and gets very heavy. 
504 look for thinwall. 
504 get end caps and the glue. 
504 put your goods the pipe section you cut off glue the end caps and wait bit for them dry. 
504 you now have odor proof container send out and wont set off any metal detectors either. 
505 otr can used with nearly any transport. 
505 otr likely the most secure way youll have messaging for while. 
506 not sure where they are pulling their btc rate from. 
506 its also entirely possible that due the rapid fall and expected quick rebound that the devs locked temporarily keep customers from drastically over spending. 
506 ofc this would have been bad move the rebound had not happened would have put burden back onto vendors but overall cant blame them for doing. 
506 honestly was probably good move favor the customers the time but since looks like btc going back the rise now that the whole fear gox collapsing over they should put back auto tracking. 
507 yeah bitcoin money torrent download. 
507 not centralized which means instead running one server which shut down would the end running upon computers and servers order for shut down you would need shut down every computer running aka the whole internet. 
507 this precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
508 howdy blackbanks system takes the commission before starting the escrow transaction. 
508 the transaction only has single output instead two. 
508 this way blackbank more than happy allow vendors buyers finalize outside blackbank. 
508 the only trust issue would blackbank offers support there are problems. 
508 however that lot less risky than traditional centralized escrow systems and easier for the buyer vendor. 
508 sure buyer vendor would prioritize verifying that the funds transactions over verifying support. 
508 however still promise continue support with any issues ive been offering advice and support outside blackbank entirely even members other markets. 
508 its important help each other the community. 
508 growing safe and secure community mutually beneficial for everyone regardless immediate financial gain. 
509 from ofl pwmolzg february amuse more privacy friendly exchange like btc with fresh deposit tumbling fog coinjoin shared send but also move into other coins and then tumbling fog coinjoin shared send those other coins and then move back into bitcoin. 
509 when something like zerocoin comes out for real usage and has market obviously moving and out that would the ultimate method. 
509 very cool feel like many more ideas here the better. 
510 recent scam revelation. 
511 well ive been playing around with the idea having secure multi sigs implementation tba for while now and been toying around with number different bitcoin clients that currently support transaction some form another. 
511 and ive had folks with their ideas asto why should have such system place well why they believe not. 
511 set for debate amongst our users. 
511 and having heard both sides the argument the overwhelming choice was for favor multi sig integration. 
511 despite the niggles and constraints presented end user. 
511 with various bicoin clients out there was wondering what the spread was like and hence the poll. 
511 maybe you could also drop line two asto why you use prefer the said client over another thatd totally awesome. 
511 though pretty close having had worked out fine balance for how about without being too complicated some users suggested seemed like know what people out here use their favorite bitcoin client. 
512 security bitcoin depends the blockchain being held full many people. 
512 bitcoin and armory exactly that. 
512 however given enough copies the blockchain one can assume the system secure from the data being lost and rely other nodes provide the information require when need. 
512 many users like having the whole blockchain available them but that problem for you use lightweight wallet like electrum. 
512 all the wallets available only armory and electrum only need backed once ever. 
512 careful with web wallets they have been hacked before. 
512 keeping your bitcoin locally using client your own computer always more secure. 
513 from missjones february pmquote from axa february pmsecurity bitcoin depends the blockchain being held full many people. 
513 bitcoin and armory exactly that. 
513 however given enough copies the blockchain one can assume the system secure from the data being lost and rely other nodes provide the information require when need. 
513 many users like having the whole blockchain available them but that problem for you use lightweight wallet like electrum. 
513 all the wallets available only armory and electrum only need backed once ever. 
513 careful with web wallets they have been hacked before. 
513 keeping your bitcoin locally using client your own computer always more secure. 
513 can see reason use web wallet unless you have small amount there. 
513 has armory the most secure moment. 
513 the most secure web wallets atm are blockchain. 
513 info and coinbase. 
513 coinbase keeps over bitcoin cold storage and moves users hot wallet needed. 
514 from cooked february amas its huge ass nigga file and anused itself then fucked mac dont like spending computer only have fucked albert from evilgrin february ambitcoin also messed computer and dont like the idea the client having store the entire blockchain computer. 
514 info because pretty damn simple and has never given problems. 
514 great feedbacks people. 
514 just what was looking for. 
514 got very little hands experience with bitcoinqt but gather its just python based gui for the bash based bitcoind program but with limited features. 
514 but interesting know that its messed your computers sure wasnt something else and yes youre right requires bitcoind updated the lastest blockchain and synced all function which about gigs now from axa february pmbitcoin and armory exactly that. 
514 many users like having the whole blockchain available them but that problem for you use lightweight wallet like electrum. 
514 careful with web wallets they have been hacked before. 
514 keeping your bitcoin locally using client your own computer always more secure. 
514 unfortunately armory doesnt support multi sigs just yet but definitely agree its the most secure offline wallet program out there and therefore use for the markets cold storage. 
514 comes two flavors online and offline and unlike the online version which requires good ram the offline version can run and most folks use old rusty which doesnt require internet. 
514 ideal for offline storage. 
514 from missjones february pmagree. 
514 the most secure web wallets atm are blockchain. 
514 info and coinbase. 
514 coinbase keeps over bitcoin cold storage and moves users hot wallet needed. 
514 correct wrong looked into trying out the coinbase api for multisigs and they only support transactions upto couple hundred dollars day without dox anything above and for larger transactions requires verified account. 
514 should forward them ssn from ronin february pmweb wallets can secure they are fully client side but you take the risk that the javascript not malicious unless you verify everytime. 
514 electrum crap for signing multisigs. 
514 give and you will see what mean. 
514 other than transfering coins multi sig address isnt multi sig compliant. 
514 the server can then link your addresses and potentially deanonoymise you. 
514 bitcoind you have the whole blockchain one can link nothing you. 
514 albert one thing would say though allow people able verify the multi sig address legit giving them the public keys needed recreate. 
514 markets and vendors buyer will already have his own key. 
514 pointless have multi sig the user cant generate the address themselves and verify legit. 
514 some pretty awesome and important points. 
514 well yes the clients would generating their own key pairs pub and priv keys for precisely that. 
514 such verify transactions then broadcast them well for vendors later redeem them. 
514 the idea have this done pretty simple steps. 
515 from albert february amalso drop line two asto why you use prefer the said client over another thatd totally awesomei use few other things too but for this conversation preference seems around these kryptokit. 
516 the different torescrow threads have now been merged. 
517 from axa february pmsecurity bitcoin depends the blockchain being held full many people. 
517 bitcoin and armory exactly that. 
517 however given enough copies the blockchain one can assume the system secure from the data being lost and rely other nodes provide the information require when need. 
517 many users like having the whole blockchain available them but that problem for you use lightweight wallet like electrum. 
517 all the wallets available only armory and electrum only need backed once ever. 
517 careful with web wallets they have been hacked before. 
517 keeping your bitcoin locally using client your own computer always more secure. 
517 can see reason use web wallet unless you have small amount there. 
517 has armory the most secure moment. 
518 you have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
518 info and sharedcoin. 
518 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
518 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
519 heard the news that there are issues with the btc mkt. 
519 didnt catch the full story. 
519 hopefully misunderstood the little that heard. 
519 was under the impression that the only way that thebtc could destroyed when the entire internet goes down. 
519 hopefully someone can shed come light the topic. 
520 this looks good. 
520 like the wot rating system. 
521 sure you know this but ill mention anyway. 
521 info very javascript heavy you need enabled for that site. 
521 dont use tails just the tor browser bundle. 
521 here expereince with shared send blockchain. 
521 info since was modified use sharedcoin. 
521 com several weeks ago. 
521 can very slow. 
521 the little popup that happens when you start transaction can take long time complete. 
521 sometimes will not complete. 
521 when the transaction initiated will take longer confirm than standard transaction. 
521 sometimes couple hours. 
521 sometimes full day. 
521 rather than shared send vendor now have separate wallet blockchain. 
521 info that shared send. 
521 keep some btc there that when want use can transfer directly from there vendor. 
521 that way not concerned with the reliability time for shared send. 
522 from blackstar february pmquote from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
522 info and sharedcoin. 
522 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
522 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
522 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
522 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
522 com credible like blkchn hopefully the moment shared coin the only credible alternative bitcoin fog. 
523 yea was all over the news yesterday all can say. 
524 anyone used bizniz from any info discussion would appreciated thanks. 
525 been waiting almost weeks withdraw wash coins and now the sites gone down. 
525 what are the people the know doing about this. 
526 sorry keep your head. 
527 from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
527 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
527 not sure they all got stolen what. 
527 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
527 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
527 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
527 who knows though. 
527 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
527 omg was thinking this minutes ago. 
527 what they are just hoarding all the coins one offline wallet till the can just ruin the rate bitcoin. 
528 this brings some credibility theft. 
528 gox gets robbed anyone else can too. 
529 yea man sorry. 
529 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
529 not sure they all got stolen what. 
529 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
529 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
529 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
529 who knows though. 
529 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
530 had some coin there day trade with which pretty easy profit from volatile market like gox when you can see the order book and know when the spikes would happen. 
530 never bothered leave aml trail because was easy enough withdraw profits btc sell localbitcoins. 
530 now appears shit out luck for rest stuck there. 
531 from bandcamp february amquote from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
531 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
531 not sure they all got stolen what. 
531 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
531 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
531 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
531 who knows though. 
531 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
531 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
531 heard that too that number astronomical for none the reddit skript kiddies see that trail coins the blockchain. 
531 but also heard was because transaction maleablity and apperantly that not possibility from what others with knowledge have posted about the topic after the hack. 
531 wish knew enough figure out but don even know how spell and too lazy look. 
532 from wrathmore february amas legal tax paying business surely there aduty care and reimbursement here. 
532 mean whether btc are seen legit not they were providing service and they have failed that right think too but with fdic insurance they wouldnt have the funds pay back people the coins were stolen. 
532 like bank not fdic insured may not able pay you back after bank robbery its gon its gone. 
532 thats the main issue see even was court ordered pay back the btc just simply does not have and guess that would just bankruptcy for him and gox and has live with death threats forever. 
533 from evilgrin february amany you guys want start bitcoin exchange with can all split half billion dollars market for that matter. 
534 from bandcamp february amquote from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
534 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
534 not sure they all got stolen what. 
534 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
534 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
534 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
534 who knows though. 
534 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
534 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
534 yeah was around. 
534 but they were found. 
534 com news bitcoin mtgox theft. 
535 howdy blackbanks system takes the commission before starting the escrow transaction. 
535 the transaction only has single output instead two. 
535 this way blackbank more than happy allow vendors buyers finalize outside blackbank. 
535 the only trust issue would blackbank offers support there are problems. 
535 however that lot less risky than traditional centralized escrow systems and easier for the buyer vendor. 
535 sure buyer vendor would prioritize verifying that the funds transactions over verifying support. 
535 however still promise continue support with any issues ive been offering advice and support outside blackbank entirely even members other markets. 
535 its important help each other the community. 
535 growing safe and secure community mutually beneficial for everyone regardless immediate financial gain. 
536 from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
536 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
536 not sure they all got stolen what. 
536 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
536 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
536 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
536 who knows though. 
536 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
536 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
537 legal tax paying business surely there aduty care and reimbursement here. 
537 mean whether btc are seen legit not they were providing service and they have failed that right. 
538 dont think its any excuse for its dark net site security the biggest issue. 
538 course for mtgox but fucking hell you dont expect darknet market vulnerable thats the whole point doing illegal activity online security. 
539 until gox comes back online nothing can done. 
540 from ofl pwmolzg february amuse more privacy friendly exchange like btc with fresh deposit tumbling fog coinjoin shared send but also move into other coins and then tumbling fog coinjoin shared send those other coins and then move back into bitcoin. 
540 when something like zerocoin comes out for real usage and has market obviously moving and out that would the ultimate method. 
540 very cool feel like many more ideas here the better. 
541 what you think hubites your experience with agora and pandora the same mine. 
542 how can make back. 
542 and remember when the silkroad got busted and the feds sold all there funds and the price went. 
542 how come when utopia got busted its still. 
543 opps seen topic agora lol some guy said this yeah went check. 
543 their exchange rate ticker api frozen. 
543 the issue actually with blockchain not agora. 
544 good answer thats what thinking also just wanted some input. 
544 yea not sure about there rate seems close bitstamp usually but thats because check bitstamp probably. 
544 hope starts move really havent seen move hrs. 
545 whats going cant still. 
545 like yesterday the caculator whatever stuck anyone wanna talk about this with haha decided invest nothing huge bitcoins today about. 
545 and went about. 
545 right now most places and agora still says. 
545 also think bitcoins are about. 
545 hit fucking yahoo and other mainstream media outlets today because that gox fucker. 
546 wow have you posted this there this incredible true. 
547 from cooked february pmi had this argument the bmr forums and was derailed death but think its common senseprivnote safer then pgp and here whyok you place order market for drugs and give your address with privnoteseller ships your order then gets raidedgives his private key passwords etc ordered judge and you used pgp your address would viewablenow lets look some more practical thingsprivnote isnt stored your computerwhat the fuck normal non criminal person doing with pgp their computer privnotes are made day. 
547 even one has your whatever shit its impossible say was used for anything illegal and its also impossible tie back agora etc because the message deletedpgp however can tied back and all messages can read you are ordered give who dont like privnote only dont like because the. 
547 chance that messages arent actually deleted and are recoverable the fbito date there has been nothing suggest this and arrests have been made because recovered privnote messages the publics knowledgeand obviously privnote has nothing with safely encrypted sensitive files records etcbut think privnote should always used when making purchase here for why trust party also privnote requires ive heard unsafe enable any scripts tor have been misinformed kind regards. 
548 know the safest pgp but have some friends that wont use. 
548 maintain decent private communication have testing trying privnote and telegram secret chat mode. 
548 regarding privnote don really know secure fact have the very feeling that service runned the cia itself that can broken. 
548 telegram secret mode seems quite strong and secure the way the. 
548 usd they offer price for the first hacker that could break seems quite convincent. 
548 what you guys think. 
549 had this argument the bmr forums and was derailed death but think its common senseprivnote safer then pgp and here whyok you place order market for drugs and give your address with privnoteseller ships your order then gets raidedgives his private key passwords etc ordered judge and you used pgp your address would viewablenow lets look some more practical thingsprivnote isnt stored your computerwhat the fuck normal non criminal person doing with pgp their computer privnotes are made day. 
549 even one has your whatever shit its impossible say was used for anything illegal and its also impossible tie back agora etc because the message deletedpgp however can tied back and all messages can read you are ordered give who dont like privnote only dont like because the. 
549 chance that messages arent actually deleted and are recoverable the fbito date there has been nothing suggest this and arrests have been made because recovered privnote messages the publics knowledgeand obviously privnote has nothing with safely encrypted sensitive files records etcbut think privnote should always used when making purchase here for contraband. 
550 the pump and dump was done wall street after fell. 
550 they pumped past. 
550 then did massive sell off. 
550 rumor has chase banking cartel used the fast profits they made bitcoin help fund the development their version bitcoin. 
551 the forums are still available online you should able find the whole sad saga easily enough. 
551 remember limetless vouched for vladimirs bitcoin hedge fund which was offering silly returns and was obvious ponzi scheme. 
551 ultimately vladimir disappeared with the funds after was late some payments and began receiving calls his workplace. 
551 and not long afterwards limetless had overdose and disappeared from the scene. 
551 does anybody else remember this have link mirror the forums wonder what ever became that cast screen names. 
552 had money account before the attack whatever happened. 
552 now says but have been reading where some people have been getting their money back. 
552 accont and have hit refresh etc etc. 
552 still says will ever get coin back. 
553 buy all the bitcoins existance advertise everywhere that bitcoins are the best thing since sliced bread sell the bitcoinsi say pump you say dumppump. 
554 not sure where they are pulling their btc rate from. 
554 its also entirely possible that due the rapid fall and expected quick rebound that the devs locked temporarily keep customers from drastically over spending. 
554 ofc this would have been bad move the rebound had not happened would have put burden back onto vendors but overall cant blame them for doing. 
554 honestly was probably good move favor the customers the time but since looks like btc going back the rise now that the whole fear gox collapsing over they should put back auto tracking. 
555 yea and unlike where the theif virtually anonymous fatfuck has worry about more than moving coins around. 
555 needs worry about moving himself around his are pretty much public record. 
555 almost feel bad for the guy. 
556 any intelligent person would register website and business like mtgox stolen identity. 
556 not only these websites operate completely the gray area law but situation like this you would def want run off with that million bitcoin dat mill million dollai bet fatboy faggot feels like dick now for not understanding identity theftjust cost you million dollarsfaggot. 
557 most people use bitcoin web based wallet personally think bitcoin rots your hard drive its huge ass nigga file and anused itself then fucked mac dont like spending computer only have fucked albert dont. 
558 from axa february pmsecurity bitcoin depends the blockchain being held full many people. 
558 bitcoin and armory exactly that. 
558 however given enough copies the blockchain one can assume the system secure from the data being lost and rely other nodes provide the information require when need. 
558 many users like having the whole blockchain available them but that problem for you use lightweight wallet like electrum. 
558 all the wallets available only armory and electrum only need backed once ever. 
558 careful with web wallets they have been hacked before. 
558 keeping your bitcoin locally using client your own computer always more secure. 
558 can see reason use web wallet unless you have small amount there. 
558 has armory the most secure moment. 
559 wasnt trying macbook was trying imac with optical drive but was trying boot tails from usb not. 
559 the proccess fairly complicated. 
559 there are few methods but the only one got work was installing via command line. 
559 there are directions the site that explain how this and you can simply copy paste the commands and replace the with the. 
559 iso compy pasting the command line when asks for its directory. 
559 for simply would not install this way and was because was missing command that was not the instructions. 
559 something retarded like dev the end certain command. 
559 after about hours trying figured this out and got successfully install. 
559 next you need bootloader because mac has efi loader instead. 
559 for this they say you need refind which older version refit. 
559 could not get install because already had refit there with hopes remove. 
559 when turned computer the usb drive shows but only boots blank screen and goes where. 
559 after few more hours tinkinering gave. 
560 from mirage february pmquote from raztafarii february pmwell ive pretty much given this point. 
560 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
560 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
560 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
560 key one used verify the. 
560 the tails signing. 
560 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
560 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
560 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
560 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
560 just might look into. 
560 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
560 never give and you shouldnt even worrying about terminal for now. 
560 for starters just try burn the. 
560 iso dvd using disk utility mentioned above. 
560 then you can worry about verifing and signatures and what not later. 
560 first things first. 
560 and you might not even have use reefit just hold down the option key when booting see your list connected drives give try works for only use. 
560 for legal stuff for number reasons. 
560 the least which its the last version you dont have download and can have original dvd installation disk. 
560 well you read the small print the licensing agreement apple didnt join the nsas prizm program until after steve jobs died. 
560 just went down like that. 
560 and there are many other good reasons run. 
560 and nothing after. 
560 and even better reasons run linux tails ect. 
560 dont give just yet are all here help try what mentioned above and just lemmie know peacemirageoki thanks for the encouragement wont give yet would get the burning onto the dvd but drive all jacked put itll never coma back out unless manage pull out. 
560 will usb work really want avoid buying anything extra this point runnin low cash like external drive something. 
561 shared send gone friend. 
561 and have been having issues with tails using shared coin simply wont let. 
561 says loading but nothing working happening the box stays greyish rather than the blue clickable button. 
561 thought was just. 
562 from axa february pmquote from blackstar february pmquote from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
562 info and sharedcoin. 
562 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
562 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
562 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
562 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
562 com credible like blkchn hopefully the moment shared coin the only credible alternative bitcoin fog. 
562 know and not nealry good shared send was. 
562 but think the feds kinda gave kick the pants get that feature removed. 
563 from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
563 info and sharedcoin. 
563 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
563 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
563 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
563 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
563 com credible like blkchn hopefully. 
564 from cooked february pmnow lets look some more practical thingsprivnote isnt stored your computerwhat the fuck normal non criminal person doing with pgp their computer being private why you think there are huge network keyservers sks keyservers. 
564 net its powerful tool verify identity and secure. 
564 pgp has been around since. 
564 there nothing fundementally suspicious about using pgp. 
565 tails leaves javascript enabled default because they want match the tbb fingerprint closely possible. 
565 get the tbb fix and tails will change without hesitation. 
566 org projects torbrowser design. 
566 net code issues basically tails want look exactly the same tbb web server. 
566 noscript enabled default tbb tails will change theirs reflect the new design. 
566 course you could actually build your own tails with javascript turned off. 
566 there are instructions how roll your own tails the website. 
566 here the commit tree you can how was sup before you got. 
567 from mdparity february amhowdy blackbanks system takes the commission before starting the escrow transaction. 
567 the transaction only has single output instead two. 
567 this way blackbank more than happy allow vendors buyers finalize outside blackbank. 
567 the only trust issue would blackbank offers support there are problems. 
567 however that lot less risky than traditional centralized escrow systems and easier for the buyer vendor. 
567 sure buyer vendor would prioritize verifying that the funds transactions over verifying support. 
567 however still promise continue support with any issues ive been offering advice and support outside blackbank entirely even members other markets. 
567 its important help each other the community. 
567 growing safe and secure community mutually beneficial for everyone regardless immediate financial gain. 
567 cheers idea like feel like both can win this situation. 
567 get the buyer send the commission first the market then you can release all public keys allow the buyer and seller feel safer about the transaction. 
568 from jolly roger february amquote from mdparity february amhowdy blackbanks system takes the commission before starting the escrow transaction. 
568 the transaction only has single output instead two. 
568 this way blackbank more than happy allow vendors buyers finalize outside blackbank. 
568 the only trust issue would blackbank offers support there are problems. 
568 however that lot less risky than traditional centralized escrow systems and easier for the buyer vendor. 
568 sure buyer vendor would prioritize verifying that the funds transactions over verifying support. 
568 however still promise continue support with any issues ive been offering advice and support outside blackbank entirely even members other markets. 
568 its important help each other the community. 
568 growing safe and secure community mutually beneficial for everyone regardless immediate financial gain. 
568 cheers idea like feel like both can win this situation. 
568 get the buyer send the commission first the market then you can release all public keys allow the buyer and seller feel safer about the transaction. 
568 and there have. 
568 solution that doesnt centralise all power with the market. 
569 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february pmi have disagree with this guy the server doesnt give you the opportunity verify the address then its not worth. 
569 they could give you multi sig that with addresses both controlled the market. 
569 this opens you obvious scams. 
569 dont fall for what proposing. 
569 verify the address and protect yourself from scams. 
569 first all your accusations about are very offensive. 
569 accusing that trying get you all fall for something. 
569 and not think you completely understand the entire process multisignature addresses make the claims you are making. 
569 how this any more risky than the escrow system that markets had before the markets were controlling the funds and getting robbed and cleaned out several occasions. 
569 people were placing trust markets before and now suddenly you are worried about getting scammed where were you speaking out with the old escrow system sorry that you feel offended but dont think have said anything below the belt. 
569 you are proposing multi sig escrow solution which doesnt protect the buyer from rogue markets incompetent developers. 
569 kind poinltess opionion. 
569 regarding risk compared previous its the same market could rogue loose all its coins due incompetent devs. 
569 whats your point you are proposing solution that still exposes users the same problems. 
569 and its not sudden worry. 
569 have raised the issue mutli sig way before the debacle. 
569 take the time through postings this forum and others and you will see have been long term proponent multi sig. 
569 way beforfe became fashinable. 
569 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february also makes sense for the market hide this the buyer seller wanted avoid fees they could set their own escrow. 
569 also the situation jolly roger describes above the buyer could sign transaction sending all funds vendor and then vendor verifies and also signs the transaction. 
569 funds released market bypassed. 
569 the market not protected. 
569 yes they buyer and seller could set their own escrow outside the market but this would stupid because having makes possible for the market become the arbitrator. 
569 only one the people involved has scammer and then the funds are locked forever. 
569 with the buyer tries scam then the market can provide the second key unlock the funds send the seller. 
569 this why better than. 
569 also the case the market cannot bypassed without the redeemscript generated the time that the multisignature address created. 
569 the market holds the redeemscript multisignature address then the buyer and seller cannot complete the transaction the side without the market and therefore cut out the markets fees. 
569 another security issue with releasing all public keys involved that lets the participants know whether not the seller buyer server are reusing private key and therefore making them more susceptible attacks. 
569 doesnt benefit the scammer financially pull scam. 
569 which removes most the motive. 
569 agree better but not the market doesnt allow the buyer vendor confirm the address you are proposing. 
569 wouldnt touch market that insists hiding the details the address from you. 
569 its too open abuse incompetence. 
569 agreed the redeem script. 
569 but the market cant really withold the script someone can generate themselves from the original inputs. 
569 dont think its security issue the buyer vendor can see the market reusing the same keys. 
569 this would excellent way people being able ascertain the market coded incompetent. 
569 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february the market would rely getting income through signing transaction which sends most funds vendor and commision market. 
569 this would then signed the buyer when happy. 
569 the buyer starts bypassing the market fee transaction then banned. 
569 but hide all away from the user and not give them the ability able verify addresses avoid this market set. 
569 its not healthy. 
569 harder verify you might think see the buyer and seller are closing the deal the side. 
569 unless the market constantly searching through the blockchain for funds spent from that multisignature address would extremely difficult verify that buyer and seller are bypassing the market cut out their fees. 
569 dont see the issue here. 
569 what difficult about this exactly anyone running the bitcond client always getting every transaction. 
569 the databse holding transactions could checked for transactions once week that are older than one month. 
569 any such transaction which has the funds removed from the address would flagged having done deal outside the market. 
569 could probably write bash script this fairly quickly. 
569 missing something here what the difficulty from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february pmi would warn anyone away from the setup jolly roger promoting. 
569 will lead more scams the future and will not allow you verify multi sig setup correctly. 
569 what you are basically saying here that the market should trust the buyers but the buyers should not trust the market. 
569 the market has every incentive keep the ability unlock funds itself out its own hands that not target for hackers. 
569 the market has the ability unlock the funds without any buyer seller input would make the market very dangerous and this not desirable and defeats the purpose for the markets. 
569 but giving out the keys and the redeemscript the buyer and seller gives them the ability close the deal outside the market and bypass fees. 
569 again you are not able trust your market then yes contact the seller and say you want with your seller outside the market and you can easily set one. 
569 but with fees average bypassing the fees will become more common than you think and harder detect than you think. 
569 especially when you are dealing with thousands transactions. 
569 ronin understand what you are saying and you make valid point that would likely desirable for buyer have this setup. 
569 but not desireable for market have this setup since the market relies market fees and giving your customers the ability cut you out the deal bad for business. 
569 there are plenty free and multisignature services out there now that you can use. 
569 you are not comfortable using the markets system then use another one that gives you the public keys. 
569 but you expect the markets start giving you the ability bypass their commissions then you will likely never happy. 
569 not think makes sense for markets this. 
569 the cost running market high and allowing your buyers not pay their taxes speak dumb move for the market. 
569 you not trust your market outside the market. 
569 you make the choice. 
569 think has already been shown that markets suffer from fraudulent owners incompetent developers. 
569 not saying markets shouldnt charge fee. 
569 but also not proposing solution that offers benefits unless you abolutely trust the markets honesty and development abiity which recent events have shown arent good bet. 
569 think this benefits everyone involved. 
569 while hear what you are saying about maintaining the dominance markets and that users should trust them with multi sig respectfully disagree think its appalling setup and will only lead more scams and hacks. 
569 sovles nothing and doesnt move towards trustless system. 
570 from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
570 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
570 not sure they all got stolen what. 
570 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
570 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
570 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
570 who knows though. 
570 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
570 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
571 legal tax paying business surely there aduty care and reimbursement here. 
571 mean whether btc are seen legit not they were providing service and they have failed that right. 
572 dont think its any excuse for its dark net site security the biggest issue. 
572 course for mtgox but fucking hell you dont expect darknet market vulnerable thats the whole point doing illegal activity online security. 
573 until gox comes back online nothing can done. 
574 have feeling that they disabled registration help deal with all the users whose bitcoins were already missing due the negative balance bug the users whose bitcoins not show pending and other users who will not getting repaid. 
575 from lila february pmif you read carefully says that they can view your real address. 
575 justa heads upof course they can any vpn can. 
575 however airvpn the only paid vpn aware that has procedure that does hide your true from their server providing true vpn over tor see. 
575 org tor for details. 
576 from lila february amthis where they say they can see your though the tor sectionfrom the airvpn link noted before using airvpn with torworking configuration tested tor browser bundle openvpn. 
576 after you have downloaded and launched tor browser bundle connect airvpn with socks proxy option activated. 
576 you can this either with airvpn client with the proper option menu member access without our client. 
576 select socks proxy type the combo box the bottom the page. 
576 parameters socks proxy. 
576 port you use the configuration generator dont forget download the archive air. 
576 zip copy all the files inside and paste them into the openvpn configuration directory. 
576 advantages additional privacy layer our vpn server will not see your real address but the the tor exit node option connect web sites under tor protection even those sites which refuse tor connections usage tor even the programs which dont support access tor from all the applications transparently need configure each application one one avoidance any traffic discrimination from tor exit nodes packets are still encrypted when they pass through tor exit node major security layer the event you pass through compromised malicious tor exit node packets are still encrypted when they pass through the tor exit node disadvantages poor performance nfi airvpn respected provider. 
577 sure you know this but ill mention anyway. 
577 info very javascript heavy you need enabled for that site. 
577 dont use tails just the tor browser bundle. 
577 here expereince with shared send blockchain. 
577 info since was modified use sharedcoin. 
577 com several weeks ago. 
577 can very slow. 
577 the little popup that happens when you start transaction can take long time complete. 
577 sometimes will not complete. 
577 when the transaction initiated will take longer confirm than standard transaction. 
577 sometimes couple hours. 
577 sometimes full day. 
577 rather than shared send vendor now have separate wallet blockchain. 
577 info that shared send. 
577 keep some btc there that when want use can transfer directly from there vendor. 
577 that way not concerned with the reliability time for shared send. 
578 has anyone been having problems with their tails freezing while they try shared coin send there way can avoid this the future. 
579 from blackstar february pmquote from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
579 info and sharedcoin. 
579 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
579 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
579 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
579 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
579 com credible like blkchn hopefully the moment shared coin the only credible alternative bitcoin fog. 
580 heard the news that there are issues with the btc mkt. 
580 didnt catch the full story. 
580 hopefully misunderstood the little that heard. 
580 was under the impression that the only way that thebtc could destroyed when the entire internet goes down. 
580 hopefully someone can shed come light the topic. 
581 from mirage february pmjust never forget what more important external usb dvd drive your freedom and even perhaps day your space time. 
581 peacemirageoki you have point. 
581 guess ill invest one. 
581 but one question. 
581 cant use usb key instead dvd should right. 
582 from mirage february pmquote from raztafarii february pmwell ive pretty much given this point. 
582 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
582 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
582 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
582 key one used verify the. 
582 the tails signing. 
582 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
582 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
582 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
582 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
582 just might look into. 
582 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
582 but ill help when wake unless someone else does first. 
583 the different torescrow threads have now been merged. 
584 unforeseen future nestled somewhere victims warnings signs slayer. 
585 any you guys want start bitcoin exchange with can all split half billion dollars. 
586 yeah bitcoin money torrent download. 
586 not centralized which means instead running one server which shut down would the end running upon computers and servers order for shut down you would need shut down every computer running aka the whole internet. 
586 this precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
587 like man aint movement all just secret place buy and sell stuff. 
587 and like any other marketplace the planet they cant properly manage the folks property worse they cant keep their hands out the cookie jar then theyve failed being market and will wither away with all the other frauds. 
588 opps seen topic agora lol some guy said this yeah went check. 
588 their exchange rate ticker api frozen. 
588 the issue actually with blockchain not agora. 
589 good answer thats what thinking also just wanted some input. 
589 yea not sure about there rate seems close bitstamp usually but thats because check bitstamp probably. 
589 hope starts move really havent seen move hrs. 
590 whats going cant still. 
590 like yesterday the caculator whatever stuck anyone wanna talk about this with haha decided invest nothing huge bitcoins today about. 
590 and went about. 
590 right now most places and agora still says. 
590 also think bitcoins are about. 
590 hit fucking yahoo and other mainstream media outlets today because that gox fucker. 
591 how can make back. 
591 and remember when the silkroad got busted and the feds sold all there funds and the price went. 
591 how come when utopia got busted its still. 
592 what you think hubites your experience with agora and pandora the same mine. 
593 any intelligent person would register website and business like mtgox stolen identity. 
593 not only these websites operate completely the gray area law but situation like this you would def want run off with that million bitcoin dat mill million dollai bet fatboy faggot feels like dick now for not understanding identity theftjust cost you million dollarsfaggot. 
594 from bandcamp february amquote from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
594 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
594 not sure they all got stolen what. 
594 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
594 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
594 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
594 who knows though. 
594 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
594 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
594 yeah was around. 
594 but they were found. 
594 com news bitcoin mtgox theft. 
595 from evilgrin february amany you guys want start bitcoin exchange with can all split half billion dollars market for that matter. 
596 from wrathmore february amas legal tax paying business surely there aduty care and reimbursement here. 
596 mean whether btc are seen legit not they were providing service and they have failed that right think too but with fdic insurance they wouldnt have the funds pay back people the coins were stolen. 
596 like bank not fdic insured may not able pay you back after bank robbery its gon its gone. 
596 thats the main issue see even was court ordered pay back the btc just simply does not have and guess that would just bankruptcy for him and gox and has live with death threats forever. 
597 from bandcamp february amquote from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
597 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
597 not sure they all got stolen what. 
597 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
597 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
597 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
597 who knows though. 
597 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
597 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
597 heard that too that number astronomical for none the reddit skript kiddies see that trail coins the blockchain. 
597 but also heard was because transaction maleablity and apperantly that not possibility from what others with knowledge have posted about the topic after the hack. 
597 wish knew enough figure out but don even know how spell and too lazy look. 
598 had some coin there day trade with which pretty easy profit from volatile market like gox when you can see the order book and know when the spikes would happen. 
598 never bothered leave aml trail because was easy enough withdraw profits btc sell localbitcoins. 
598 now appears shit out luck for rest stuck there. 
599 yea man sorry. 
599 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
599 not sure they all got stolen what. 
599 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
599 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
599 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
599 who knows though. 
599 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
600 from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
600 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
600 not sure they all got stolen what. 
600 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
600 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
600 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
600 who knows though. 
600 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
600 omg was thinking this minutes ago. 
600 what they are just hoarding all the coins one offline wallet till the can just ruin the rate bitcoin. 
601 sorry keep your head. 
602 been waiting almost weeks withdraw wash coins and now the sites gone down. 
602 what are the people the know doing about this. 
603 yea and unlike where the theif virtually anonymous fatfuck has worry about more than moving coins around. 
603 needs worry about moving himself around his are pretty much public record. 
603 almost feel bad for the guy. 
604 this brings some credibility theft. 
604 gox gets robbed anyone else can too. 
605 from axa february pmquote from blackstar february pmquote from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
605 info and sharedcoin. 
605 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
605 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
605 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
605 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
605 com credible like blkchn hopefully the moment shared coin the only credible alternative bitcoin fog. 
605 know and not nealry good shared send was. 
605 but think the feds kinda gave kick the pants get that feature removed. 
606 from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
606 info and sharedcoin. 
606 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
606 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
606 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
606 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
606 com credible like blkchn hopefully. 
607 shared send gone friend. 
607 and have been having issues with tails using shared coin simply wont let. 
607 says loading but nothing working happening the box stays greyish rather than the blue clickable button. 
607 thought was just. 
608 yea was all over the news yesterday all can say. 
609 like man aint movement all just secret place buy and sell stuff. 
609 and like any other marketplace the planet they cant properly manage the folks property worse they cant keep their hands out the cookie jar then theyve failed being market and will wither away with all the other frauds. 
610 the pump and dump was done wall street after fell. 
610 they pumped past. 
610 then did massive sell off. 
610 rumor has chase banking cartel used the fast profits they made bitcoin help fund the development their version bitcoin. 
611 heard the news that there are issues with the btc mkt. 
611 didnt catch the full story. 
611 hopefully misunderstood the little that heard. 
611 was under the impression that the only way that thebtc could destroyed when the entire internet goes down. 
611 hopefully someone can shed come light the topic. 
612 had money account before the attack whatever happened. 
612 now says but have been reading where some people have been getting their money back. 
612 accont and have hit refresh etc etc. 
612 still says will ever get coin back. 
613 like man aint movement all just secret place buy and sell stuff. 
613 and like any other marketplace the planet they cant properly manage the folks property worse they cant keep their hands out the cookie jar then theyve failed being market and will wither away with all the other frauds. 
614 the forums are still available online you should able find the whole sad saga easily enough. 
614 remember limetless vouched for vladimirs bitcoin hedge fund which was offering silly returns and was obvious ponzi scheme. 
614 ultimately vladimir disappeared with the funds after was late some payments and began receiving calls his workplace. 
614 and not long afterwards limetless had overdose and disappeared from the scene. 
614 does anybody else remember this have link mirror the forums wonder what ever became that cast screen names. 
615 this where they say they can see your though the tor section. 
617 why dont just put peace your signiture. 
617 say all the time. 
618 wow have you posted this there this incredible true. 
619 heard the news that there are issues with the btc mkt. 
619 didnt catch the full story. 
619 hopefully misunderstood the little that heard. 
619 was under the impression that the only way that thebtc could destroyed when the entire internet goes down. 
619 hopefully someone can shed come light the topic. 
620 whats going cant still. 
620 like yesterday the caculator whatever stuck anyone wanna talk about this with haha decided invest nothing huge bitcoins today about. 
620 and went about. 
620 right now most places and agora still says. 
620 also think bitcoins are about. 
620 hit fucking yahoo and other mainstream media outlets today because that gox fucker. 
621 good answer thats what thinking also just wanted some input. 
621 yea not sure about there rate seems close bitstamp usually but thats because check bitstamp probably. 
621 hope starts move really havent seen move hrs. 
622 opps seen topic agora lol some guy said this yeah went check. 
622 their exchange rate ticker api frozen. 
622 the issue actually with blockchain not agora. 
623 yea was all over the news yesterday all can say. 
624 any intelligent person would register website and business like mtgox stolen identity. 
624 not only these websites operate completely the gray area law but situation like this you would def want run off with that million bitcoin dat mill million dollai bet fatboy faggot feels like dick now for not understanding identity theftjust cost you million dollarsfaggot. 
625 yea and unlike where the theif virtually anonymous fatfuck has worry about more than moving coins around. 
625 needs worry about moving himself around his are pretty much public record. 
625 almost feel bad for the guy. 
626 very interested this. 
626 should prevent drama when seller goes rogue. 
627 the most convenient way buy bitcoin the usa through coinbase. 
627 once you link your bank account you can purchase bitcoin with your checking account and receive the bitcoin your coinbase account days. 
627 coinbase charges fee buy sell bitcoin and customers with verified can buy sell bitcoin per day instantly. 
627 anyone can use the coinbase wallet but present you need usa bank account buy sell bitcoin. 
627 com allows you buy bitcoin person from local traders using cash from sellers online and has escrow service built. 
627 com the mycelium mobile wallet for android has local trader feature built that lets you find local sellers offering bitcoin for person trades using cash. 
627 cash into coins. 
627 php new service only that allows you deposit cash your local bank and receive bitcoins about day. 
627 can bitcoin purchased using paypal yes there are sellers localbitcoins. 
627 com who accept paypal. 
627 com buy bitcoins online paypal nho. 
627 you can also use paypal your credit card purchase bitcoin through the bitcoin insanity. 
627 for more ways buy bitcoin browse the clearnet list bitcoin wiki. 
627 wiki buying you will have make your newly purchased bitcoin anonymous using mixing service like bitcoin fog. 
627 best practice keep separate bitcoin wallet for coins that have been mixed. 
627 once sent through bitcoin fog the coins can not traced back you. 
628 this looks good. 
628 like the wot rating system. 
629 from mirage february pmjust never forget what more important external usb dvd drive your freedom and even perhaps day your space time. 
629 peacemirageoki you have point. 
629 guess ill invest one. 
629 but one question. 
629 cant use usb key instead dvd should right. 
630 from mirage february pmquote from raztafarii february pmwell ive pretty much given this point. 
630 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
630 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
630 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
630 key one used verify the. 
630 the tails signing. 
630 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
630 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
630 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
630 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
630 just might look into. 
630 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
630 but ill help when wake unless someone else does first. 
631 wasnt trying macbook was trying imac with optical drive but was trying boot tails from usb not. 
631 the proccess fairly complicated. 
631 there are few methods but the only one got work was installing via command line. 
631 there are directions the site that explain how this and you can simply copy paste the commands and replace the with the. 
631 iso compy pasting the command line when asks for its directory. 
631 for simply would not install this way and was because was missing command that was not the instructions. 
631 something retarded like dev the end certain command. 
631 after about hours trying figured this out and got successfully install. 
631 next you need bootloader because mac has efi loader instead. 
631 for this they say you need refind which older version refit. 
631 could not get install because already had refit there with hopes remove. 
631 when turned computer the usb drive shows but only boots blank screen and goes where. 
631 after few more hours tinkinering gave. 
632 from mirage february pmquote from raztafarii february pmwell ive pretty much given this point. 
632 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
632 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
632 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
632 key one used verify the. 
632 the tails signing. 
632 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
632 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
632 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
632 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
632 just might look into. 
632 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
632 never give and you shouldnt even worrying about terminal for now. 
632 for starters just try burn the. 
632 iso dvd using disk utility mentioned above. 
632 then you can worry about verifing and signatures and what not later. 
632 first things first. 
632 and you might not even have use reefit just hold down the option key when booting see your list connected drives give try works for only use. 
632 for legal stuff for number reasons. 
632 the least which its the last version you dont have download and can have original dvd installation disk. 
632 well you read the small print the licensing agreement apple didnt join the nsas prizm program until after steve jobs died. 
632 just went down like that. 
632 and there are many other good reasons run. 
632 and nothing after. 
632 and even better reasons run linux tails ect. 
632 dont give just yet are all here help try what mentioned above and just lemmie know peacemirageoki thanks for the encouragement wont give yet would get the burning onto the dvd but drive all jacked put itll never coma back out unless manage pull out. 
632 will usb work really want avoid buying anything extra this point runnin low cash like external drive something. 
633 from cooked february pmnow lets look some more practical thingsprivnote isnt stored your computerwhat the fuck normal non criminal person doing with pgp their computer being private why you think there are huge network keyservers sks keyservers. 
633 net its powerful tool verify identity and secure. 
633 pgp has been around since. 
633 there nothing fundementally suspicious about using pgp. 
634 org projects torbrowser design. 
634 net code issues basically tails want look exactly the same tbb web server. 
634 noscript enabled default tbb tails will change theirs reflect the new design. 
634 course you could actually build your own tails with javascript turned off. 
634 there are instructions how roll your own tails the website. 
634 here the commit tree you can how was sup before you got. 
635 tails leaves javascript enabled default because they want match the tbb fingerprint closely possible. 
635 get the tbb fix and tails will change without hesitation. 
636 you have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
636 info and sharedcoin. 
636 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
636 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
637 any you guys want start bitcoin exchange with can all split half billion dollars. 
638 buy all the bitcoins existance advertise everywhere that bitcoins are the best thing since sliced bread sell the bitcoinsi say pump you say dumppump. 
639 anyone used bizniz from any info discussion would appreciated thanks. 
640 what you think hubites your experience with agora and pandora the same mine. 
641 otr can used with nearly any transport. 
641 otr likely the most secure way youll have messaging for while. 
642 bitcoin also messed computer and dont like the idea the client having store the entire blockchain computer. 
642 info because pretty damn simple and has never given problems. 
642 however know will have sacrafice conveinience for security and happy. 
642 unfortunetly not all people will feel that way quite possibly the majority. 
642 ready try wallet that supports mst and will have soon can explain how works all the. 
643 web wallets can secure they are fully client side but you take the risk that the javascript not malicious unless you verify everytime. 
643 prefer bitcoind over electrum for reasons electrum crap for signing multisigs. 
643 give and you will see what mean. 
643 other than transfering coins multi sig address isnt multi sig compliant. 
643 bitcoind has the whole blockchain. 
643 electrum requests the data for addresses sends server. 
643 the server can then link your addresses and potentially deanonoymise you. 
643 bitcoind you have the whole blockchain one can link nothing you. 
643 having said that electrum obviously more convenient and space saving. 
643 have been working plugin for trying fix multi sig signing electrum but havent had much time devote this would have liked recently. 
643 but will continue and hopefully have out before electrum fix albert one thing would say though allow people able verify the multi sig address legit giving them the public keys needed recreate. 
643 markets and vendors buyer will already have his own key. 
643 pointless have multi sig the user cant generate the address themselves and verify legit. 
644 from jolly roger february pmquote from patrick february amtrue but there are lots vpn services which advertises itself providers who doesnt keep any logs all. 
644 the event this true wouldnt this solution safe one after all the feds goes the vpn provider but its dead end there. 
644 yes but this case vpn discovered hosting somebody interest then they can forced court order keep logs. 
644 this happened hide ass and another vpn which escapes right now. 
644 just remember that nobody will jail for you. 
644 check out post about the pedophile ring. 
644 msg msg was good read thank you. 
644 how about this solution tor over vpn like axa mentioned here. 
644 msg msg sorry dont want pain the ass just trying find the best solution available person. 
645 amnesia amnesia gpg list packets pgpkey file. 
645 txtamnesia amnesia gpg list packets pgpkey file. 
645 txtamnesia amnesia diff file. 
645 txt version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key expires after looks like they represent the date differently and have slight stylistic differences. 
645 edit wow brain wasnt working. 
645 the even more important difference that the second key has expiration date. 
645 the first key good forever. 
645 always have expiration date your key and always have revocation certificate backed somewhere case your key compromised. 
646 recent scam revelation. 
647 update having closely studied what posted above have come the conclusion that gasp oracle form the forum was probably correct his theory dox last week. 
647 not that support but his dox pritel internet name mods not delete was pretty accurate. 
647 the dox included everything that the above post says about the mtgox theft and other btc hacks. 
647 turns out this guy pritel was bragging about how helped code these sites and had found the btc protocol. 
647 says that hit bitstamp and gox with ddos flooded them with mutated transactions and made fortune. 
647 all sounded well oracle the time but now this bbmc update has come light actually believe this guy pritel person deep interest. 
647 have full uncensored copy pritel dox and will post redacted version below you can all see the relation and importance. 
647 but names address will included mods dont freak out. 
647 this now looks pretty conclusive. 
647 but only time will tell. 
647 also not stir shit but explanation above still doesnt put defcon the clear. 
647 defcon hired pritel after reccomendation from non other than stexo. 
647 possible that they could all sharing the profits behind the scenes. 
647 hence the repeated call for narco who probably doesnt exist and likely dropshpper from spain france. 
647 redacted dox pritel will posted soon. 
647 from blackstar february amwow have you posted this there this incredible true. 
647 mind share yeah for theres lot important information here. 
647 especially for the right people. 
648 update from bbmc account. 
648 looks like theyre backing away from the defcon theory. 
648 but dont know totally buy defcon still seems pretty shady. 
648 onion items here the stolen silk walletbbmc full member the british tor vendors association btva copy pasted scroll down for the updates ever get the feeling youve been swindled. 
648 info address grfntylwoyqnk mffaz qpkdwp ysoytheyve been moving our bitcoins out the sites fac wallet since the end january. 
648 btcmore interesting all the ive been finding associated with silk road from this wallet. 
648 info address nxd wzeysjucbtm nps skheach payment marks massive cashpile there are them. 
648 the wallet has been busy again today. 
648 feb believe the thief uses this wallet. 
648 was worried that this info could compromise dpr trial bitcoin earned him. 
648 ive even tried make myself known the wallet owner firing the numbers for using but ross cant moving that money around hes custody. 
648 when defcon claimed unable find the escrow funds december felt sorry for him found many. 
648 system wallets could for him marked them from the wallet dec then messaged support let them know where dpr kept the money. 
648 info address ahynaomxdpd bnnvxusy thursday feb escrow went missing again about time along with those other vendors. 
648 silk road support had been specifically asked not steal from any the british tor vendors association members. 
648 was contacted the btva and asked find our missing funds. 
648 was very easy and easier because already had wallets such. 
648 info address facb qnikfpuoo wvfnyai hcov tmarked dec and decthe irony that thief was using small bitcoin payments mark his own swag piles wasnt lost. 
648 the ing wallet now has itjust and add few those hundreds fat wallets all filled then marked with wallet. 
648 info address nxd wzeysjucbtm nps skhin close succession. 
648 havent added all but looks around half billion dollars move and marked february. 
648 most that must unspent historical silk road and earnings. 
648 whoever owns the android phone with bitcoin wallet nxd the thief believe. 
648 and some money with him. 
648 the thief hadnt from the brotherhood british meth chemists none this need have happened update edit feb was inside job but not the current staff. 
648 the same goes for gox. 
648 believe programmer who coded the gox wallets the wallets and also set thegaming sites which have been spamming the bitcoin network with micropayments. 
648 hacked our investigators facebook order message him feb which was investigating before being contracted using the name phibbo bit. 
648 this the message some background mtgox runs custom wallet software. 
648 this reasonable and common practice for service its size and nature. 
648 getting wallet implementing right isn easy there very little room for error much like the rest the bitcoin system. 
648 some have criticized their use custom software here but reasonable and common practice for service its size and nature. 
648 the reference client wallet basically suitable for small scale single party use. 
648 would not recommend something like mtgox use the reference node wallet least not without healthy layer abstraction top relieving duties harder than key management and chain monitoring otherwise improving greatly. 
648 for that matter mtgox wallet software has caused them fewer concerning problems than some other companies. 
648 some have completely implemented the bitcoin protocol incorrectly and exposed the outside world and suffered numerous local blockchain rejecting glitches. 
648 though its certainly taken gox fair amount time sort things out. 
648 first heard people reporting stuck transactions back september. 
648 looked into and determined that mtgox was spending immature coins. 
648 freshly generated bitcoins from mining can not spend until they are least blocks deep the blockchain. 
648 this prevents the funds from vanishing forever the chain reorgs. 
648 pinged magicaltux and after couple tries got hold him. 
648 think they also wasted some time dead ends trying resolve this before the actual nature the problem was brought their attention. 
648 raising their transaction fees with mistaken belief that their fees weren high enough. 
648 mtgox wasn tracking the coins were freshly generated what their height was their software. 
648 including this data would apparently non trivial change and for high risk finance software even trivial change takes lot work. 
648 suggested workaround basically just try spend the oldest coins and far know they implemented and was effective. 
648 they continued have problems with stuck transactions after and further analysis revealed that they were producing transactions with excessively padded signatures. 
648 minor tangent required here there design flaw the bitcoin protocol where its possible for third party take valid transaction yours and mutate way which leaves valid and functionally identical but with different transaction. 
648 this greatly complicates writing correct wallet software and can used abusively invalidate long chains unconfirmed transactions that depend the non mutant transaction since transactions refer each other txid. 
648 this issue arises from several sources one them being openssl willingness accept and make sense signatures with invalid encodings. 
648 normal ecdsa signature encodes two large integers the encoding isn constant length there are leading zeros you are supposed drop them. 
648 easy write software that assumes the signature will constant length and then leave extra leading zeros them. 
648 order eventually remove this malleability flaw been gradually tightening the rules that govern what transactions nodes the network will consider valid when they relay them mine them. 
648 after months work chasing down software authors get them fix their bugs transactions with these invalid encodings were longer relayed. 
648 this caused some problems for few things. 
648 itself had been fixed long before but they couldn update the iphone app without fear triggering another review apple. 
648 eventually this was just worked around the server side mutating the transactions produced the iphone wallets. 
648 and moot now guess. 
648 mtgox also had problems with occasionally producing invalid signatures. 
648 this would normally simple fix. 
648 here example where fixed this type issue some python wallet code never used but saw lot people were copying. 
648 com but said before high value systems like mtgox even simple fixes aren simple and took them quite some time deploy fix. 
648 however believe that actually fixed now. 
648 current understanding and inference that the remaining issues are because while mtgox was producing transactions the bad form that the network won relay anymore some people decided help out fixing these transactions like. 
648 did for iphone users making the signatures normal and broadcasting them. 
648 course the new transactions while functionally identical have different txids. 
648 the difference here that the mtgox wallet software appears have not handled this case gracefully all and apparently simply wouldn notice transactions that didn make spending its own coins. 
648 result the mtgox wallet believed some coins were available for spending which really had already been spent and began double spending those inputs. 
648 this may have interacted particularly poorly with the earlier workaround mentioned trying always use the oldest available coins they did implement that workaround. 
648 worse some this may have resulted users getting paid multiple times and could have been intentionally triggered with that end mind someone helpfully fixed some transactions and then noticed they got paid twice. 
648 think this unlikely have caused large losses before people run off worrying about that both because the reuse the oldest inputs and because the hot wallet cold wallet split. 
648 this point they likely have accounting mess clean figuring out who did and didn get paid now with none the txids matching. 
648 cleaning that will somewhat tricky. 
648 say there were three payments mtgox coins apple the block chain and three users that attempted pay apple and mtgox records thinks that only one went through. 
648 software will have written that matches transactions with their mutants order figure out what went where. 
648 not personally concerned least not any the details here. 
648 mtgox slow speed resolving these sorts issues and poor communications are not terribly inspiring. 
648 they seem horribly short staffed but competent and trustworthy people this space may hard find the regulatory morass that business sure make many steer clear. 
648 the claims that the delays indicate insolvency strike just hysteria the technical background doesn support this conclusion and there may bit opportunism play from people who want manipulate the market too. 
648 don get wrong have not seen their books gox may well have financial problems though with their income its hard for see how but any problems like that exist they not being indicated here. 
648 course none this suggests anyone should happy with the service mtgox has been providing but our anger should least well informed. 
648 february that wasn the time from copy saved another recipient still think defcon full shit with his will prevail our community shit. 
648 but don think the boy dunnit. 
648 redbookthe bbmc team there you have. 
648 take from what you will. 
648 but still wont going anywhere near. 
649 very interested this. 
649 should prevent drama when seller goes rogue. 
650 from enigmaticsmile february amquote from delysid february pmi'm not big fan this new post mostly trend signing messages forums. 
650 removes all plausible deniability regarding was actually you posting. 
650 someone really needs know you're you they could just send you pgp message using the old key better yet double encrypted wrapping one the other. 
650 dont that's true maybe should move this more private discussion. 
650 fancy sending enigmaticsmile want believe this the real deal the resurrection the almighty avengers and fellow acid heads. 
650 you just can't too careful these times that's all. 
651 this where they say they can see your though the tor section. 
653 know the safest pgp but have some friends that wont use. 
653 maintain decent private communication have testing trying privnote and telegram secret chat mode. 
653 regarding privnote don really know secure fact have the very feeling that service runned the cia itself that can broken. 
653 telegram secret mode seems quite strong and secure the way the. 
653 usd they offer price for the first hacker that could break seems quite convincent. 
653 what you guys think. 
654 had this argument the bmr forums and was derailed death but think its common senseprivnote safer then pgp and here whyok you place order market for drugs and give your address with privnoteseller ships your order then gets raidedgives his private key passwords etc ordered judge and you used pgp your address would viewablenow lets look some more practical thingsprivnote isnt stored your computerwhat the fuck normal non criminal person doing with pgp their computer privnotes are made day. 
654 even one has your whatever shit its impossible say was used for anything illegal and its also impossible tie back agora etc because the message deletedpgp however can tied back and all messages can read you are ordered give who dont like privnote only dont like because the. 
654 chance that messages arent actually deleted and are recoverable the fbito date there has been nothing suggest this and arrests have been made because recovered privnote messages the publics knowledgeand obviously privnote has nothing with safely encrypted sensitive files records etcbut think privnote should always used when making purchase here for contraband. 
655 anyone used bizniz from any info discussion would appreciated thanks. 
656 wow have you posted this there this incredible true. 
657 mpressed the layout well their trust system. 
657 would feel confident placing order through torescrow. 
658 most people use bitcoin web based wallet personally think bitcoin rots your hard drive its huge ass nigga file and anused itself then fucked mac dont like spending computer only have fucked albert dont. 
659 tails leaves javascript enabled default because they want match the tbb fingerprint closely possible. 
659 get the tbb fix and tails will change without hesitation. 
660 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february pmi have disagree with this guy the server doesnt give you the opportunity verify the address then its not worth. 
660 they could give you multi sig that with addresses both controlled the market. 
660 this opens you obvious scams. 
660 dont fall for what proposing. 
660 verify the address and protect yourself from scams. 
660 first all your accusations about are very offensive. 
660 accusing that trying get you all fall for something. 
660 and not think you completely understand the entire process multisignature addresses make the claims you are making. 
660 how this any more risky than the escrow system that markets had before the markets were controlling the funds and getting robbed and cleaned out several occasions. 
660 people were placing trust markets before and now suddenly you are worried about getting scammed where were you speaking out with the old escrow system sorry that you feel offended but dont think have said anything below the belt. 
660 you are proposing multi sig escrow solution which doesnt protect the buyer from rogue markets incompetent developers. 
660 kind poinltess opionion. 
660 regarding risk compared previous its the same market could rogue loose all its coins due incompetent devs. 
660 whats your point you are proposing solution that still exposes users the same problems. 
660 and its not sudden worry. 
660 have raised the issue mutli sig way before the debacle. 
660 take the time through postings this forum and others and you will see have been long term proponent multi sig. 
660 way beforfe became fashinable. 
660 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february also makes sense for the market hide this the buyer seller wanted avoid fees they could set their own escrow. 
660 also the situation jolly roger describes above the buyer could sign transaction sending all funds vendor and then vendor verifies and also signs the transaction. 
660 funds released market bypassed. 
660 the market not protected. 
660 yes they buyer and seller could set their own escrow outside the market but this would stupid because having makes possible for the market become the arbitrator. 
660 only one the people involved has scammer and then the funds are locked forever. 
660 with the buyer tries scam then the market can provide the second key unlock the funds send the seller. 
660 this why better than. 
660 also the case the market cannot bypassed without the redeemscript generated the time that the multisignature address created. 
660 the market holds the redeemscript multisignature address then the buyer and seller cannot complete the transaction the side without the market and therefore cut out the markets fees. 
660 another security issue with releasing all public keys involved that lets the participants know whether not the seller buyer server are reusing private key and therefore making them more susceptible attacks. 
660 doesnt benefit the scammer financially pull scam. 
660 which removes most the motive. 
660 agree better but not the market doesnt allow the buyer vendor confirm the address you are proposing. 
660 wouldnt touch market that insists hiding the details the address from you. 
660 its too open abuse incompetence. 
660 agreed the redeem script. 
660 but the market cant really withold the script someone can generate themselves from the original inputs. 
660 dont think its security issue the buyer vendor can see the market reusing the same keys. 
660 this would excellent way people being able ascertain the market coded incompetent. 
660 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february the market would rely getting income through signing transaction which sends most funds vendor and commision market. 
660 this would then signed the buyer when happy. 
660 the buyer starts bypassing the market fee transaction then banned. 
660 but hide all away from the user and not give them the ability able verify addresses avoid this market set. 
660 its not healthy. 
660 harder verify you might think see the buyer and seller are closing the deal the side. 
660 unless the market constantly searching through the blockchain for funds spent from that multisignature address would extremely difficult verify that buyer and seller are bypassing the market cut out their fees. 
660 dont see the issue here. 
660 what difficult about this exactly anyone running the bitcond client always getting every transaction. 
660 the databse holding transactions could checked for transactions once week that are older than one month. 
660 any such transaction which has the funds removed from the address would flagged having done deal outside the market. 
660 could probably write bash script this fairly quickly. 
660 missing something here what the difficulty from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february pmi would warn anyone away from the setup jolly roger promoting. 
660 will lead more scams the future and will not allow you verify multi sig setup correctly. 
660 what you are basically saying here that the market should trust the buyers but the buyers should not trust the market. 
660 the market has every incentive keep the ability unlock funds itself out its own hands that not target for hackers. 
660 the market has the ability unlock the funds without any buyer seller input would make the market very dangerous and this not desirable and defeats the purpose for the markets. 
660 but giving out the keys and the redeemscript the buyer and seller gives them the ability close the deal outside the market and bypass fees. 
660 again you are not able trust your market then yes contact the seller and say you want with your seller outside the market and you can easily set one. 
660 but with fees average bypassing the fees will become more common than you think and harder detect than you think. 
660 especially when you are dealing with thousands transactions. 
660 ronin understand what you are saying and you make valid point that would likely desirable for buyer have this setup. 
660 but not desireable for market have this setup since the market relies market fees and giving your customers the ability cut you out the deal bad for business. 
660 there are plenty free and multisignature services out there now that you can use. 
660 you are not comfortable using the markets system then use another one that gives you the public keys. 
660 but you expect the markets start giving you the ability bypass their commissions then you will likely never happy. 
660 not think makes sense for markets this. 
660 the cost running market high and allowing your buyers not pay their taxes speak dumb move for the market. 
660 you not trust your market outside the market. 
660 you make the choice. 
660 think has already been shown that markets suffer from fraudulent owners incompetent developers. 
660 not saying markets shouldnt charge fee. 
660 but also not proposing solution that offers benefits unless you abolutely trust the markets honesty and development abiity which recent events have shown arent good bet. 
660 think this benefits everyone involved. 
660 while hear what you are saying about maintaining the dominance markets and that users should trust them with multi sig respectfully disagree think its appalling setup and will only lead more scams and hacks. 
660 sovles nothing and doesnt move towards trustless system. 
661 from cooked february pmi had this argument the bmr forums and was derailed death but think its common senseprivnote safer then pgp and here whyok you place order market for drugs and give your address with privnoteseller ships your order then gets raidedgives his private key passwords etc ordered judge and you used pgp your address would viewablenow lets look some more practical thingsprivnote isnt stored your computerwhat the fuck normal non criminal person doing with pgp their computer privnotes are made day. 
661 even one has your whatever shit its impossible say was used for anything illegal and its also impossible tie back agora etc because the message deletedpgp however can tied back and all messages can read you are ordered give who dont like privnote only dont like because the. 
661 chance that messages arent actually deleted and are recoverable the fbito date there has been nothing suggest this and arrests have been made because recovered privnote messages the publics knowledgeand obviously privnote has nothing with safely encrypted sensitive files records etcbut think privnote should always used when making purchase here for why trust party also privnote requires ive heard unsafe enable any scripts tor have been misinformed kind regards. 
662 know the safest pgp but have some friends that wont use. 
662 maintain decent private communication have testing trying privnote and telegram secret chat mode. 
662 regarding privnote don really know secure fact have the very feeling that service runned the cia itself that can broken. 
662 telegram secret mode seems quite strong and secure the way the. 
662 usd they offer price for the first hacker that could break seems quite convincent. 
662 what you guys think. 
663 had this argument the bmr forums and was derailed death but think its common senseprivnote safer then pgp and here whyok you place order market for drugs and give your address with privnoteseller ships your order then gets raidedgives his private key passwords etc ordered judge and you used pgp your address would viewablenow lets look some more practical thingsprivnote isnt stored your computerwhat the fuck normal non criminal person doing with pgp their computer privnotes are made day. 
663 even one has your whatever shit its impossible say was used for anything illegal and its also impossible tie back agora etc because the message deletedpgp however can tied back and all messages can read you are ordered give who dont like privnote only dont like because the. 
663 chance that messages arent actually deleted and are recoverable the fbito date there has been nothing suggest this and arrests have been made because recovered privnote messages the publics knowledgeand obviously privnote has nothing with safely encrypted sensitive files records etcbut think privnote should always used when making purchase here for contraband. 
664 the pump and dump was done wall street after fell. 
664 they pumped past. 
664 then did massive sell off. 
664 rumor has chase banking cartel used the fast profits they made bitcoin help fund the development their version bitcoin. 
665 the forums are still available online you should able find the whole sad saga easily enough. 
665 remember limetless vouched for vladimirs bitcoin hedge fund which was offering silly returns and was obvious ponzi scheme. 
665 ultimately vladimir disappeared with the funds after was late some payments and began receiving calls his workplace. 
665 and not long afterwards limetless had overdose and disappeared from the scene. 
665 does anybody else remember this have link mirror the forums wonder what ever became that cast screen names. 
666 had money account before the attack whatever happened. 
666 now says but have been reading where some people have been getting their money back. 
666 accont and have hit refresh etc etc. 
666 still says will ever get coin back. 
667 buy all the bitcoins existance advertise everywhere that bitcoins are the best thing since sliced bread sell the bitcoinsi say pump you say dumppump. 
668 not sure where they are pulling their btc rate from. 
668 its also entirely possible that due the rapid fall and expected quick rebound that the devs locked temporarily keep customers from drastically over spending. 
668 ofc this would have been bad move the rebound had not happened would have put burden back onto vendors but overall cant blame them for doing. 
668 honestly was probably good move favor the customers the time but since looks like btc going back the rise now that the whole fear gox collapsing over they should put back auto tracking. 
669 yea and unlike where the theif virtually anonymous fatfuck has worry about more than moving coins around. 
669 needs worry about moving himself around his are pretty much public record. 
669 almost feel bad for the guy. 
670 any intelligent person would register website and business like mtgox stolen identity. 
670 not only these websites operate completely the gray area law but situation like this you would def want run off with that million bitcoin dat mill million dollai bet fatboy faggot feels like dick now for not understanding identity theftjust cost you million dollarsfaggot. 
671 most people use bitcoin web based wallet personally think bitcoin rots your hard drive its huge ass nigga file and anused itself then fucked mac dont like spending computer only have fucked albert dont. 
672 from axa february pmsecurity bitcoin depends the blockchain being held full many people. 
672 bitcoin and armory exactly that. 
672 however given enough copies the blockchain one can assume the system secure from the data being lost and rely other nodes provide the information require when need. 
672 many users like having the whole blockchain available them but that problem for you use lightweight wallet like electrum. 
672 all the wallets available only armory and electrum only need backed once ever. 
672 careful with web wallets they have been hacked before. 
672 keeping your bitcoin locally using client your own computer always more secure. 
672 can see reason use web wallet unless you have small amount there. 
672 has armory the most secure moment. 
673 wasnt trying macbook was trying imac with optical drive but was trying boot tails from usb not. 
673 the proccess fairly complicated. 
673 there are few methods but the only one got work was installing via command line. 
673 there are directions the site that explain how this and you can simply copy paste the commands and replace the with the. 
673 iso compy pasting the command line when asks for its directory. 
673 for simply would not install this way and was because was missing command that was not the instructions. 
673 something retarded like dev the end certain command. 
673 after about hours trying figured this out and got successfully install. 
673 next you need bootloader because mac has efi loader instead. 
673 for this they say you need refind which older version refit. 
673 could not get install because already had refit there with hopes remove. 
673 when turned computer the usb drive shows but only boots blank screen and goes where. 
673 after few more hours tinkinering gave. 
674 from mirage february pmquote from raztafarii february pmwell ive pretty much given this point. 
674 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
674 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
674 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
674 key one used verify the. 
674 the tails signing. 
674 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
674 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
674 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
674 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
674 just might look into. 
674 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
674 never give and you shouldnt even worrying about terminal for now. 
674 for starters just try burn the. 
674 iso dvd using disk utility mentioned above. 
674 then you can worry about verifing and signatures and what not later. 
674 first things first. 
674 and you might not even have use reefit just hold down the option key when booting see your list connected drives give try works for only use. 
674 for legal stuff for number reasons. 
674 the least which its the last version you dont have download and can have original dvd installation disk. 
674 well you read the small print the licensing agreement apple didnt join the nsas prizm program until after steve jobs died. 
674 just went down like that. 
674 and there are many other good reasons run. 
674 and nothing after. 
674 and even better reasons run linux tails ect. 
674 dont give just yet are all here help try what mentioned above and just lemmie know peacemirageoki thanks for the encouragement wont give yet would get the burning onto the dvd but drive all jacked put itll never coma back out unless manage pull out. 
674 will usb work really want avoid buying anything extra this point runnin low cash like external drive something. 
675 shared send gone friend. 
675 and have been having issues with tails using shared coin simply wont let. 
675 says loading but nothing working happening the box stays greyish rather than the blue clickable button. 
675 thought was just. 
676 from axa february pmquote from blackstar february pmquote from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
676 info and sharedcoin. 
676 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
676 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
676 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
676 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
676 com credible like blkchn hopefully the moment shared coin the only credible alternative bitcoin fog. 
676 know and not nealry good shared send was. 
676 but think the feds kinda gave kick the pants get that feature removed. 
677 from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
677 info and sharedcoin. 
677 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
677 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
677 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
677 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
677 com credible like blkchn hopefully. 
678 from cooked february pmnow lets look some more practical thingsprivnote isnt stored your computerwhat the fuck normal non criminal person doing with pgp their computer being private why you think there are huge network keyservers sks keyservers. 
678 net its powerful tool verify identity and secure. 
678 pgp has been around since. 
678 there nothing fundementally suspicious about using pgp. 
679 tails leaves javascript enabled default because they want match the tbb fingerprint closely possible. 
679 get the tbb fix and tails will change without hesitation. 
680 org projects torbrowser design. 
680 net code issues basically tails want look exactly the same tbb web server. 
680 noscript enabled default tbb tails will change theirs reflect the new design. 
680 course you could actually build your own tails with javascript turned off. 
680 there are instructions how roll your own tails the website. 
680 here the commit tree you can how was sup before you got. 
681 from mdparity february amhowdy blackbanks system takes the commission before starting the escrow transaction. 
681 the transaction only has single output instead two. 
681 this way blackbank more than happy allow vendors buyers finalize outside blackbank. 
681 the only trust issue would blackbank offers support there are problems. 
681 however that lot less risky than traditional centralized escrow systems and easier for the buyer vendor. 
681 sure buyer vendor would prioritize verifying that the funds transactions over verifying support. 
681 however still promise continue support with any issues ive been offering advice and support outside blackbank entirely even members other markets. 
681 its important help each other the community. 
681 growing safe and secure community mutually beneficial for everyone regardless immediate financial gain. 
681 cheers idea like feel like both can win this situation. 
681 get the buyer send the commission first the market then you can release all public keys allow the buyer and seller feel safer about the transaction. 
682 from jolly roger february amquote from mdparity february amhowdy blackbanks system takes the commission before starting the escrow transaction. 
682 the transaction only has single output instead two. 
682 this way blackbank more than happy allow vendors buyers finalize outside blackbank. 
682 the only trust issue would blackbank offers support there are problems. 
682 however that lot less risky than traditional centralized escrow systems and easier for the buyer vendor. 
682 sure buyer vendor would prioritize verifying that the funds transactions over verifying support. 
682 however still promise continue support with any issues ive been offering advice and support outside blackbank entirely even members other markets. 
682 its important help each other the community. 
682 growing safe and secure community mutually beneficial for everyone regardless immediate financial gain. 
682 cheers idea like feel like both can win this situation. 
682 get the buyer send the commission first the market then you can release all public keys allow the buyer and seller feel safer about the transaction. 
682 and there have. 
682 solution that doesnt centralise all power with the market. 
683 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february pmi have disagree with this guy the server doesnt give you the opportunity verify the address then its not worth. 
683 they could give you multi sig that with addresses both controlled the market. 
683 this opens you obvious scams. 
683 dont fall for what proposing. 
683 verify the address and protect yourself from scams. 
683 first all your accusations about are very offensive. 
683 accusing that trying get you all fall for something. 
683 and not think you completely understand the entire process multisignature addresses make the claims you are making. 
683 how this any more risky than the escrow system that markets had before the markets were controlling the funds and getting robbed and cleaned out several occasions. 
683 people were placing trust markets before and now suddenly you are worried about getting scammed where were you speaking out with the old escrow system sorry that you feel offended but dont think have said anything below the belt. 
683 you are proposing multi sig escrow solution which doesnt protect the buyer from rogue markets incompetent developers. 
683 kind poinltess opionion. 
683 regarding risk compared previous its the same market could rogue loose all its coins due incompetent devs. 
683 whats your point you are proposing solution that still exposes users the same problems. 
683 and its not sudden worry. 
683 have raised the issue mutli sig way before the debacle. 
683 take the time through postings this forum and others and you will see have been long term proponent multi sig. 
683 way beforfe became fashinable. 
683 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february also makes sense for the market hide this the buyer seller wanted avoid fees they could set their own escrow. 
683 also the situation jolly roger describes above the buyer could sign transaction sending all funds vendor and then vendor verifies and also signs the transaction. 
683 funds released market bypassed. 
683 the market not protected. 
683 yes they buyer and seller could set their own escrow outside the market but this would stupid because having makes possible for the market become the arbitrator. 
683 only one the people involved has scammer and then the funds are locked forever. 
683 with the buyer tries scam then the market can provide the second key unlock the funds send the seller. 
683 this why better than. 
683 also the case the market cannot bypassed without the redeemscript generated the time that the multisignature address created. 
683 the market holds the redeemscript multisignature address then the buyer and seller cannot complete the transaction the side without the market and therefore cut out the markets fees. 
683 another security issue with releasing all public keys involved that lets the participants know whether not the seller buyer server are reusing private key and therefore making them more susceptible attacks. 
683 doesnt benefit the scammer financially pull scam. 
683 which removes most the motive. 
683 agree better but not the market doesnt allow the buyer vendor confirm the address you are proposing. 
683 wouldnt touch market that insists hiding the details the address from you. 
683 its too open abuse incompetence. 
683 agreed the redeem script. 
683 but the market cant really withold the script someone can generate themselves from the original inputs. 
683 dont think its security issue the buyer vendor can see the market reusing the same keys. 
683 this would excellent way people being able ascertain the market coded incompetent. 
683 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february the market would rely getting income through signing transaction which sends most funds vendor and commision market. 
683 this would then signed the buyer when happy. 
683 the buyer starts bypassing the market fee transaction then banned. 
683 but hide all away from the user and not give them the ability able verify addresses avoid this market set. 
683 its not healthy. 
683 harder verify you might think see the buyer and seller are closing the deal the side. 
683 unless the market constantly searching through the blockchain for funds spent from that multisignature address would extremely difficult verify that buyer and seller are bypassing the market cut out their fees. 
683 dont see the issue here. 
683 what difficult about this exactly anyone running the bitcond client always getting every transaction. 
683 the databse holding transactions could checked for transactions once week that are older than one month. 
683 any such transaction which has the funds removed from the address would flagged having done deal outside the market. 
683 could probably write bash script this fairly quickly. 
683 missing something here what the difficulty from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february pmi would warn anyone away from the setup jolly roger promoting. 
683 will lead more scams the future and will not allow you verify multi sig setup correctly. 
683 what you are basically saying here that the market should trust the buyers but the buyers should not trust the market. 
683 the market has every incentive keep the ability unlock funds itself out its own hands that not target for hackers. 
683 the market has the ability unlock the funds without any buyer seller input would make the market very dangerous and this not desirable and defeats the purpose for the markets. 
683 but giving out the keys and the redeemscript the buyer and seller gives them the ability close the deal outside the market and bypass fees. 
683 again you are not able trust your market then yes contact the seller and say you want with your seller outside the market and you can easily set one. 
683 but with fees average bypassing the fees will become more common than you think and harder detect than you think. 
683 especially when you are dealing with thousands transactions. 
683 ronin understand what you are saying and you make valid point that would likely desirable for buyer have this setup. 
683 but not desireable for market have this setup since the market relies market fees and giving your customers the ability cut you out the deal bad for business. 
683 there are plenty free and multisignature services out there now that you can use. 
683 you are not comfortable using the markets system then use another one that gives you the public keys. 
683 but you expect the markets start giving you the ability bypass their commissions then you will likely never happy. 
683 not think makes sense for markets this. 
683 the cost running market high and allowing your buyers not pay their taxes speak dumb move for the market. 
683 you not trust your market outside the market. 
683 you make the choice. 
683 think has already been shown that markets suffer from fraudulent owners incompetent developers. 
683 not saying markets shouldnt charge fee. 
683 but also not proposing solution that offers benefits unless you abolutely trust the markets honesty and development abiity which recent events have shown arent good bet. 
683 think this benefits everyone involved. 
683 while hear what you are saying about maintaining the dominance markets and that users should trust them with multi sig respectfully disagree think its appalling setup and will only lead more scams and hacks. 
683 sovles nothing and doesnt move towards trustless system. 
684 from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
684 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
684 not sure they all got stolen what. 
684 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
684 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
684 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
684 who knows though. 
684 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
684 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
685 legal tax paying business surely there aduty care and reimbursement here. 
685 mean whether btc are seen legit not they were providing service and they have failed that right. 
686 dont think its any excuse for its dark net site security the biggest issue. 
686 course for mtgox but fucking hell you dont expect darknet market vulnerable thats the whole point doing illegal activity online security. 
687 until gox comes back online nothing can done. 
688 have feeling that they disabled registration help deal with all the users whose bitcoins were already missing due the negative balance bug the users whose bitcoins not show pending and other users who will not getting repaid. 
689 from lila february pmif you read carefully says that they can view your real address. 
689 justa heads upof course they can any vpn can. 
689 however airvpn the only paid vpn aware that has procedure that does hide your true from their server providing true vpn over tor see. 
689 org tor for details. 
690 from lila february amthis where they say they can see your though the tor sectionfrom the airvpn link noted before using airvpn with torworking configuration tested tor browser bundle openvpn. 
690 after you have downloaded and launched tor browser bundle connect airvpn with socks proxy option activated. 
690 you can this either with airvpn client with the proper option menu member access without our client. 
690 select socks proxy type the combo box the bottom the page. 
690 parameters socks proxy. 
690 port you use the configuration generator dont forget download the archive air. 
690 zip copy all the files inside and paste them into the openvpn configuration directory. 
690 advantages additional privacy layer our vpn server will not see your real address but the the tor exit node option connect web sites under tor protection even those sites which refuse tor connections usage tor even the programs which dont support access tor from all the applications transparently need configure each application one one avoidance any traffic discrimination from tor exit nodes packets are still encrypted when they pass through tor exit node major security layer the event you pass through compromised malicious tor exit node packets are still encrypted when they pass through the tor exit node disadvantages poor performance nfi airvpn respected provider. 
691 sure you know this but ill mention anyway. 
691 info very javascript heavy you need enabled for that site. 
691 dont use tails just the tor browser bundle. 
691 here expereince with shared send blockchain. 
691 info since was modified use sharedcoin. 
691 com several weeks ago. 
691 can very slow. 
691 the little popup that happens when you start transaction can take long time complete. 
691 sometimes will not complete. 
691 when the transaction initiated will take longer confirm than standard transaction. 
691 sometimes couple hours. 
691 sometimes full day. 
691 rather than shared send vendor now have separate wallet blockchain. 
691 info that shared send. 
691 keep some btc there that when want use can transfer directly from there vendor. 
691 that way not concerned with the reliability time for shared send. 
692 has anyone been having problems with their tails freezing while they try shared coin send there way can avoid this the future. 
693 from blackstar february pmquote from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
693 info and sharedcoin. 
693 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
693 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
693 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
693 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
693 com credible like blkchn hopefully the moment shared coin the only credible alternative bitcoin fog. 
694 heard the news that there are issues with the btc mkt. 
694 didnt catch the full story. 
694 hopefully misunderstood the little that heard. 
694 was under the impression that the only way that thebtc could destroyed when the entire internet goes down. 
694 hopefully someone can shed come light the topic. 
695 from mirage february pmjust never forget what more important external usb dvd drive your freedom and even perhaps day your space time. 
695 peacemirageoki you have point. 
695 guess ill invest one. 
695 but one question. 
695 cant use usb key instead dvd should right. 
696 from mirage february pmquote from raztafarii february pmwell ive pretty much given this point. 
696 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
696 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
696 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
696 key one used verify the. 
696 the tails signing. 
696 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
696 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
696 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
696 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
696 just might look into. 
696 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
696 but ill help when wake unless someone else does first. 
697 the different torescrow threads have now been merged. 
698 unforeseen future nestled somewhere victims warnings signs slayer. 
699 any you guys want start bitcoin exchange with can all split half billion dollars. 
700 yeah bitcoin money torrent download. 
700 not centralized which means instead running one server which shut down would the end running upon computers and servers order for shut down you would need shut down every computer running aka the whole internet. 
700 this precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
701 like man aint movement all just secret place buy and sell stuff. 
701 and like any other marketplace the planet they cant properly manage the folks property worse they cant keep their hands out the cookie jar then theyve failed being market and will wither away with all the other frauds. 
702 here another tip. 
702 you have foil bags and want ship something that will smell you can use pvc pipe. 
702 get anything from larger than that and gets very heavy. 
702 look for thinwall. 
702 get end caps and the glue. 
702 put your goods the pipe section you cut off glue the end caps and wait bit for them dry. 
702 you now have odor proof container send out and wont set off any metal detectors either. 
703 made the cryptocurrency sub its own sub opposed child board now feel free move this over there you want. 
705 from albert february amalso drop line two asto why you use prefer the said client over another thatd totally awesomei use few other things too but for this conversation preference seems around these kryptokit. 
706 from cooked february amas its huge ass nigga file and anused itself then fucked mac dont like spending computer only have fucked albert from evilgrin february ambitcoin also messed computer and dont like the idea the client having store the entire blockchain computer. 
706 info because pretty damn simple and has never given problems. 
706 great feedbacks people. 
706 just what was looking for. 
706 got very little hands experience with bitcoinqt but gather its just python based gui for the bash based bitcoind program but with limited features. 
706 but interesting know that its messed your computers sure wasnt something else and yes youre right requires bitcoind updated the lastest blockchain and synced all function which about gigs now from axa february pmbitcoin and armory exactly that. 
706 many users like having the whole blockchain available them but that problem for you use lightweight wallet like electrum. 
706 careful with web wallets they have been hacked before. 
706 keeping your bitcoin locally using client your own computer always more secure. 
706 unfortunately armory doesnt support multi sigs just yet but definitely agree its the most secure offline wallet program out there and therefore use for the markets cold storage. 
706 comes two flavors online and offline and unlike the online version which requires good ram the offline version can run and most folks use old rusty which doesnt require internet. 
706 ideal for offline storage. 
706 from missjones february pmagree. 
706 the most secure web wallets atm are blockchain. 
706 info and coinbase. 
706 coinbase keeps over bitcoin cold storage and moves users hot wallet needed. 
706 correct wrong looked into trying out the coinbase api for multisigs and they only support transactions upto couple hundred dollars day without dox anything above and for larger transactions requires verified account. 
706 should forward them ssn from ronin february pmweb wallets can secure they are fully client side but you take the risk that the javascript not malicious unless you verify everytime. 
706 electrum crap for signing multisigs. 
706 give and you will see what mean. 
706 other than transfering coins multi sig address isnt multi sig compliant. 
706 the server can then link your addresses and potentially deanonoymise you. 
706 bitcoind you have the whole blockchain one can link nothing you. 
706 albert one thing would say though allow people able verify the multi sig address legit giving them the public keys needed recreate. 
706 markets and vendors buyer will already have his own key. 
706 pointless have multi sig the user cant generate the address themselves and verify legit. 
706 some pretty awesome and important points. 
706 well yes the clients would generating their own key pairs pub and priv keys for precisely that. 
706 such verify transactions then broadcast them well for vendors later redeem them. 
706 the idea have this done pretty simple steps. 
707 from missjones february pmquote from axa february pmsecurity bitcoin depends the blockchain being held full many people. 
707 bitcoin and armory exactly that. 
707 however given enough copies the blockchain one can assume the system secure from the data being lost and rely other nodes provide the information require when need. 
707 many users like having the whole blockchain available them but that problem for you use lightweight wallet like electrum. 
707 all the wallets available only armory and electrum only need backed once ever. 
707 careful with web wallets they have been hacked before. 
707 keeping your bitcoin locally using client your own computer always more secure. 
707 can see reason use web wallet unless you have small amount there. 
707 has armory the most secure moment. 
707 the most secure web wallets atm are blockchain. 
707 info and coinbase. 
707 coinbase keeps over bitcoin cold storage and moves users hot wallet needed. 
708 security bitcoin depends the blockchain being held full many people. 
708 bitcoin and armory exactly that. 
708 however given enough copies the blockchain one can assume the system secure from the data being lost and rely other nodes provide the information require when need. 
708 many users like having the whole blockchain available them but that problem for you use lightweight wallet like electrum. 
708 all the wallets available only armory and electrum only need backed once ever. 
708 careful with web wallets they have been hacked before. 
708 keeping your bitcoin locally using client your own computer always more secure. 
709 well ive been playing around with the idea having secure multi sigs implementation tba for while now and been toying around with number different bitcoin clients that currently support transaction some form another. 
709 and ive had folks with their ideas asto why should have such system place well why they believe not. 
709 set for debate amongst our users. 
709 and having heard both sides the argument the overwhelming choice was for favor multi sig integration. 
709 despite the niggles and constraints presented end user. 
709 with various bicoin clients out there was wondering what the spread was like and hence the poll. 
709 maybe you could also drop line two asto why you use prefer the said client over another thatd totally awesome. 
709 though pretty close having had worked out fine balance for how about without being too complicated some users suggested seemed like know what people out here use their favorite bitcoin client. 
710 the most convenient way buy bitcoin the usa through coinbase. 
710 once you link your bank account you can purchase bitcoin with your checking account and receive the bitcoin your coinbase account days. 
710 coinbase charges fee buy sell bitcoin and customers with verified can buy sell bitcoin per day instantly. 
710 anyone can use the coinbase wallet but present you need usa bank account buy sell bitcoin. 
710 com allows you buy bitcoin person from local traders using cash from sellers online and has escrow service built. 
710 com the mycelium mobile wallet for android has local trader feature built that lets you find local sellers offering bitcoin for person trades using cash. 
710 cash into coins. 
710 php new service only that allows you deposit cash your local bank and receive bitcoins about day. 
710 can bitcoin purchased using paypal yes there are sellers localbitcoins. 
710 com who accept paypal. 
710 com buy bitcoins online paypal nho. 
710 you can also use paypal your credit card purchase bitcoin through the bitcoin insanity. 
710 for more ways buy bitcoin browse the clearnet list bitcoin wiki. 
710 wiki buying you will have make your newly purchased bitcoin anonymous using mixing service like bitcoin fog. 
710 best practice keep separate bitcoin wallet for coins that have been mixed. 
710 once sent through bitcoin fog the coins can not traced back you. 
712 why dont just put peace your signiture. 
712 say all the time. 
713 sorry keep your head. 
714 you have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
714 info and sharedcoin. 
714 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
714 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
715 this where they say they can see your though the tor section. 
716 anyone used bizniz from any info discussion would appreciated thanks. 
717 this brings some credibility theft. 
717 gox gets robbed anyone else can too. 
718 from ofl pwmolzg february amuse more privacy friendly exchange like btc with fresh deposit tumbling fog coinjoin shared send but also move into other coins and then tumbling fog coinjoin shared send those other coins and then move back into bitcoin. 
718 when something like zerocoin comes out for real usage and has market obviously moving and out that would the ultimate method. 
718 very cool feel like many more ideas here the better. 
719 this looks good. 
719 like the wot rating system. 
720 mpressed the layout well their trust system. 
720 would feel confident placing order through torescrow. 
721 howdy blackbanks system takes the commission before starting the escrow transaction. 
721 the transaction only has single output instead two. 
721 this way blackbank more than happy allow vendors buyers finalize outside blackbank. 
721 the only trust issue would blackbank offers support there are problems. 
721 however that lot less risky than traditional centralized escrow systems and easier for the buyer vendor. 
721 sure buyer vendor would prioritize verifying that the funds transactions over verifying support. 
721 however still promise continue support with any issues ive been offering advice and support outside blackbank entirely even members other markets. 
721 its important help each other the community. 
721 growing safe and secure community mutually beneficial for everyone regardless immediate financial gain. 
722 from drguacamole february pmi know the safest pgp but have some friends that wont use. 
722 maintain decent private communication have testing trying privnote and telegram secret chat mode. 
722 regarding privnote don really know secure fact have the very feeling that service runned the cia itself that can broken. 
722 telegram secret mode seems quite strong and secure the way the. 
722 usd they offer price for the first hacker that could break seems quite convincent. 
722 what you guys think think anyone who conducts confidential business smartphone taking risks telegram not. 
722 the industry standard for temporary notes. 
722 but way replacement for pgp. 
723 posting here cryptocurrency section too hidden. 
723 magical tux fatboy fanboy. 
723 jonwickedfire redacted has joined channelname mode channelname magicaltux magicaltu mtgox staff magicaltux has joined channelname hey mark. 
723 thanks for coming. 
723 know youre bit. 
723 shaken and stressed. 
723 are you doing okay more less its and tomorrow morning first time have lawyer appointment things couldnt better well not tomorrow but today now yeah youre the future over there japan lol. 
723 guys are even more the future yeah two places ive wanted visit but cringe the flight time alone. 
723 just wanted talk you here pressure you dont have answer anything you dont want. 
723 weve chatted before briefly. 
723 you know lil something. 
723 yep and with all what happened yesterday even though knew all that didnt let contacts fox business publish because didnt want see bitcoin gox going flames could salvaged. 
723 obviously holding that info back and not publishing tumblr leaking docs first allowed someone else stake claim first. 
723 but you win some you lose some. 
723 and honestly not fan people posting things that are rumors bullshit not verified just because damages the shit out someone company. 
723 and really cannot taken back afterwards. 
723 that crisis strategy draft even legit more less the name suggests its draft and its bunch proposals deal with the issue hand not things that are actually planned and done this said this document was not produced mtgox saw some strategies there that had shared with you but also saw some things there that would have never suggested anyone ever through with would make you look horrible. 
723 think lot people ignored the draft part. 
723 was just really surprising see that being leaked. 
723 you think was leaked someone purposely hurt you personally gox general you think was leaked someone purposely hurt you personally gox general have some doubts heh bet. 
723 are you stepping down ceo and away from gox too you cant legally disclose then just say cant disclose that yety yet. 
723 the reason asking because after yesterdays events you removing yourself from the foundation and deleting the twitter account posts and all. 
723 right away speculation within the bitcoin arena went into hyper chaotic mode and the word the street was that you were closing shop and running away with all their monies and bitcoin. 
723 how does that make you feel hear see people you bailed out yourself and stood for over the years turn you like that not good mark know youre not one for expressing yourself but heres your chance because you really have stepped before and done things one else ever had. 
723 probably will again. 
723 and seems like all has been quickly forgotten and instead youre being labeled the madoff bitcoin. 
723 were having this chat and youre still japan your apt office and not cave somewhere right look mark you took mtgox and ran with built stuck with and took level one ever thought possible. 
723 when other exchanges were crippled you stepped and bailed them out absorbed them save the bitcoin market general. 
723 exchange brought you massive surge customers and press that made you look like the hero the day and then some. 
723 but what most people forget too was that you werent set handle this from the start. 
723 were having this chat and youre still japan your apt office and not cave somewhere right home with cat being pain sleeping the keyboard yeah doesnt sound like someone the run with bags money. 
723 whats the plan now for you and mtgox cant comment that yet alright. 
723 mostly because doing could compromise our current efforts imgur the simple image sharer cat pushing keyboard pushing the keyboard back the desk you guys are still actively trying save though havent given you could have given and walked away bunch times previously but you always stuck out. 
723 even though others have closed and walked away why have you continued fight and work and not give giving not part how usually things you want tell your side this bit more like what youve sacrificed given personally have imagine its taken quite toll you. 
723 well first would guess health what you mean took more than since handling mtgox compensating for stress eating guessing stress from lack sleep too like now. 
723 heh and drinking liters coca cola how american almost american actually since some people see coca cola being non american lol anyway should try get some sleep already waking hours err one more thing. 
723 and starting tired pushing keyboard stays the desk you still believe the viability unregulated digital currency like bitcoin tho difficult tbqh the pressure got from banks and governments makes things very hard you think were regulated would make easier work things out partially how well first avoid being blocked banks and governments around the world regulated means that long you follow the regulations youre fine the biggest question people really have asked though are you personally vested mtgox with your own btc and whether not you like everyone else have taken personal hit and are the same boat they are terms taking loss hit from the recent events and whether not you like everyone else have taken personal hit and are the same boat they are terms taking loss hit from the recent events any btc own personally were mtgox how much did you lose yourself well technically speaking its not lost just yet just temporarily unavailable magicaltux magicaltu mtgox staff magicaltux realname mark karpeles channels channelname server calvino. 
723 net milan account magicaltux end whois well how much unavail for you not even sure guys reddit and wickedfire are running around posting screenshots horror stories about how much bitcoin they have lost from this. 
723 didnt check wallet before pushing the site offline anyway maybe should sleep now anything else youd like say everyone before all the pissed off people start going nuts even more. 
723 not really maybe just link something like that why fall gag well well see how this one goes anyway well like chat more but know youre pushing sleep. 
723 and long you are saying youre not disappearing from this. 
723 still think you should say something more all these people least reveal how much youve taken hit for personally. 
723 would show them that you are still their side. 
723 the way that whole removal from the foundation did you decide leave that before after the chats with them help save gox versus let fail. 
724 yea was all over the news yesterday all can say. 
725 been waiting almost weeks withdraw wash coins and now the sites gone down. 
725 what are the people the know doing about this. 
726 from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
726 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
726 not sure they all got stolen what. 
726 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
726 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
726 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
726 who knows though. 
726 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
726 omg was thinking this minutes ago. 
726 what they are just hoarding all the coins one offline wallet till the can just ruin the rate bitcoin. 
727 yea man sorry. 
727 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
727 not sure they all got stolen what. 
727 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
727 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
727 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
727 who knows though. 
727 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
728 had some coin there day trade with which pretty easy profit from volatile market like gox when you can see the order book and know when the spikes would happen. 
728 never bothered leave aml trail because was easy enough withdraw profits btc sell localbitcoins. 
728 now appears shit out luck for rest stuck there. 
729 from bandcamp february amquote from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
729 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
729 not sure they all got stolen what. 
729 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
729 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
729 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
729 who knows though. 
729 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
729 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
729 heard that too that number astronomical for none the reddit skript kiddies see that trail coins the blockchain. 
729 but also heard was because transaction maleablity and apperantly that not possibility from what others with knowledge have posted about the topic after the hack. 
729 wish knew enough figure out but don even know how spell and too lazy look. 
730 from wrathmore february amas legal tax paying business surely there aduty care and reimbursement here. 
730 mean whether btc are seen legit not they were providing service and they have failed that right think too but with fdic insurance they wouldnt have the funds pay back people the coins were stolen. 
730 like bank not fdic insured may not able pay you back after bank robbery its gon its gone. 
730 thats the main issue see even was court ordered pay back the btc just simply does not have and guess that would just bankruptcy for him and gox and has live with death threats forever. 
731 from evilgrin february amany you guys want start bitcoin exchange with can all split half billion dollars market for that matter. 
732 from bandcamp february amquote from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
732 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
732 not sure they all got stolen what. 
732 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
732 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
732 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
732 who knows though. 
732 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
732 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
732 yeah was around. 
732 but they were found. 
732 com news bitcoin mtgox theft. 
733 otr can used with nearly any transport. 
733 otr likely the most secure way youll have messaging for while. 
734 bitcoin also messed computer and dont like the idea the client having store the entire blockchain computer. 
734 info because pretty damn simple and has never given problems. 
734 however know will have sacrafice conveinience for security and happy. 
734 unfortunetly not all people will feel that way quite possibly the majority. 
734 ready try wallet that supports mst and will have soon can explain how works all the. 
735 web wallets can secure they are fully client side but you take the risk that the javascript not malicious unless you verify everytime. 
735 prefer bitcoind over electrum for reasons electrum crap for signing multisigs. 
735 give and you will see what mean. 
735 other than transfering coins multi sig address isnt multi sig compliant. 
735 bitcoind has the whole blockchain. 
735 electrum requests the data for addresses sends server. 
735 the server can then link your addresses and potentially deanonoymise you. 
735 bitcoind you have the whole blockchain one can link nothing you. 
735 having said that electrum obviously more convenient and space saving. 
735 have been working plugin for trying fix multi sig signing electrum but havent had much time devote this would have liked recently. 
735 but will continue and hopefully have out before electrum fix albert one thing would say though allow people able verify the multi sig address legit giving them the public keys needed recreate. 
735 markets and vendors buyer will already have his own key. 
735 pointless have multi sig the user cant generate the address themselves and verify legit. 
736 from jolly roger february pmquote from patrick february amtrue but there are lots vpn services which advertises itself providers who doesnt keep any logs all. 
736 the event this true wouldnt this solution safe one after all the feds goes the vpn provider but its dead end there. 
736 yes but this case vpn discovered hosting somebody interest then they can forced court order keep logs. 
736 this happened hide ass and another vpn which escapes right now. 
736 just remember that nobody will jail for you. 
736 check out post about the pedophile ring. 
736 msg msg was good read thank you. 
736 how about this solution tor over vpn like axa mentioned here. 
736 msg msg sorry dont want pain the ass just trying find the best solution available person. 
737 amnesia amnesia gpg list packets pgpkey file. 
737 txtamnesia amnesia gpg list packets pgpkey file. 
737 txtamnesia amnesia diff file. 
737 txt version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key expires after looks like they represent the date differently and have slight stylistic differences. 
737 edit wow brain wasnt working. 
737 the even more important difference that the second key has expiration date. 
737 the first key good forever. 
737 always have expiration date your key and always have revocation certificate backed somewhere case your key compromised. 
738 not sure where they are pulling their btc rate from. 
738 its also entirely possible that due the rapid fall and expected quick rebound that the devs locked temporarily keep customers from drastically over spending. 
738 ofc this would have been bad move the rebound had not happened would have put burden back onto vendors but overall cant blame them for doing. 
738 honestly was probably good move favor the customers the time but since looks like btc going back the rise now that the whole fear gox collapsing over they should put back auto tracking. 
739 yea and unlike where the theif virtually anonymous fatfuck has worry about more than moving coins around. 
739 needs worry about moving himself around his are pretty much public record. 
739 almost feel bad for the guy. 
740 any intelligent person would register website and business like mtgox stolen identity. 
740 not only these websites operate completely the gray area law but situation like this you would def want run off with that million bitcoin dat mill million dollai bet fatboy faggot feels like dick now for not understanding identity theftjust cost you million dollarsfaggot. 
741 most people use bitcoin web based wallet personally think bitcoin rots your hard drive its huge ass nigga file and anused itself then fucked mac dont like spending computer only have fucked albert dont. 
742 from axa february pmsecurity bitcoin depends the blockchain being held full many people. 
742 bitcoin and armory exactly that. 
742 however given enough copies the blockchain one can assume the system secure from the data being lost and rely other nodes provide the information require when need. 
742 many users like having the whole blockchain available them but that problem for you use lightweight wallet like electrum. 
742 all the wallets available only armory and electrum only need backed once ever. 
742 careful with web wallets they have been hacked before. 
742 keeping your bitcoin locally using client your own computer always more secure. 
742 can see reason use web wallet unless you have small amount there. 
742 has armory the most secure moment. 
743 wasnt trying macbook was trying imac with optical drive but was trying boot tails from usb not. 
743 the proccess fairly complicated. 
743 there are few methods but the only one got work was installing via command line. 
743 there are directions the site that explain how this and you can simply copy paste the commands and replace the with the. 
743 iso compy pasting the command line when asks for its directory. 
743 for simply would not install this way and was because was missing command that was not the instructions. 
743 something retarded like dev the end certain command. 
743 after about hours trying figured this out and got successfully install. 
743 next you need bootloader because mac has efi loader instead. 
743 for this they say you need refind which older version refit. 
743 could not get install because already had refit there with hopes remove. 
743 when turned computer the usb drive shows but only boots blank screen and goes where. 
743 after few more hours tinkinering gave. 
744 from mirage february pmquote from raztafarii february pmwell ive pretty much given this point. 
744 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
744 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
744 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
744 key one used verify the. 
744 the tails signing. 
744 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
744 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
744 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
744 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
744 just might look into. 
744 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
744 never give and you shouldnt even worrying about terminal for now. 
744 for starters just try burn the. 
744 iso dvd using disk utility mentioned above. 
744 then you can worry about verifing and signatures and what not later. 
744 first things first. 
744 and you might not even have use reefit just hold down the option key when booting see your list connected drives give try works for only use. 
744 for legal stuff for number reasons. 
744 the least which its the last version you dont have download and can have original dvd installation disk. 
744 well you read the small print the licensing agreement apple didnt join the nsas prizm program until after steve jobs died. 
744 just went down like that. 
744 and there are many other good reasons run. 
744 and nothing after. 
744 and even better reasons run linux tails ect. 
744 dont give just yet are all here help try what mentioned above and just lemmie know peacemirageoki thanks for the encouragement wont give yet would get the burning onto the dvd but drive all jacked put itll never coma back out unless manage pull out. 
744 will usb work really want avoid buying anything extra this point runnin low cash like external drive something. 
745 shared send gone friend. 
745 and have been having issues with tails using shared coin simply wont let. 
745 says loading but nothing working happening the box stays greyish rather than the blue clickable button. 
745 thought was just. 
746 from axa february pmquote from blackstar february pmquote from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
746 info and sharedcoin. 
746 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
746 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
746 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
746 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
746 com credible like blkchn hopefully the moment shared coin the only credible alternative bitcoin fog. 
746 know and not nealry good shared send was. 
746 but think the feds kinda gave kick the pants get that feature removed. 
747 from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
747 info and sharedcoin. 
747 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
747 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
747 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
747 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
747 com credible like blkchn hopefully. 
748 from cooked february pmnow lets look some more practical thingsprivnote isnt stored your computerwhat the fuck normal non criminal person doing with pgp their computer being private why you think there are huge network keyservers sks keyservers. 
748 net its powerful tool verify identity and secure. 
748 pgp has been around since. 
748 there nothing fundementally suspicious about using pgp. 
749 tails leaves javascript enabled default because they want match the tbb fingerprint closely possible. 
749 get the tbb fix and tails will change without hesitation. 
750 org projects torbrowser design. 
750 net code issues basically tails want look exactly the same tbb web server. 
750 noscript enabled default tbb tails will change theirs reflect the new design. 
750 course you could actually build your own tails with javascript turned off. 
750 there are instructions how roll your own tails the website. 
750 here the commit tree you can how was sup before you got. 
751 from mdparity february amhowdy blackbanks system takes the commission before starting the escrow transaction. 
751 the transaction only has single output instead two. 
751 this way blackbank more than happy allow vendors buyers finalize outside blackbank. 
751 the only trust issue would blackbank offers support there are problems. 
751 however that lot less risky than traditional centralized escrow systems and easier for the buyer vendor. 
751 sure buyer vendor would prioritize verifying that the funds transactions over verifying support. 
751 however still promise continue support with any issues ive been offering advice and support outside blackbank entirely even members other markets. 
751 its important help each other the community. 
751 growing safe and secure community mutually beneficial for everyone regardless immediate financial gain. 
751 cheers idea like feel like both can win this situation. 
751 get the buyer send the commission first the market then you can release all public keys allow the buyer and seller feel safer about the transaction. 
752 from jolly roger february amquote from mdparity february amhowdy blackbanks system takes the commission before starting the escrow transaction. 
752 the transaction only has single output instead two. 
752 this way blackbank more than happy allow vendors buyers finalize outside blackbank. 
752 the only trust issue would blackbank offers support there are problems. 
752 however that lot less risky than traditional centralized escrow systems and easier for the buyer vendor. 
752 sure buyer vendor would prioritize verifying that the funds transactions over verifying support. 
752 however still promise continue support with any issues ive been offering advice and support outside blackbank entirely even members other markets. 
752 its important help each other the community. 
752 growing safe and secure community mutually beneficial for everyone regardless immediate financial gain. 
752 cheers idea like feel like both can win this situation. 
752 get the buyer send the commission first the market then you can release all public keys allow the buyer and seller feel safer about the transaction. 
752 and there have. 
752 solution that doesnt centralise all power with the market. 
753 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february pmi have disagree with this guy the server doesnt give you the opportunity verify the address then its not worth. 
753 they could give you multi sig that with addresses both controlled the market. 
753 this opens you obvious scams. 
753 dont fall for what proposing. 
753 verify the address and protect yourself from scams. 
753 first all your accusations about are very offensive. 
753 accusing that trying get you all fall for something. 
753 and not think you completely understand the entire process multisignature addresses make the claims you are making. 
753 how this any more risky than the escrow system that markets had before the markets were controlling the funds and getting robbed and cleaned out several occasions. 
753 people were placing trust markets before and now suddenly you are worried about getting scammed where were you speaking out with the old escrow system sorry that you feel offended but dont think have said anything below the belt. 
753 you are proposing multi sig escrow solution which doesnt protect the buyer from rogue markets incompetent developers. 
753 kind poinltess opionion. 
753 regarding risk compared previous its the same market could rogue loose all its coins due incompetent devs. 
753 whats your point you are proposing solution that still exposes users the same problems. 
753 and its not sudden worry. 
753 have raised the issue mutli sig way before the debacle. 
753 take the time through postings this forum and others and you will see have been long term proponent multi sig. 
753 way beforfe became fashinable. 
753 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february also makes sense for the market hide this the buyer seller wanted avoid fees they could set their own escrow. 
753 also the situation jolly roger describes above the buyer could sign transaction sending all funds vendor and then vendor verifies and also signs the transaction. 
753 funds released market bypassed. 
753 the market not protected. 
753 yes they buyer and seller could set their own escrow outside the market but this would stupid because having makes possible for the market become the arbitrator. 
753 only one the people involved has scammer and then the funds are locked forever. 
753 with the buyer tries scam then the market can provide the second key unlock the funds send the seller. 
753 this why better than. 
753 also the case the market cannot bypassed without the redeemscript generated the time that the multisignature address created. 
753 the market holds the redeemscript multisignature address then the buyer and seller cannot complete the transaction the side without the market and therefore cut out the markets fees. 
753 another security issue with releasing all public keys involved that lets the participants know whether not the seller buyer server are reusing private key and therefore making them more susceptible attacks. 
753 doesnt benefit the scammer financially pull scam. 
753 which removes most the motive. 
753 agree better but not the market doesnt allow the buyer vendor confirm the address you are proposing. 
753 wouldnt touch market that insists hiding the details the address from you. 
753 its too open abuse incompetence. 
753 agreed the redeem script. 
753 but the market cant really withold the script someone can generate themselves from the original inputs. 
753 dont think its security issue the buyer vendor can see the market reusing the same keys. 
753 this would excellent way people being able ascertain the market coded incompetent. 
753 from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february the market would rely getting income through signing transaction which sends most funds vendor and commision market. 
753 this would then signed the buyer when happy. 
753 the buyer starts bypassing the market fee transaction then banned. 
753 but hide all away from the user and not give them the ability able verify addresses avoid this market set. 
753 its not healthy. 
753 harder verify you might think see the buyer and seller are closing the deal the side. 
753 unless the market constantly searching through the blockchain for funds spent from that multisignature address would extremely difficult verify that buyer and seller are bypassing the market cut out their fees. 
753 dont see the issue here. 
753 what difficult about this exactly anyone running the bitcond client always getting every transaction. 
753 the databse holding transactions could checked for transactions once week that are older than one month. 
753 any such transaction which has the funds removed from the address would flagged having done deal outside the market. 
753 could probably write bash script this fairly quickly. 
753 missing something here what the difficulty from jolly roger february pmquote from ronin february pmi would warn anyone away from the setup jolly roger promoting. 
753 will lead more scams the future and will not allow you verify multi sig setup correctly. 
753 what you are basically saying here that the market should trust the buyers but the buyers should not trust the market. 
753 the market has every incentive keep the ability unlock funds itself out its own hands that not target for hackers. 
753 the market has the ability unlock the funds without any buyer seller input would make the market very dangerous and this not desirable and defeats the purpose for the markets. 
753 but giving out the keys and the redeemscript the buyer and seller gives them the ability close the deal outside the market and bypass fees. 
753 again you are not able trust your market then yes contact the seller and say you want with your seller outside the market and you can easily set one. 
753 but with fees average bypassing the fees will become more common than you think and harder detect than you think. 
753 especially when you are dealing with thousands transactions. 
753 ronin understand what you are saying and you make valid point that would likely desirable for buyer have this setup. 
753 but not desireable for market have this setup since the market relies market fees and giving your customers the ability cut you out the deal bad for business. 
753 there are plenty free and multisignature services out there now that you can use. 
753 you are not comfortable using the markets system then use another one that gives you the public keys. 
753 but you expect the markets start giving you the ability bypass their commissions then you will likely never happy. 
753 not think makes sense for markets this. 
753 the cost running market high and allowing your buyers not pay their taxes speak dumb move for the market. 
753 you not trust your market outside the market. 
753 you make the choice. 
753 think has already been shown that markets suffer from fraudulent owners incompetent developers. 
753 not saying markets shouldnt charge fee. 
753 but also not proposing solution that offers benefits unless you abolutely trust the markets honesty and development abiity which recent events have shown arent good bet. 
753 think this benefits everyone involved. 
753 while hear what you are saying about maintaining the dominance markets and that users should trust them with multi sig respectfully disagree think its appalling setup and will only lead more scams and hacks. 
753 sovles nothing and doesnt move towards trustless system. 
754 from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
754 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
754 not sure they all got stolen what. 
754 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
754 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
754 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
754 who knows though. 
754 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
754 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
755 legal tax paying business surely there aduty care and reimbursement here. 
755 mean whether btc are seen legit not they were providing service and they have failed that right. 
756 dont think its any excuse for its dark net site security the biggest issue. 
756 course for mtgox but fucking hell you dont expect darknet market vulnerable thats the whole point doing illegal activity online security. 
757 until gox comes back online nothing can done. 
758 have feeling that they disabled registration help deal with all the users whose bitcoins were already missing due the negative balance bug the users whose bitcoins not show pending and other users who will not getting repaid. 
759 from lila february pmif you read carefully says that they can view your real address. 
759 justa heads upof course they can any vpn can. 
759 however airvpn the only paid vpn aware that has procedure that does hide your true from their server providing true vpn over tor see. 
759 org tor for details. 
760 from lila february amthis where they say they can see your though the tor sectionfrom the airvpn link noted before using airvpn with torworking configuration tested tor browser bundle openvpn. 
760 after you have downloaded and launched tor browser bundle connect airvpn with socks proxy option activated. 
760 you can this either with airvpn client with the proper option menu member access without our client. 
760 select socks proxy type the combo box the bottom the page. 
760 parameters socks proxy. 
760 port you use the configuration generator dont forget download the archive air. 
760 zip copy all the files inside and paste them into the openvpn configuration directory. 
760 advantages additional privacy layer our vpn server will not see your real address but the the tor exit node option connect web sites under tor protection even those sites which refuse tor connections usage tor even the programs which dont support access tor from all the applications transparently need configure each application one one avoidance any traffic discrimination from tor exit nodes packets are still encrypted when they pass through tor exit node major security layer the event you pass through compromised malicious tor exit node packets are still encrypted when they pass through the tor exit node disadvantages poor performance nfi airvpn respected provider. 
761 sure you know this but ill mention anyway. 
761 info very javascript heavy you need enabled for that site. 
761 dont use tails just the tor browser bundle. 
761 here expereince with shared send blockchain. 
761 info since was modified use sharedcoin. 
761 com several weeks ago. 
761 can very slow. 
761 the little popup that happens when you start transaction can take long time complete. 
761 sometimes will not complete. 
761 when the transaction initiated will take longer confirm than standard transaction. 
761 sometimes couple hours. 
761 sometimes full day. 
761 rather than shared send vendor now have separate wallet blockchain. 
761 info that shared send. 
761 keep some btc there that when want use can transfer directly from there vendor. 
761 that way not concerned with the reliability time for shared send. 
762 has anyone been having problems with their tails freezing while they try shared coin send there way can avoid this the future. 
763 from blackstar february pmquote from owockeznan february pmyou have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
763 info and sharedcoin. 
763 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
763 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
763 shit well that would explain perfectly didnt even know sharedcoin was different site rather feature. 
763 that kinda sucks know how sketch enabling scripts and barely let blockchain. 
763 com credible like blkchn hopefully the moment shared coin the only credible alternative bitcoin fog. 
764 heard the news that there are issues with the btc mkt. 
764 didnt catch the full story. 
764 hopefully misunderstood the little that heard. 
764 was under the impression that the only way that thebtc could destroyed when the entire internet goes down. 
764 hopefully someone can shed come light the topic. 
765 from mirage february pmjust never forget what more important external usb dvd drive your freedom and even perhaps day your space time. 
765 peacemirageoki you have point. 
765 guess ill invest one. 
765 but one question. 
765 cant use usb key instead dvd should right. 
766 from mirage february pmquote from raztafarii february pmwell ive pretty much given this point. 
766 its really advanced stuff and tech knowledge and skills sort dont that far. 
766 mirage ive only been able download the required files. 
766 iso file and another one and the tailssigning. 
766 key one used verify the. 
766 the tails signing. 
766 key when download zipped file which cant unzip error corrupt file file format not supported when try import terminal doesnt work. 
766 dont know what this stage and this like the first freaking step. 
766 also apparently you need refit whatever which dont have. 
766 also buying anything this point isnt rly ideal dunno. 
766 just might look into. 
766 maybe ill try upgrade more recent osx have snow leopard. 
766 but ill help when wake unless someone else does first. 
767 the different torescrow threads have now been merged. 
768 unforeseen future nestled somewhere victims warnings signs slayer. 
769 any you guys want start bitcoin exchange with can all split half billion dollars. 
770 yeah bitcoin money torrent download. 
770 not centralized which means instead running one server which shut down would the end running upon computers and servers order for shut down you would need shut down every computer running aka the whole internet. 
770 this precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
771 like man aint movement all just secret place buy and sell stuff. 
771 and like any other marketplace the planet they cant properly manage the folks property worse they cant keep their hands out the cookie jar then theyve failed being market and will wither away with all the other frauds. 
772 here another tip. 
772 you have foil bags and want ship something that will smell you can use pvc pipe. 
772 get anything from larger than that and gets very heavy. 
772 look for thinwall. 
772 get end caps and the glue. 
772 put your goods the pipe section you cut off glue the end caps and wait bit for them dry. 
772 you now have odor proof container send out and wont set off any metal detectors either. 
773 made the cryptocurrency sub its own sub opposed child board now feel free move this over there you want. 
775 from albert february amalso drop line two asto why you use prefer the said client over another thatd totally awesomei use few other things too but for this conversation preference seems around these kryptokit. 
776 from cooked february amas its huge ass nigga file and anused itself then fucked mac dont like spending computer only have fucked albert from evilgrin february ambitcoin also messed computer and dont like the idea the client having store the entire blockchain computer. 
776 info because pretty damn simple and has never given problems. 
776 great feedbacks people. 
776 just what was looking for. 
776 got very little hands experience with bitcoinqt but gather its just python based gui for the bash based bitcoind program but with limited features. 
776 but interesting know that its messed your computers sure wasnt something else and yes youre right requires bitcoind updated the lastest blockchain and synced all function which about gigs now from axa february pmbitcoin and armory exactly that. 
776 many users like having the whole blockchain available them but that problem for you use lightweight wallet like electrum. 
776 careful with web wallets they have been hacked before. 
776 keeping your bitcoin locally using client your own computer always more secure. 
776 unfortunately armory doesnt support multi sigs just yet but definitely agree its the most secure offline wallet program out there and therefore use for the markets cold storage. 
776 comes two flavors online and offline and unlike the online version which requires good ram the offline version can run and most folks use old rusty which doesnt require internet. 
776 ideal for offline storage. 
776 from missjones february pmagree. 
776 the most secure web wallets atm are blockchain. 
776 info and coinbase. 
776 coinbase keeps over bitcoin cold storage and moves users hot wallet needed. 
776 correct wrong looked into trying out the coinbase api for multisigs and they only support transactions upto couple hundred dollars day without dox anything above and for larger transactions requires verified account. 
776 should forward them ssn from ronin february pmweb wallets can secure they are fully client side but you take the risk that the javascript not malicious unless you verify everytime. 
776 electrum crap for signing multisigs. 
776 give and you will see what mean. 
776 other than transfering coins multi sig address isnt multi sig compliant. 
776 the server can then link your addresses and potentially deanonoymise you. 
776 bitcoind you have the whole blockchain one can link nothing you. 
776 albert one thing would say though allow people able verify the multi sig address legit giving them the public keys needed recreate. 
776 markets and vendors buyer will already have his own key. 
776 pointless have multi sig the user cant generate the address themselves and verify legit. 
776 some pretty awesome and important points. 
776 well yes the clients would generating their own key pairs pub and priv keys for precisely that. 
776 such verify transactions then broadcast them well for vendors later redeem them. 
776 the idea have this done pretty simple steps. 
777 from missjones february pmquote from axa february pmsecurity bitcoin depends the blockchain being held full many people. 
777 bitcoin and armory exactly that. 
777 however given enough copies the blockchain one can assume the system secure from the data being lost and rely other nodes provide the information require when need. 
777 many users like having the whole blockchain available them but that problem for you use lightweight wallet like electrum. 
777 all the wallets available only armory and electrum only need backed once ever. 
777 careful with web wallets they have been hacked before. 
777 keeping your bitcoin locally using client your own computer always more secure. 
777 can see reason use web wallet unless you have small amount there. 
777 has armory the most secure moment. 
777 the most secure web wallets atm are blockchain. 
777 info and coinbase. 
777 coinbase keeps over bitcoin cold storage and moves users hot wallet needed. 
778 security bitcoin depends the blockchain being held full many people. 
778 bitcoin and armory exactly that. 
778 however given enough copies the blockchain one can assume the system secure from the data being lost and rely other nodes provide the information require when need. 
778 many users like having the whole blockchain available them but that problem for you use lightweight wallet like electrum. 
778 all the wallets available only armory and electrum only need backed once ever. 
778 careful with web wallets they have been hacked before. 
778 keeping your bitcoin locally using client your own computer always more secure. 
779 well ive been playing around with the idea having secure multi sigs implementation tba for while now and been toying around with number different bitcoin clients that currently support transaction some form another. 
779 and ive had folks with their ideas asto why should have such system place well why they believe not. 
779 set for debate amongst our users. 
779 and having heard both sides the argument the overwhelming choice was for favor multi sig integration. 
779 despite the niggles and constraints presented end user. 
779 with various bicoin clients out there was wondering what the spread was like and hence the poll. 
779 maybe you could also drop line two asto why you use prefer the said client over another thatd totally awesome. 
779 though pretty close having had worked out fine balance for how about without being too complicated some users suggested seemed like know what people out here use their favorite bitcoin client. 
780 the most convenient way buy bitcoin the usa through coinbase. 
780 once you link your bank account you can purchase bitcoin with your checking account and receive the bitcoin your coinbase account days. 
780 coinbase charges fee buy sell bitcoin and customers with verified can buy sell bitcoin per day instantly. 
780 anyone can use the coinbase wallet but present you need usa bank account buy sell bitcoin. 
780 com allows you buy bitcoin person from local traders using cash from sellers online and has escrow service built. 
780 com the mycelium mobile wallet for android has local trader feature built that lets you find local sellers offering bitcoin for person trades using cash. 
780 cash into coins. 
780 php new service only that allows you deposit cash your local bank and receive bitcoins about day. 
780 can bitcoin purchased using paypal yes there are sellers localbitcoins. 
780 com who accept paypal. 
780 com buy bitcoins online paypal nho. 
780 you can also use paypal your credit card purchase bitcoin through the bitcoin insanity. 
780 for more ways buy bitcoin browse the clearnet list bitcoin wiki. 
780 wiki buying you will have make your newly purchased bitcoin anonymous using mixing service like bitcoin fog. 
780 best practice keep separate bitcoin wallet for coins that have been mixed. 
780 once sent through bitcoin fog the coins can not traced back you. 
782 why dont just put peace your signiture. 
782 say all the time. 
783 sorry keep your head. 
784 you have make sure that noscript allowing both blockchain. 
784 info and sharedcoin. 
784 comalso have noticed you have address that has mupltiple inputs sharedcoin doesnt like them all and tends fail. 
784 its easier sweep them all into one address and send. 
785 this where they say they can see your though the tor section. 
786 anyone used bizniz from any info discussion would appreciated thanks. 
787 this brings some credibility theft. 
787 gox gets robbed anyone else can too. 
788 from ofl pwmolzg february amuse more privacy friendly exchange like btc with fresh deposit tumbling fog coinjoin shared send but also move into other coins and then tumbling fog coinjoin shared send those other coins and then move back into bitcoin. 
788 when something like zerocoin comes out for real usage and has market obviously moving and out that would the ultimate method. 
788 very cool feel like many more ideas here the better. 
789 this looks good. 
789 like the wot rating system. 
790 mpressed the layout well their trust system. 
790 would feel confident placing order through torescrow. 
791 howdy blackbanks system takes the commission before starting the escrow transaction. 
791 the transaction only has single output instead two. 
791 this way blackbank more than happy allow vendors buyers finalize outside blackbank. 
791 the only trust issue would blackbank offers support there are problems. 
791 however that lot less risky than traditional centralized escrow systems and easier for the buyer vendor. 
791 sure buyer vendor would prioritize verifying that the funds transactions over verifying support. 
791 however still promise continue support with any issues ive been offering advice and support outside blackbank entirely even members other markets. 
791 its important help each other the community. 
791 growing safe and secure community mutually beneficial for everyone regardless immediate financial gain. 
792 from drguacamole february pmi know the safest pgp but have some friends that wont use. 
792 maintain decent private communication have testing trying privnote and telegram secret chat mode. 
792 regarding privnote don really know secure fact have the very feeling that service runned the cia itself that can broken. 
792 telegram secret mode seems quite strong and secure the way the. 
792 usd they offer price for the first hacker that could break seems quite convincent. 
792 what you guys think think anyone who conducts confidential business smartphone taking risks telegram not. 
792 the industry standard for temporary notes. 
792 but way replacement for pgp. 
793 posting here cryptocurrency section too hidden. 
793 magical tux fatboy fanboy. 
793 jonwickedfire redacted has joined channelname mode channelname magicaltux magicaltu mtgox staff magicaltux has joined channelname hey mark. 
793 thanks for coming. 
793 know youre bit. 
793 shaken and stressed. 
793 are you doing okay more less its and tomorrow morning first time have lawyer appointment things couldnt better well not tomorrow but today now yeah youre the future over there japan lol. 
793 guys are even more the future yeah two places ive wanted visit but cringe the flight time alone. 
793 just wanted talk you here pressure you dont have answer anything you dont want. 
793 weve chatted before briefly. 
793 you know lil something. 
793 yep and with all what happened yesterday even though knew all that didnt let contacts fox business publish because didnt want see bitcoin gox going flames could salvaged. 
793 obviously holding that info back and not publishing tumblr leaking docs first allowed someone else stake claim first. 
793 but you win some you lose some. 
793 and honestly not fan people posting things that are rumors bullshit not verified just because damages the shit out someone company. 
793 and really cannot taken back afterwards. 
793 that crisis strategy draft even legit more less the name suggests its draft and its bunch proposals deal with the issue hand not things that are actually planned and done this said this document was not produced mtgox saw some strategies there that had shared with you but also saw some things there that would have never suggested anyone ever through with would make you look horrible. 
793 think lot people ignored the draft part. 
793 was just really surprising see that being leaked. 
793 you think was leaked someone purposely hurt you personally gox general you think was leaked someone purposely hurt you personally gox general have some doubts heh bet. 
793 are you stepping down ceo and away from gox too you cant legally disclose then just say cant disclose that yety yet. 
793 the reason asking because after yesterdays events you removing yourself from the foundation and deleting the twitter account posts and all. 
793 right away speculation within the bitcoin arena went into hyper chaotic mode and the word the street was that you were closing shop and running away with all their monies and bitcoin. 
793 how does that make you feel hear see people you bailed out yourself and stood for over the years turn you like that not good mark know youre not one for expressing yourself but heres your chance because you really have stepped before and done things one else ever had. 
793 probably will again. 
793 and seems like all has been quickly forgotten and instead youre being labeled the madoff bitcoin. 
793 were having this chat and youre still japan your apt office and not cave somewhere right look mark you took mtgox and ran with built stuck with and took level one ever thought possible. 
793 when other exchanges were crippled you stepped and bailed them out absorbed them save the bitcoin market general. 
793 exchange brought you massive surge customers and press that made you look like the hero the day and then some. 
793 but what most people forget too was that you werent set handle this from the start. 
793 were having this chat and youre still japan your apt office and not cave somewhere right home with cat being pain sleeping the keyboard yeah doesnt sound like someone the run with bags money. 
793 whats the plan now for you and mtgox cant comment that yet alright. 
793 mostly because doing could compromise our current efforts imgur the simple image sharer cat pushing keyboard pushing the keyboard back the desk you guys are still actively trying save though havent given you could have given and walked away bunch times previously but you always stuck out. 
793 even though others have closed and walked away why have you continued fight and work and not give giving not part how usually things you want tell your side this bit more like what youve sacrificed given personally have imagine its taken quite toll you. 
793 well first would guess health what you mean took more than since handling mtgox compensating for stress eating guessing stress from lack sleep too like now. 
793 heh and drinking liters coca cola how american almost american actually since some people see coca cola being non american lol anyway should try get some sleep already waking hours err one more thing. 
793 and starting tired pushing keyboard stays the desk you still believe the viability unregulated digital currency like bitcoin tho difficult tbqh the pressure got from banks and governments makes things very hard you think were regulated would make easier work things out partially how well first avoid being blocked banks and governments around the world regulated means that long you follow the regulations youre fine the biggest question people really have asked though are you personally vested mtgox with your own btc and whether not you like everyone else have taken personal hit and are the same boat they are terms taking loss hit from the recent events and whether not you like everyone else have taken personal hit and are the same boat they are terms taking loss hit from the recent events any btc own personally were mtgox how much did you lose yourself well technically speaking its not lost just yet just temporarily unavailable magicaltux magicaltu mtgox staff magicaltux realname mark karpeles channels channelname server calvino. 
793 net milan account magicaltux end whois well how much unavail for you not even sure guys reddit and wickedfire are running around posting screenshots horror stories about how much bitcoin they have lost from this. 
793 didnt check wallet before pushing the site offline anyway maybe should sleep now anything else youd like say everyone before all the pissed off people start going nuts even more. 
793 not really maybe just link something like that why fall gag well well see how this one goes anyway well like chat more but know youre pushing sleep. 
793 and long you are saying youre not disappearing from this. 
793 still think you should say something more all these people least reveal how much youve taken hit for personally. 
793 would show them that you are still their side. 
793 the way that whole removal from the foundation did you decide leave that before after the chats with them help save gox versus let fail. 
794 yea was all over the news yesterday all can say. 
795 been waiting almost weeks withdraw wash coins and now the sites gone down. 
795 what are the people the know doing about this. 
796 from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
796 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
796 not sure they all got stolen what. 
796 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
796 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
796 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
796 who knows though. 
796 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
796 omg was thinking this minutes ago. 
796 what they are just hoarding all the coins one offline wallet till the can just ruin the rate bitcoin. 
797 yea man sorry. 
797 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
797 not sure they all got stolen what. 
797 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
797 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
797 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
797 who knows though. 
797 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
798 had some coin there day trade with which pretty easy profit from volatile market like gox when you can see the order book and know when the spikes would happen. 
798 never bothered leave aml trail because was easy enough withdraw profits btc sell localbitcoins. 
798 now appears shit out luck for rest stuck there. 
799 from bandcamp february amquote from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
799 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
799 not sure they all got stolen what. 
799 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
799 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
799 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
799 who knows though. 
799 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
799 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
799 heard that too that number astronomical for none the reddit skript kiddies see that trail coins the blockchain. 
799 but also heard was because transaction maleablity and apperantly that not possibility from what others with knowledge have posted about the topic after the hack. 
799 wish knew enough figure out but don even know how spell and too lazy look. 
800 from wrathmore february amas legal tax paying business surely there aduty care and reimbursement here. 
800 mean whether btc are seen legit not they were providing service and they have failed that right think too but with fdic insurance they wouldnt have the funds pay back people the coins were stolen. 
800 like bank not fdic insured may not able pay you back after bank robbery its gon its gone. 
800 thats the main issue see even was court ordered pay back the btc just simply does not have and guess that would just bankruptcy for him and gox and has live with death threats forever. 
801 from evilgrin february amany you guys want start bitcoin exchange with can all split half billion dollars market for that matter. 
802 from bandcamp february amquote from blackstar february amyea man sorry. 
802 hopefully there some legal recouse that can implemented lean them pay coins back. 
802 not sure they all got stolen what. 
802 wouldnt suprise the feds didnt have ahand. 
802 seems like more and more coins are going missing into wallets that are sitting still. 
802 know how bad the feds want btc gone. 
802 who knows though. 
802 genuinely sorry for all involved gox. 
802 read somewhere where btc had been stolen from mtgox and they never told anyone. 
802 yeah was around. 
802 but they were found. 
802 com news bitcoin mtgox theft. 
803 otr can used with nearly any transport. 
803 otr likely the most secure way youll have messaging for while. 
804 bitcoin also messed computer and dont like the idea the client having store the entire blockchain computer. 
804 info because pretty damn simple and has never given problems. 
804 however know will have sacrafice conveinience for security and happy. 
804 unfortunetly not all people will feel that way quite possibly the majority. 
804 ready try wallet that supports mst and will have soon can explain how works all the. 
805 web wallets can secure they are fully client side but you take the risk that the javascript not malicious unless you verify everytime. 
805 prefer bitcoind over electrum for reasons electrum crap for signing multisigs. 
805 give and you will see what mean. 
805 other than transfering coins multi sig address isnt multi sig compliant. 
805 bitcoind has the whole blockchain. 
805 electrum requests the data for addresses sends server. 
805 the server can then link your addresses and potentially deanonoymise you. 
805 bitcoind you have the whole blockchain one can link nothing you. 
805 having said that electrum obviously more convenient and space saving. 
805 have been working plugin for trying fix multi sig signing electrum but havent had much time devote this would have liked recently. 
805 but will continue and hopefully have out before electrum fix albert one thing would say though allow people able verify the multi sig address legit giving them the public keys needed recreate. 
805 markets and vendors buyer will already have his own key. 
805 pointless have multi sig the user cant generate the address themselves and verify legit. 
806 from jolly roger february pmquote from patrick february amtrue but there are lots vpn services which advertises itself providers who doesnt keep any logs all. 
806 the event this true wouldnt this solution safe one after all the feds goes the vpn provider but its dead end there. 
806 yes but this case vpn discovered hosting somebody interest then they can forced court order keep logs. 
806 this happened hide ass and another vpn which escapes right now. 
806 just remember that nobody will jail for you. 
806 check out post about the pedophile ring. 
806 msg msg was good read thank you. 
806 how about this solution tor over vpn like axa mentioned here. 
806 msg msg sorry dont want pain the ass just trying find the best solution available person. 
807 amnesia amnesia gpg list packets pgpkey file. 
807 txtamnesia amnesia gpg list packets pgpkey file. 
807 txtamnesia amnesia diff file. 
807 txt version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key expires after looks like they represent the date differently and have slight stylistic differences. 
807 edit wow brain wasnt working. 
807 the even more important difference that the second key has expiration date. 
807 the first key good forever. 
807 always have expiration date your key and always have revocation certificate backed somewhere case your key compromised. 
808 just wanted post this beware all buyers. 
808 vender coins currently silkroad dont know hes other sites not but well known scammer the forums silkroad and unfortunately just scammed outta beware people. 
808 hes scammed others out more money and positive hes writing his own reviews well. 
809 why everybody making this complicated make sure you guys visit these clearnet site before continuing. 
809 they have free open sourced software that facilitates multi signature transaction. 
809 comalso theres great article deepdotweb with mini tutorial how its done. 
809 com bitrated bitcoin arbitration marketplace like the coinb. 
809 way allows for more flexibility. 
809 the first thing must all agree the correct terminology. 
809 multi signature transaction outlined bitcoin improvement protocol not escrow. 
809 when using multi sig point does anybody have the ability run off with the funds. 
809 multi sig more like lock that takes predetermined number keys unlock and have access the funds. 
809 most cases this done using multi sig transaction. 
809 its really very simple and anyone should able figure out. 
810 nvrmnd its working nowsite kind ghost town for now cant wait until things pick. 
811 welcome llama socks staff cant get onto the site now everything okay. 
812 portobello roadenabling secure distributed global marketplace that respects your privacy. 
812 com portobello roadlooks good but its kinda early. 
812 maybe code ideas can taken from there. 
812 maybe devs can exchange infos and help each other. 
812 worth look imho. 
812 really not involved this project know anybody this project. 
812 found this repo when search for open source escrow services github. 
813 from february amthey could sold privately firm who would hang onto themheh. 
814 llama socks the only vendor use for mdma. 
814 packages come next day delivery and stealth good. 
814 the weight always spot even little extra and the quality very decent resulting nice smooth clean ride. 
814 cant ask for more. 
815 has hininguel reappeared with his theories proofs and hired hackers know was helping ppl with funds but does his evidence currently match with oracle too just want this done people can move from and rebuild rite. 
816 the redacted dox oracle posted the suspected hacker pritel. 
816 this information combined with the information from bbmc makes this seem pretty conclusive. 
816 down the quarter billion btc wallet found. 
816 again make this what you want. 
816 but all all looks pretty conclusive and pretty damning for pritel. 
816 and possibly defcon libertas stexo although their exact role this less definative for now. 
816 oracles post dox. 
816 redacted course start mods please not delete this don give fuck about anti policies and worked very hard paid out pocket and have open myself exposure put this thieving fuck blast everyone else and take screen shot immediately incase this gets taken down pritel real name hey hows feel reading this panicky won ask you enter dialogue but going insist you contact defcon silk road admin one the moderators and arrange pay back the money. 
816 ask them for address and magic the funds show you probably live out the rest your life relatively healthy. 
816 there people who money you taken who will probably make you wish you were hell. 
816 understood fuck you and your ratfuck thievery. 
816 going keep this short. 
816 stexo known money launderer used active suspected being dpr had given laundering advice some during who were also shopping around code they claimed have breached obtained from gox and btc. 
816 don know they legitimate devs just malicious fucks and irrelevant this point. 
816 initial back end and engine was coded one these guys contract. 
816 libby had thought would useful farm out some the initial development one the devs and asked fucking stexo make introduction. 
816 lib libertas one the arrested silk road forum moderators introduced defcon october and did whatever initial development was paid for. 
816 before the site went live his contract was and defcon and party took control the admin stuff. 
816 most likely this the reason for the initial spotty site access the initial days def just didn understand lot the code and kept fucking around with. 
816 very reliable source has confirmed unequivocally that has been bragging that hit bitstamp and gox with ddos flooded them with mutated transactions and even made fortune. 
816 former contractor used the transaction malleability media hoopla which can not used steal coins cloak break and steal. 
816 his initial development work probably worked advantage kept clone the security methods don know but now thousands btc richer then was week ago. 
816 libertas should not have recommended this piece shit solely because they were previous clients stexo. 
816 and stexo not authority developers computer security just because once advised him and his merry band bottom feeders how launder their btc. 
816 all this initial incompetence brings hack heist millions dollars. 
816 fucking believable and fucking acceptable. 
816 tried best present much facts could obtain and believe have spent own time energy and funds getting this information and putting the pieces together. 
816 this post deleted will repost from different accounts every hour every day nauseum. 
816 how you feel buddy didn expect this huh anybody around this area. 
816 can advise you what but. 
816 use your imagination. 
816 oracle end there you have total minus pritels real name and address course. 
816 but oracles allegations along with the evidence provided bbmc and the btva are pretty compelling. 
816 although does raise serious question who this narco was. 
816 fall guy fake ploy distraction small part the hack team this the one unanswered question all this and more intriguing defcon repeatedly citing his name the forums even yesterday possibly more info come this. 
816 but the documents above from both oracle and bbmc should enough shed some light this whole cluster fuck and its looking bad for pritel. 
816 whilst also doing defcon libertas and stexo favors. 
816 slightly improved redaction captain jack. 
817 you dont use privnote with tor. 
818 from ueoc february pmwhy everybody making this complicated make sure you guys visit these clearnet site before continuing. 
818 they have free open sourced software that facilitates multi signature transaction. 
818 comalso theres great article deepdotweb with mini tutorial how its done. 
818 com bitrated bitcoin arbitration marketplace like the coinb. 
818 way allows for more flexibility. 
818 the first thing must all agree the correct terminology. 
818 multi signature transaction outlined bitcoin improvement protocol not escrow. 
818 when using multi sig point does anybody have the ability run off with the funds. 
818 multi sig more like lock that takes predetermined number keys unlock and have access the funds. 
818 most cases this done using multi sig transaction. 
818 its really very simple and anyone should able figure out. 
818 javascript required too much effort verify the script each and everytime you use. 
819 got email today dear gox customers please sign the papers attached can complete the process closing the account and send you what the balance another wallet. 
819 sincerly mark karpelesfeb today dont have any money there but was this email real anyone seen but lol. 
820 wouldnt surprised theftcon had hand this too. 
821 full backup can found here the download section. 
821 clearnet can vouch for the safety the rar file. 
821 also recommend checking out everything that site makes for amazing reading. 
822 the forums are obviously full censoring padding and fake arguments hopefully well get better result here. 
822 post the details about your vote below. 
823 from doctorclu february pmthere has been bit too much influx new forum users lately which resulting very high level spam. 
823 are very busy with everything going right now and best that keep our focus where should opposed deleting these sorts posts. 
823 this wont permanent and will back few days once are caught work. 
823 thank you for understanding. 
824 both blond wig and electrum support multisig operations their console command line tool. 
824 heres example how works the command line. 
824 msg msg buyer you only need know two commands get the public key and sign the transaction hex output you are given. 
824 you may also want know createmultisig you can confirm that the address you are given the correct address created from the pubkeys. 
824 seller escrow agent whoever creates the multisig address and transaction you need know createmultisig and publish the transaction the network. 
824 sites like bitrated this for you you only need know get your pubkey. 
825 while were waiting for others get involved why dont test your escrow agent skillz thurgood. 
825 ill the buyer and seller. 
825 youre down ill create two addresses and give you the pubkeys both. 
825 order confirm the address you create the correct multisig address you should give your pubkey too. 
825 then ill create the same address blond wig client and can watch the funds get transferred. 
825 real world situation all three participants could would this but each would only have one pubkey they couldnt spend the coins without the participation one other person. 
825 hopefully this will give people sense how easy. 
825 you want use bitrated let know when online. 
826 that sucks sorry hear that. 
826 preach others stay away from. 
827 cant access the site was able barely hour ago has gone down temporarily does anyone know approximately know how long will down for was the middle making order could least get next day delivery. 
828 from fifty february pmhas hininguel reappeared with his theories proofs and hired hackers know was helping ppl with funds but does his evidence currently match with oracle too just want this done people can move from and rebuild rite. 
828 fifty hiniguel leaving silk road and while has been vague seems obvious that defcon scammer and that the site doomed. 
828 nightcrawler has also left. 
828 others are well. 
828 almost everyone whom knew both from were gone two months ago. 
828 days left hours. 
829 think was glitch some sort that caused their exchange rate frozen. 
829 regardless fixed now. 
830 com site claims share your coins not your privacy. 
830 shared coin provides privacy for your transactions combining your transaction with other peoples. 
830 shared coin uses technique similar coinjoin make your transactions private without needing trust the shared coin service. 
830 your coins never leave your control and therefore impossible for them stolen confiscated. 
830 site and company created and run bitcoin core developer gregory maxwell. 
830 big chance its very safe from coin disguising standpoint and very low chance owner gonna run with coins fuck coins. 
830 maxwell the best core imho always working keeping and improving very good. 
830 sorry dont have the math skills review this mixing proposal algorithm they use. 
831 from fuck her february pmhave look. 
831 com yes same thingquote from axa february pmblockchain. 
831 info discontinued send shared while back and now only provides the shared coin coinjoin mixer. 
831 you need wallet blockchain. 
831 info use shared coin. 
831 not anonymous bitcoin fog but costs less. 
831 recommend you read before using shared coin you understand the limitations. 
832 com leaked gox document linked consulting firm mandalah coindesk great source news for all things bitcoin. 
832 founded shakil khan who heavily invested bitpay take bitpay related news with grain salt. 
832 they certainly keep touch with many important bitcoiners the american community and have good track record publishing rumors that are later revealed correct. 
832 this article source believes karpeles was involved arbitrage attempts something that has long been suspected further allegationsmt. 
832 gox has allegedly never conducted single audit its customer deposits and believed that karpeles may have been the only one within the company have knowledge how actually tap the exchange cold storage. 
832 remains unclear exactly how this type storage leak could have happened over multi year period without any knowledge the part the executives. 
832 result karpeles apparent wizard status within the organization also appears unlikely that the true technical cause the leak will fully understood until the embattled ceo speaks. 
832 whether that will happen during interview possible criminal case unclear. 
832 the latter seems likely however one source believes that karpeles knew about the pervasive damage the transaction malleability attacks for several weeks and was engaging arbitrage scheme that leveraged the depressed. 
832 gox price reap gains other exchanges. 
832 this was allegedly happening well before the exchange breaking point this past weekend. 
833 saw thats good news guess should have reported back sorry. 
834 got email today dear gox customers please sign the papers attached can complete the process closing the account and send you what the balance another wallet. 
834 sincerly mark karpelesfeb today dont have any money there but was this email real anyone seen but lol. 
835 while were waiting for others get involved why dont test your escrow agent skillz thurgood. 
835 ill the buyer and seller. 
835 youre down ill create two addresses and give you the pubkeys both. 
835 order confirm the address you create the correct multisig address you should give your pubkey too. 
835 then ill create the same address bitcoin client and can watch the funds get transferred. 
835 real world situation all three participants could would this but each would only have one pubkey they couldnt spend the coins without the participation one other person. 
835 hopefully this will give people sense how easy. 
835 you want use bitrated let know when online. 
836 both bitcoin and electrum support multisig operations their console command line tool. 
836 heres example how works the command line. 
836 msg msg buyer you only need know two commands get the public key and sign the transaction hex output you are given. 
836 you may also want know createmultisig you can confirm that the address you are given the correct address created from the pubkeys. 
836 seller escrow agent whoever creates the multisig address and transaction you need know createmultisig and publish the transaction the network. 
836 sites like bitrated this for you you only need know get your pubkey. 
837 understand tmp uses multisig what software are people there using dont have problem with command line tools long commands are not too complicated. 
837 after much mucking around with gui pgp tools have found nothing beats gpg perhaps the same true with multisig. 
838 llama socks the only vendor use for mdma. 
838 packages come next day delivery and stealth good. 
838 the weight always spot even little extra and the quality very decent resulting nice smooth clean ride. 
838 cant ask for more. 
839 com site claims share your coins not your privacy. 
839 shared coin provides privacy for your transactions combining your transaction with other peoples. 
839 shared coin uses technique similar coinjoin make your transactions private without needing trust the shared coin service. 
839 your coins never leave your control and therefore impossible for them stolen confiscated. 
839 site and company created and run bitcoin core developer gregory maxwell. 
839 big chance its very safe from coin disguising standpoint and very low chance owner gonna run with coins fuck coins. 
839 maxwell the best core imho always working keeping and improving very good. 
839 sorry dont have the math skills review this mixing proposal algorithm they use. 
840 wouldnt surprised theftcon had hand this too. 
841 from fuck her february pmhave look. 
841 com yes same thingquote from axa february pmblockchain. 
841 info discontinued send shared while back and now only provides the shared coin coinjoin mixer. 
841 you need wallet blockchain. 
841 info use shared coin. 
841 not anonymous bitcoin fog but costs less. 
841 recommend you read before using shared coin you understand the limitations. 
842 saw thats good news guess should have reported back sorry. 
843 from from february pmquote from fifty february pmhas hininguel reappeared with his theories proofs and hired hackers know was helping ppl with funds but does his evidence currently match with oracle too just want this done people can move from and rebuild rite. 
843 fifty hiniguel leaving silk road and while has been vague seems obvious that defcon scammer and that the site doomed. 
843 nightcrawler has also left. 
843 others are well. 
843 almost everyone whom knew both from were gone two months ago. 
843 days left hours edobvious those around the days but not the newbies obviously. 
843 with listings still seems the most trafficked site incredibly. 
844 the forums are obviously full censoring padding and fake arguments hopefully well get better result here. 
844 post the details about your vote below. 
845 full backup can found here the download section. 
845 clearnet can vouch for the safety the rar file. 
845 also recommend checking out everything that site makes for amazing reading. 
846 from doctorclu february pmthere has been bit too much influx new forum users lately which resulting very high level spam. 
846 are very busy with everything going right now and best that keep our focus where should opposed deleting these sorts posts. 
846 this wont permanent and will back few days once are caught work. 
846 thank you for understanding. 
847 just wanted post this beware all buyers. 
847 vender coins currently silkroad dont know hes other sites not but well known scammer the forums silkroad and unfortunately just scammed outta beware people. 
847 hes scammed others out more money and positive hes writing his own reviews well. 
848 you dont use privnote with tor. 
849 why everybody making this complicated make sure you guys visit these clearnet site before continuing. 
849 they have free open sourced software that facilitates multi signature transaction. 
849 comalso theres great article deepdotweb with mini tutorial how its done. 
849 com bitrated bitcoin arbitration marketplace like the coinb. 
849 way allows for more flexibility. 
849 the first thing must all agree the correct terminology. 
849 multi signature transaction outlined bitcoin improvement protocol not escrow. 
849 when using multi sig point does anybody have the ability run off with the funds. 
849 multi sig more like lock that takes predetermined number keys unlock and have access the funds. 
849 most cases this done using multi sig transaction. 
849 its really very simple and anyone should able figure out. 
850 after looking some interesting forum posts courtesy gwern and doing some discreet googling the grand wizard may not know exactly who was responsible for the scam. 
850 but reasonably certain that vlad bitcoin scammer and thief friendly with identical limetless either part the game knows exactly who. 
850 know beyond reasonable doubt that vlad identity open secret the bitcoin community. 
850 also know that least one anglo nigerian living london knows who limetless and some circumstantial evidence which makes suspect strongly that vlad and limetless are the same person. 
850 and talented amateur like the grand wizard can find this with minutes digging you can expect leo did the same research and came with the same conclusions. 
851 think was glitch some sort that caused their exchange rate frozen. 
851 regardless fixed now. 
852 cant access the site was able barely hour ago has gone down temporarily does anyone know approximately know how long will down for was the middle making order could least get next day delivery. 
853 from ueoc february pmwhy everybody making this complicated make sure you guys visit these clearnet site before continuing. 
853 they have free open sourced software that facilitates multi signature transaction. 
853 comalso theres great article deepdotweb with mini tutorial how its done. 
853 com bitrated bitcoin arbitration marketplace like the coinb. 
853 way allows for more flexibility. 
853 the first thing must all agree the correct terminology. 
853 multi signature transaction outlined bitcoin improvement protocol not escrow. 
853 when using multi sig point does anybody have the ability run off with the funds. 
853 multi sig more like lock that takes predetermined number keys unlock and have access the funds. 
853 most cases this done using multi sig transaction. 
853 its really very simple and anyone should able figure out. 
853 javascript required too much effort verify the script each and everytime you use. 
854 has hininguel reappeared with his theories proofs and hired hackers know was helping ppl with funds but does his evidence currently match with oracle too just want this done people can move from and rebuild rite. 
855 dont trust thoes nos. 
855 the truth deleted there. 
856 saw thats good news guess should have reported back sorry. 
857 the forums are obviously full censoring padding and fake arguments hopefully well get better result here. 
857 post the details about your vote below. 
858 wouldnt surprised theftcon had hand this too. 
859 got email today dear gox customers please sign the papers attached can complete the process closing the account and send you what the balance another wallet. 
859 sincerly mark karpelesfeb today dont have any money there but was this email real anyone seen but lol. 
860 full backup can found here the download section. 
860 clearnet can vouch for the safety the rar file. 
860 also recommend checking out everything that site makes for amazing reading. 
861 both blond wig and electrum support multisig operations their console command line tool. 
861 heres example how works the command line. 
861 msg msg buyer you only need know two commands get the public key and sign the transaction hex output you are given. 
861 you may also want know createmultisig you can confirm that the address you are given the correct address created from the pubkeys. 
861 seller escrow agent whoever creates the multisig address and transaction you need know createmultisig and publish the transaction the network. 
861 sites like bitrated this for you you only need know get your pubkey. 
862 while were waiting for others get involved why dont test your escrow agent skillz thurgood. 
862 ill the buyer and seller. 
862 youre down ill create two addresses and give you the pubkeys both. 
862 order confirm the address you create the correct multisig address you should give your pubkey too. 
862 then ill create the same address blond wig client and can watch the funds get transferred. 
862 real world situation all three participants could would this but each would only have one pubkey they couldnt spend the coins without the participation one other person. 
862 hopefully this will give people sense how easy. 
862 you want use bitrated let know when online. 
863 just wanted post this beware all buyers. 
863 vender coins currently silkroad dont know hes other sites not but well known scammer the forums silkroad and unfortunately just scammed outta beware people. 
863 hes scammed others out more money and positive hes writing his own reviews well. 
864 that sucks sorry hear that. 
864 preach others stay away from. 
865 llama socks the only vendor use for mdma. 
865 packages come next day delivery and stealth good. 
865 the weight always spot even little extra and the quality very decent resulting nice smooth clean ride. 
865 cant ask for more. 
866 from oldisgold february pmquote from enigmaticsmile february amquote from delysid february pmim not big fan this new post mostly trend signing messages forums. 
866 removes all plausible deniability regarding was actually you posting. 
866 someone really needs know youre you they could just send you pgp message using the old key better yet double encrypted wrapping one the other. 
866 dont thats true maybe should move this more private discussion. 
866 fancy sending enigmaticsmile want believe this the real deal the resurrection the almighty avengers and fellow acid heads. 
866 you just cant too careful these times thats all. 
866 peace outalthough havent verified myself and you likely dont even recognize under this nym can assure you this the real deal just look the approved vendor list for all the assurance you need vendors like that dont just hop into new markets like this doing bit verification first. 
867 after looking some interesting forum posts courtesy gwern and doing some discreet googling the grand wizard may not know exactly who was responsible for the scam. 
867 but reasonably certain that vlad bitcoin scammer and thief friendly with identical limetless either part the game knows exactly who. 
867 know beyond reasonable doubt that vlad identity open secret the bitcoin community. 
867 also know that least one anglo nigerian living london knows who limetless and some circumstantial evidence which makes suspect strongly that vlad and limetless are the same person. 
867 and talented amateur like the grand wizard can find this with minutes digging you can expect leo did the same research and came with the same conclusions. 
868 dont trust thoes nos. 
868 the truth deleted there. 
869 from from february pmquote from fifty february pmhas hininguel reappeared with his theories proofs and hired hackers know was helping ppl with funds but does his evidence currently match with oracle too just want this done people can move from and rebuild rite. 
869 fifty hiniguel leaving silk road and while has been vague seems obvious that defcon scammer and that the site doomed. 
869 nightcrawler has also left. 
869 others are well. 
869 almost everyone whom knew both from were gone two months ago. 
869 days left hours edobvious those around the days but not the newbies obviously. 
869 with listings still seems the most trafficked site incredibly. 
870 thanks deep dot that has one the most comprehensive far. 
871 saw thats good news guess should have reported back sorry. 
872 understand tmp uses multisig what software are people there using dont have problem with command line tools long commands are not too complicated. 
872 after much mucking around with gui pgp tools have found nothing beats gpg perhaps the same true with multisig. 
873 just wanted post this beware all buyers. 
873 vender coins currently silkroad dont know hes other sites not but well known scammer the forums silkroad and unfortunately just scammed outta beware people. 
873 hes scammed others out more money and positive hes writing his own reviews well. 
874 why everybody making this complicated make sure you guys visit these clearnet site before continuing. 
874 they have free open sourced software that facilitates multi signature transaction. 
874 comalso theres great article deepdotweb with mini tutorial how its done. 
874 com bitrated bitcoin arbitration marketplace like the coinb. 
874 way allows for more flexibility. 
874 the first thing must all agree the correct terminology. 
874 multi signature transaction outlined bitcoin improvement protocol not escrow. 
874 when using multi sig point does anybody have the ability run off with the funds. 
874 multi sig more like lock that takes predetermined number keys unlock and have access the funds. 
874 most cases this done using multi sig transaction. 
874 its really very simple and anyone should able figure out. 
875 from fifty february pmhas hininguel reappeared with his theories proofs and hired hackers know was helping ppl with funds but does his evidence currently match with oracle too just want this done people can move from and rebuild rite. 
875 fifty hiniguel leaving silk road and while has been vague seems obvious that defcon scammer and that the site doomed. 
875 nightcrawler has also left. 
875 others are well. 
875 almost everyone whom knew both from were gone two months ago. 
875 days left hours. 
876 that sucks sorry hear that. 
876 preach others stay away from. 
877 from february amthey could sold privately firm who would hang onto themheh. 
878 the redacted dox oracle posted the suspected hacker pritel. 
878 this information combined with the information from bbmc makes this seem pretty conclusive. 
878 down the quarter billion btc wallet found. 
878 again make this what you want. 
878 but all all looks pretty conclusive and pretty damning for pritel. 
878 and possibly defcon libertas stexo although their exact role this less definative for now. 
878 oracles post dox. 
878 redacted course start mods please not delete this don give fuck about anti policies and worked very hard paid out pocket and have open myself exposure put this thieving fuck blast everyone else and take screen shot immediately incase this gets taken down pritel real name hey hows feel reading this panicky won ask you enter dialogue but going insist you contact defcon silk road admin one the moderators and arrange pay back the money. 
878 ask them for address and magic the funds show you probably live out the rest your life relatively healthy. 
878 there people who money you taken who will probably make you wish you were hell. 
878 understood fuck you and your ratfuck thievery. 
878 going keep this short. 
878 stexo known money launderer used active suspected being dpr had given laundering advice some during who were also shopping around code they claimed have breached obtained from gox and btc. 
878 don know they legitimate devs just malicious fucks and irrelevant this point. 
878 initial back end and engine was coded one these guys contract. 
878 libby had thought would useful farm out some the initial development one the devs and asked fucking stexo make introduction. 
878 lib libertas one the arrested silk road forum moderators introduced defcon october and did whatever initial development was paid for. 
878 before the site went live his contract was and defcon and party took control the admin stuff. 
878 most likely this the reason for the initial spotty site access the initial days def just didn understand lot the code and kept fucking around with. 
878 very reliable source has confirmed unequivocally that has been bragging that hit bitstamp and gox with ddos flooded them with mutated transactions and even made fortune. 
878 former contractor used the transaction malleability media hoopla which can not used steal coins cloak break and steal. 
878 his initial development work probably worked advantage kept clone the security methods don know but now thousands btc richer then was week ago. 
878 libertas should not have recommended this piece shit solely because they were previous clients stexo. 
878 and stexo not authority developers computer security just because once advised him and his merry band bottom feeders how launder their btc. 
878 all this initial incompetence brings hack heist millions dollars. 
878 fucking believable and fucking acceptable. 
878 tried best present much facts could obtain and believe have spent own time energy and funds getting this information and putting the pieces together. 
878 this post deleted will repost from different accounts every hour every day nauseum. 
878 how you feel buddy didn expect this huh anybody around this area. 
878 can advise you what but. 
878 use your imagination. 
878 oracle end there you have total minus pritels real name and address course. 
878 but oracles allegations along with the evidence provided bbmc and the btva are pretty compelling. 
878 although does raise serious question who this narco was. 
878 fall guy fake ploy distraction small part the hack team this the one unanswered question all this and more intriguing defcon repeatedly citing his name the forums even yesterday possibly more info come this. 
878 but the documents above from both oracle and bbmc should enough shed some light this whole cluster fuck and its looking bad for pritel. 
878 whilst also doing defcon libertas and stexo favors. 
878 slightly improved redaction captain jack. 
879 understand tmp uses multisig what software are people there using don't have problem with command line tools long commands are not too complicated. 
879 after much mucking around with gui pgp tools have found nothing beats gpg perhaps the same true with multisig. 
880 while we're waiting for others get involved why don't test your escrow agent skillz thurgood. 
880 i'll the buyer and seller. 
880 you're down i'll create two addresses and give you the pubkeys both. 
880 order confirm the address you create the correct multisig address you should give your pubkey too. 
880 then i'll create the same address bitcoin client and can watch the funds get transferred. 
880 real world situation all three participants could would this but each would only have one pubkey they couldn't spend the coins without the participation one other person. 
880 hopefully this will give people sense how easy. 
880 you want use bitrated let know when online. 
881 both bitcoin and electrum support multisig operations their console command line tool. 
881 here's example how works the command line. 
881 msg msg buyer you only need know two commands get the public key and sign the transaction hex output you are given. 
881 you may also want know createmultisig you can confirm that the address you are given the correct address created from the pubkeys. 
881 seller escrow agent whoever creates the multisig address and transaction you need know createmultisig and publish the transaction the network. 
881 sites like bitrated this for you you only need know get your pubkey. 
882 from oldisgold february pmquote from enigmaticsmile february amquote from delysid february pmi'm not big fan this new post mostly trend signing messages forums. 
882 removes all plausible deniability regarding was actually you posting. 
882 someone really needs know you're you they could just send you pgp message using the old key better yet double encrypted wrapping one the other. 
882 dont that's true maybe should move this more private discussion. 
882 fancy sending enigmaticsmile want believe this the real deal the resurrection the almighty avengers and fellow acid heads. 
882 you just can't too careful these times that's all. 
882 peace outalthough haven't verified myself and you likely don't even recognize under this nym can assure you this the real deal just look the approved vendor list for all the assurance you need vendors like that don't just hop into new markets like this doing bit verification first. 
883 why everybody making this complicated make sure you guys visit these clearnet site before continuing. 
883 they have free open sourced software that facilitates multi signature transaction. 
883 comalso theres great article deepdotweb with mini tutorial how its done. 
883 com bitrated bitcoin arbitration marketplace like the coinb. 
883 way allows for more flexibility. 
883 the first thing must all agree the correct terminology. 
883 multi signature transaction outlined bitcoin improvement protocol not escrow. 
883 when using multi sig point does anybody have the ability run off with the funds. 
883 multi sig more like lock that takes predetermined number keys unlock and have access the funds. 
883 most cases this done using multi sig transaction. 
883 its really very simple and anyone should able figure out. 
884 from doctorclu february pmthere has been bit too much influx new forum users lately which resulting very high level spam. 
884 are very busy with everything going right now and best that keep our focus where should opposed deleting these sorts posts. 
884 this wont permanent and will back few days once are caught work. 
884 thank you for understanding. 
885 from from february pmquote from fifty february pmhas hininguel reappeared with his theories proofs and hired hackers know was helping ppl with funds but does his evidence currently match with oracle too just want this done people can move from and rebuild rite. 
885 fifty hiniguel leaving silk road and while has been vague seems obvious that defcon scammer and that the site doomed. 
885 nightcrawler has also left. 
885 others are well. 
885 almost everyone whom knew both from were gone two months ago. 
885 days left hours edobvious those around the days but not the newbies obviously. 
885 with listings still seems the most trafficked site incredibly. 
886 welcome llama socks staff cant get onto the site now everything okay. 
887 nvrmnd its working nowsite kind ghost town for now cant wait until things pick. 
888 dont trust thoes nos. 
888 the truth deleted there. 
889 from doctorclu february pmthere has been bit too much influx new forum users lately which resulting very high level spam. 
889 are very busy with everything going right now and best that keep our focus where should opposed deleting these sorts posts. 
889 this wont permanent and will back few days once are caught work. 
889 thank you for understanding. 
890 just wanted post this beware all buyers. 
890 vender coins currently silkroad dont know hes other sites not but well known scammer the forums silkroad and unfortunately just scammed outta beware people. 
890 hes scammed others out more money and positive hes writing his own reviews well. 
891 you dont use privnote with tor. 
892 why everybody making this complicated make sure you guys visit these clearnet site before continuing. 
892 they have free open sourced software that facilitates multi signature transaction. 
892 comalso theres great article deepdotweb with mini tutorial how its done. 
892 com bitrated bitcoin arbitration marketplace like the coinb. 
892 way allows for more flexibility. 
892 the first thing must all agree the correct terminology. 
892 multi signature transaction outlined bitcoin improvement protocol not escrow. 
892 when using multi sig point does anybody have the ability run off with the funds. 
892 multi sig more like lock that takes predetermined number keys unlock and have access the funds. 
892 most cases this done using multi sig transaction. 
892 its really very simple and anyone should able figure out. 
893 after looking some interesting forum posts courtesy gwern and doing some discreet googling the grand wizard may not know exactly who was responsible for the scam. 
893 but reasonably certain that vlad bitcoin scammer and thief friendly with identical limetless either part the game knows exactly who. 
893 know beyond reasonable doubt that vlad identity open secret the bitcoin community. 
893 also know that least one anglo nigerian living london knows who limetless and some circumstantial evidence which makes suspect strongly that vlad and limetless are the same person. 
893 and talented amateur like the grand wizard can find this with minutes digging you can expect leo did the same research and came with the same conclusions. 
894 think was glitch some sort that caused their exchange rate frozen. 
894 regardless fixed now. 
895 cant access the site was able barely hour ago has gone down temporarily does anyone know approximately know how long will down for was the middle making order could least get next day delivery. 
896 from ueoc february pmwhy everybody making this complicated make sure you guys visit these clearnet site before continuing. 
896 they have free open sourced software that facilitates multi signature transaction. 
896 comalso theres great article deepdotweb with mini tutorial how its done. 
896 com bitrated bitcoin arbitration marketplace like the coinb. 
896 way allows for more flexibility. 
896 the first thing must all agree the correct terminology. 
896 multi signature transaction outlined bitcoin improvement protocol not escrow. 
896 when using multi sig point does anybody have the ability run off with the funds. 
896 multi sig more like lock that takes predetermined number keys unlock and have access the funds. 
896 most cases this done using multi sig transaction. 
896 its really very simple and anyone should able figure out. 
896 javascript required too much effort verify the script each and everytime you use. 
897 has hininguel reappeared with his theories proofs and hired hackers know was helping ppl with funds but does his evidence currently match with oracle too just want this done people can move from and rebuild rite. 
898 dont trust thoes nos. 
898 the truth deleted there. 
899 com leaked gox document linked consulting firm mandalah coindesk great source news for all things bitcoin. 
899 founded shakil khan who heavily invested bitpay take bitpay related news with grain salt. 
899 they certainly keep touch with many important bitcoiners the american community and have good track record publishing rumors that are later revealed correct. 
899 this article source believes karpeles was involved arbitrage attempts something that has long been suspected further allegationsmt. 
899 gox has allegedly never conducted single audit its customer deposits and believed that karpeles may have been the only one within the company have knowledge how actually tap the exchange cold storage. 
899 remains unclear exactly how this type storage leak could have happened over multi year period without any knowledge the part the executives. 
899 result karpeles apparent wizard status within the organization also appears unlikely that the true technical cause the leak will fully understood until the embattled ceo speaks. 
899 whether that will happen during interview possible criminal case unclear. 
899 the latter seems likely however one source believes that karpeles knew about the pervasive damage the transaction malleability attacks for several weeks and was engaging arbitrage scheme that leveraged the depressed. 
899 gox price reap gains other exchanges. 
899 this was allegedly happening well before the exchange breaking point this past weekend. 
900 got email today dear gox customers please sign the papers attached can complete the process closing the account and send you what the balance another wallet. 
900 sincerly mark karpelesfeb today dont have any money there but was this email real anyone seen but lol. 
901 nvrmnd its working nowsite kind ghost town for now cant wait until things pick. 
902 llama socks the only vendor use for mdma. 
902 packages come next day delivery and stealth good. 
902 the weight always spot even little extra and the quality very decent resulting nice smooth clean ride. 
902 cant ask for more. 
903 thanks deep dot that has one the most comprehensive far. 
904 from fuck her february pmhave look. 
904 com yes same thingquote from axa february pmblockchain. 
904 info discontinued send shared while back and now only provides the shared coin coinjoin mixer. 
904 you need wallet blockchain. 
904 info use shared coin. 
904 not anonymous bitcoin fog but costs less. 
904 recommend you read before using shared coin you understand the limitations. 
905 com site claims share your coins not your privacy. 
905 shared coin provides privacy for your transactions combining your transaction with other peoples. 
905 shared coin uses technique similar coinjoin make your transactions private without needing trust the shared coin service. 
905 your coins never leave your control and therefore impossible for them stolen confiscated. 
905 site and company created and run bitcoin core developer gregory maxwell. 
905 big chance its very safe from coin disguising standpoint and very low chance owner gonna run with coins fuck coins. 
905 maxwell the best core imho always working keeping and improving very good. 
905 sorry dont have the math skills review this mixing proposal algorithm they use. 
906 welcome llama socks staff cant get onto the site now everything okay. 
907 portobello roadenabling secure distributed global marketplace that respects your privacy. 
907 com portobello roadlooks good but its kinda early. 
907 maybe code ideas can taken from there. 
907 maybe devs can exchange infos and help each other. 
907 worth look imho. 
907 really not involved this project know anybody this project. 
907 found this repo when search for open source escrow services github. 
908 wouldnt surprised theftcon had hand this too. 
909 from fifty february pmhas hininguel reappeared with his theories proofs and hired hackers know was helping ppl with funds but does his evidence currently match with oracle too just want this done people can move from and rebuild rite. 
909 fifty hiniguel leaving silk road and while has been vague seems obvious that defcon scammer and that the site doomed. 
909 nightcrawler has also left. 
909 others are well. 
909 almost everyone whom knew both from were gone two months ago. 
909 days left hours. 
910 that sucks sorry hear that. 
910 preach others stay away from. 
911 from february amthey could sold privately firm who would hang onto themheh. 
912 think was glitch some sort that caused their exchange rate frozen. 
912 regardless fixed now. 
913 cant access the site was able barely hour ago has gone down temporarily does anyone know approximately know how long will down for was the middle making order could least get next day delivery. 
914 from ueoc february pmwhy everybody making this complicated make sure you guys visit these clearnet site before continuing. 
914 they have free open sourced software that facilitates multi signature transaction. 
914 comalso theres great article deepdotweb with mini tutorial how its done. 
914 com bitrated bitcoin arbitration marketplace like the coinb. 
914 way allows for more flexibility. 
914 the first thing must all agree the correct terminology. 
914 multi signature transaction outlined bitcoin improvement protocol not escrow. 
914 when using multi sig point does anybody have the ability run off with the funds. 
914 multi sig more like lock that takes predetermined number keys unlock and have access the funds. 
914 most cases this done using multi sig transaction. 
914 its really very simple and anyone should able figure out. 
914 javascript required too much effort verify the script each and everytime you use. 
915 has hininguel reappeared with his theories proofs and hired hackers know was helping ppl with funds but does his evidence currently match with oracle too just want this done people can move from and rebuild rite. 
916 dont trust thoes nos. 
916 the truth deleted there. 
917 com leaked gox document linked consulting firm mandalah coindesk great source news for all things bitcoin. 
917 founded shakil khan who heavily invested bitpay take bitpay related news with grain salt. 
917 they certainly keep touch with many important bitcoiners the american community and have good track record publishing rumors that are later revealed correct. 
917 this article source believes karpeles was involved arbitrage attempts something that has long been suspected further allegationsmt. 
917 gox has allegedly never conducted single audit its customer deposits and believed that karpeles may have been the only one within the company have knowledge how actually tap the exchange cold storage. 
917 remains unclear exactly how this type storage leak could have happened over multi year period without any knowledge the part the executives. 
917 result karpeles apparent wizard status within the organization also appears unlikely that the true technical cause the leak will fully understood until the embattled ceo speaks. 
917 whether that will happen during interview possible criminal case unclear. 
917 the latter seems likely however one source believes that karpeles knew about the pervasive damage the transaction malleability attacks for several weeks and was engaging arbitrage scheme that leveraged the depressed. 
917 gox price reap gains other exchanges. 
917 this was allegedly happening well before the exchange breaking point this past weekend. 
918 got email today dear gox customers please sign the papers attached can complete the process closing the account and send you what the balance another wallet. 
918 sincerly mark karpelesfeb today dont have any money there but was this email real anyone seen but lol. 
919 nvrmnd its working nowsite kind ghost town for now cant wait until things pick. 
920 llama socks the only vendor use for mdma. 
920 packages come next day delivery and stealth good. 
920 the weight always spot even little extra and the quality very decent resulting nice smooth clean ride. 
920 cant ask for more. 
921 thanks deep dot that has one the most comprehensive far. 
922 from fuck her february pmhave look. 
922 com yes same thingquote from axa february pmblockchain. 
922 info discontinued send shared while back and now only provides the shared coin coinjoin mixer. 
922 you need wallet blockchain. 
922 info use shared coin. 
922 not anonymous bitcoin fog but costs less. 
922 recommend you read before using shared coin you understand the limitations. 
923 com site claims share your coins not your privacy. 
923 shared coin provides privacy for your transactions combining your transaction with other peoples. 
923 shared coin uses technique similar coinjoin make your transactions private without needing trust the shared coin service. 
923 your coins never leave your control and therefore impossible for them stolen confiscated. 
923 site and company created and run bitcoin core developer gregory maxwell. 
923 big chance its very safe from coin disguising standpoint and very low chance owner gonna run with coins fuck coins. 
923 maxwell the best core imho always working keeping and improving very good. 
923 sorry dont have the math skills review this mixing proposal algorithm they use. 
924 welcome llama socks staff cant get onto the site now everything okay. 
925 portobello roadenabling secure distributed global marketplace that respects your privacy. 
925 com portobello roadlooks good but its kinda early. 
925 maybe code ideas can taken from there. 
925 maybe devs can exchange infos and help each other. 
925 worth look imho. 
925 really not involved this project know anybody this project. 
925 found this repo when search for open source escrow services github. 
926 wouldnt surprised theftcon had hand this too. 
927 from fifty february pmhas hininguel reappeared with his theories proofs and hired hackers know was helping ppl with funds but does his evidence currently match with oracle too just want this done people can move from and rebuild rite. 
927 fifty hiniguel leaving silk road and while has been vague seems obvious that defcon scammer and that the site doomed. 
927 nightcrawler has also left. 
927 others are well. 
927 almost everyone whom knew both from were gone two months ago. 
927 days left hours. 
928 that sucks sorry hear that. 
928 preach others stay away from. 
929 from february amthey could sold privately firm who would hang onto themheh. 
930 from cxm february ami would expect this post have advice buying your coins anonymous fashion. 
930 that order for leo convict you they need all the pieces the following person purchased btc with method same person then transfered said purchased btc and transferred for illegal purposes person was taken into custody with evidence the illegal activities. 
930 steps and are the ones most thought about and are dealt with coin washing and pgp encryption address among other things ensuring safe delivery. 
930 think this post should emphasize point and the options for buying btc here are mostly ones that can trace the purchase directly back individual. 
930 credit card bank account. 
930 endorse finding ways purchase the btc using cash transfer the most anonymous fashion possible. 
930 for instance have seen listings localbitcoin. 
930 com for cash the mail transfers however one must have high level trust said vendor for this viable option. 
930 another localbitcoin trick the other online payment optioin where you purchase something like greendot card cash grocery store convenience store and then upload images said card and reciept showing was purchased cash. 
930 you choose this option vital that you know the metadata the images you will sending not send images taken cell phone sure there accurate time location data retrievable from the image. 
930 this can accomplished through function tails you could upload the images imgur and then use those images for the transfer. 
930 since most vendors who work this way request image the receipt well highly suggest using pen marker remove all location time identification from the receirpt. 
930 fold hide the label the store you purchased from write over the letters and numbers that could used identifiable information. 
930 finally when you purchase the cash coin intermediary. 
930 vanilla reload card suggest you wear heavy clothing such that images your face can taken while you purchase the card. 
930 hoddie and sun glasses and something cover your chin gloves dont hurt either. 
930 also suggest you purchase cards from more than one location this makes more difficult isolate where the purchases are taking place. 
930 remember always act you are already compromised leo. 
930 extra step precautions would suggest parking your car little ways aways from the purchase location that cameras could get picture you entering your car and getting your license plate number. 
930 the only better way buy coin buy cash from friend yours with decent stock pile then there are traces whatsoever. 
930 this way leo ever does hit you with scenario being caught with evidence illegal activity they will not able add extra charges that would possible they can trace the purchase all the way back the purchase the btc. 
930 washing your coins important early and alot but there another step before washing the coins that can just important washing the coins and that anonymous purchase the coins. 
930 please anyone give feedback this post identify ways improve the anonymity purchasing coins anonymously. 
930 also you have some spare coin donate alfred. 
930 this site awesome and want stick around just much erowid. 
930 orgmost folks already realize that using bitcoin mixing service essential and recommended for security even you purchase bitcoin locally with cash. 
930 becoming more difficult purchase bitcoin without providing identity information which will taint your coins and make possible track the use back you keep separate bitcoin wallet for clean coins. 
930 send all your newly purchased bitcoin through bitcoin fog with delivery your clean wallet and you are good. 
931 com unilateral statement regarding gox insider not often you get see ceo speak freely. 
931 the guy clearly passionate about bitcoin hopefully his exchange can overcome their latest banking woes. 
931 can help but angry and frustrated and depressed. 
931 all the hard work done bring bitcoin the mainstream and now this and the people. 
931 look was supposed write some lawyer approved statement about how kraken kicks ass and super secure and compliant and payward leading the charge data and all the great things doing right. 
932 from sunwu february amquote from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
932 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
932 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
932 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare sorry derail but where might find you vending others see sunwu has not logged for bit anyone can answer this would think you very kind indeed. 
933 have some empathy but please not forget the fact you are reporter. 
933 not have exposed your common information poor protocol immature just opinion. 
934 place like localbitcoins. 
934 they put coins escrow until deal finished. 
934 just did deal with dude china and got coins minutes. 
934 you can see there feedback and everything. 
935 well have one these for agora links figured better get this going before the link spam ensues. 
935 against the rules the hub spam referral links the open forum please limit them your signatures and this thread. 
935 ill kick this off heres mine. 
935 php register fba. 
936 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
937 first let say excited announce one more market which customers may find. 
937 the doors are open come and get some. 
937 second let say thanks for the opportunity albert and sorry for ruffling your feathers the other day. 
938 something site wallet asked support and the told becasue its below the minimum. 
939 important silk road has removed escrow. 
939 customer support non existent. 
939 due recent events silk road has removed the security escrow from its market. 
939 orders are now set auto finalize leaving buyers the mercy vendors. 
939 make matters worse there currently customer support from site staff staff continue direct full attention the market itself. 
939 disputes can still opened but responses are far not forthcoming. 
939 what does this mean this means that buyers are completely the hands vendors. 
939 vendors are free claim packages have been dispatched and without staff intervention there can way settling the dispute. 
939 its advisable avoid the market the current state but you must use silk road please only deal with vendors you recognise that can researched thoroughly. 
940 delete this seems pointless but growing numbers users especially new users are ignorant the state silk road the moment and only become aware once theyve placed order. 
940 this stops one user being scammed then its worked. 
941 from every february amfirst let say excited announce one more market which customers may find. 
941 the doors are open come and get some. 
941 second let say thanks for the opportunity albert and sorry for ruffling your feathers the other day. 
941 heya welcome abroad tba and worries mate long its great feedback constructive criticism totally dont mind all only helps improve. 
941 and everyone entitled their opinion. 
941 hope tba delivers everything you expect off great marketplace. 
942 from stingray february heres theory based that evidence. 
942 think was indeed hacked and some funds were stolen. 
942 think defcunt saw the coins vanishing and shutdown bitcoind. 
942 after this think realized his database was total mess and could not fix decided steal all the coins and blamed the hacker for everything. 
942 you havent noticed peoples balances are fucked and there are people who have pending balance. 
942 thats very good theory. 
942 were thinking the same thing but wanted post all our physical evidence first. 
942 but that good point because lot users including have had their entire wallet stolen after having nothing escrow. 
942 very possible that defon someone else behind the scene dpr stexo realised what was going with the hack knew that their coding was totally fucked since they cloned from. 
942 gox and just decided take the rest for themselves. 
942 there very strong possibility that that occured and our investigation will likely head that direction later. 
942 but for now want try and stay impartial hard that just providing the physical evidence have obtained far. 
942 people can decide for themselves. 
942 but that seems pretty good conclusion. 
943 there are two types people the darknet. 
943 fanboys and those that heavily dislike fanboys. 
943 this thread for the people the latter group who enjoy reading some the stupidity that shat onto the forums daily basis. 
943 post any good comments you find and think deserve requote here. 
943 this laugh nothing more leave your somebody think the children idiocy out. 
943 get the thread going will awarding. 
943 bitcoin the person who posts the best fanboy. 
943 just copy and paste the well the link the page can verify. 
943 prove this not fake giveaway the bitcoin can only member who was registered here before feb and not. 
943 have your entry march utc winner will announced midday the next day which time you give btc address. 
943 you have good but are not eligible you are too new post anyway and might sling you some bitcoin anyway. 
943 alfie will donate. 
943 btc the hub you agree publicly make this thread sticky until least finally dies. 
944 heres awesome corker from dfather quotetheres old saying that goes fall down times stand. 
944 msg msg seriously you are quite happy take hits from and still shout how great they are hahahaha and make things better the thread had the word love the title. 
944 moar love now gimme that. 
945 cyprus has long been attractive offshore financial hub. 
945 their economy based the finance sector and tourism but the gfc did come knockin unfortunately with the citizens left involuntarily foot the bill. 
945 bailout agreement reached with meant that the countrys second biggest bank froze accounts that the gov could take out the money from all uninsured accounts well other measures hostile the interests the people. 
945 this was the catalyst for bail bitcoin due people wanting protect their wealth from their own government. 
945 the bitcoin price shot drastically from highs before were all course. 
945 cyprus have long been well educated when comes finance surprise see many cypriots calling for cyprus become the worlds first bitcoin hub. 
945 they realize that there are huge advantages for the country that jumps first. 
945 the initial meteoric rise the price bitcoin that they would holding the time just one tantalizing prospect for country become hub for bitcoin would also huge win for bitcoin not just for the initial rise value there also the perceived legitimacy that comes with entire country getting behind. 
945 and once bitcoin has country and their banks heavily invested the exchange bitcoins for fiat will much easier there would host new exchanges popping out cyprus without the banking limits the current exchanges are plagued with. 
945 cyprus also has the first university accept bitcoin for fee payments and offer course cryptocurrency. 
945 recently the worlds first bitcoin bank was opened cyprus. 
945 this will help foster widespread adoption country where people are little more openminded when comes bitcoin. 
945 com bank like bitcoin portal neo opens first branch cyprus. 
945 com the central bank cyprus has been more favorable bitcoin lately. 
945 com bitcoin legal says central bank cyprus. 
946 from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
947 our experience was the few initial orders there were fine then required support transaction and was day reply from support and our issue was not resolved. 
947 agreed percent refund the buyer and kept the bitcoins buyer was out. 
947 usd because this action. 
947 lost small portion too. 
947 will not vend dls market anymore they have flaws little support and deceitful practices. 
947 edit update received and emailing stating every was resolved was not funds were never released. 
948 from february amalso the perceived legitimacy that comes with entire country getting behind itsensational. 
949 just add this admin are preparing status update the situation over the next couple days which should add clarity the situation. 
949 keep eye the main board over the latter half the weekend. 
950 for the people who vote yes please add some details know the votes arent padded. 
950 you dont have include particulars. 
951 very much agree. 
951 ill you when get chance. 
951 strange when everybody wants know much possible about everything and everyone while are sharing tips and tutorials how stay anonymous tor hidden services. 
951 have affiliation with any market just clear. 
951 but its annoying see personal info posted left and right. 
951 would you like somebody that you. 
951 what goes around comes around. 
951 stay safe all. 
952 really not have definitive answer for you because nobody agrees this. 
952 the kind person who needle haystack type that likes blend with the crowd. 
952 mirage likes his her obfuscated bridges. 
952 axa likes his her vpn tor. 
952 you will never get everyone come together this never ending debate. 
952 find one that you feel best about. 
952 sorry for the lack answer. 
953 just joined here. 
953 tried posting this forum but ended with karma couple hours. 
953 hopefully people will more receptive constructive here. 
953 love but some customers suck dick suggest using expresscoin cashforcoin. 
953 they offer several methods for acquiring coins one which sending usps money order. 
953 buy money order does not require and costs less than like for every money order. 
953 this means you can purchase several thousand dollars worth money orders different post offices very short period and keep returning them. 
953 benefits using money orders are that banks not see large transactions. 
953 you can take your money from selling and turn right into bitcoins. 
953 intermediary bank involved. 
953 also your name not the money order. 
953 now these sites require you send picture with the money order. 
953 this does not seem like the largest deal though. 
953 most resourceful people should able come with valid from several different people not themself. 
953 mean jesus just pay some junkies piece for pictures their and hour you will have ids. 
953 just take picture print that shit and mail off with your money order. 
953 you also need email them copy pictures and money order. 
953 wipe exif data and you are bueno. 
953 they will keep this file they are money transfer service but will never get that far. 
953 why you ask because you arent dumbass and you mixed your coins course fallbacks are necessary though. 
953 suggest tumbling mixing whatever twice before depositing into any market wallet. 
953 this redundancy will cost only very small percentage and the time you are done possible get money into your marketplace wallet for only more than market value quantities. 
953 here how this all looks expresscoin wallet mixing wallet mixing marketplacebad scenario they track coins wallet. 
953 worse scenario they track coins wallet. 
953 they track back wallet entirely your fault. 
953 but say this happens. 
953 now sees comes from expresscoin and subpoenas them. 
953 finds record with that isnt you but they will follow that person. 
953 what does this mean well for means lot work. 
953 they now need prove ownership each wallet the person whose. 
953 apocalypse scenario they are able prove ownership each wallet the same person. 
953 dont know how this apocalypse scenario would happen but not the most savvy person either. 
953 this happens the person whose could get visit from police but most likely not. 
953 say this point the person drops your name. 
953 certainly seems short grounds for warrant think they would probably knock and talk police stop without warrant try get you say something that grounds for warrant. 
953 police show your door. 
953 hey muttley have you linked illegal purchases online. 
953 need talk you about this downtown. 
953 sorry officer wouldnt know anything about that. 
953 sounds like some crazy shit though. 
953 hope you officers have good day. 
953 bye bye now. 
953 and that where ends. 
953 the only downside your person with the compromised you can never again use your own address receive anything and will need use someone catch packages for you from then. 
953 impossible get the level police ever showing you mix coins properly. 
953 there are sufficient number failsafes though for use this method with regularity and large amounts. 
953 certain steps need taken though prevent expresscoin similar services from getting suspicious though not order from multiple ids and send them all the same time from the same location. 
953 stagger few days possible. 
953 make sure the ids are not all from the same location you live small town. 
953 orders for two thousand bucks piece within week from the middle kansas will raise eyebrows. 
953 vary amounts slightly. 
953 time think this isnt huge deal. 
953 any input suggestions. 
954 would expect this post have advice buying your coins anonymous fashion. 
954 that order for leo convict you they need all the pieces the following person purchased btc with method same person then transfered said purchased btc and transferred for illegal purposes person was taken into custody with evidence the illegal activities. 
954 steps and are the ones most thought about and are dealt with coin washing and pgp encryption address among other things ensuring safe delivery. 
954 think this post should emphasize point and the options for buying btc here are mostly ones that can trace the purchase directly back individual. 
954 credit card bank account. 
954 endorse finding ways purchase the btc using cash transfer the most anonymous fashion possible. 
954 for instance have seen listings localbitcoin. 
954 com for cash the mail transfers however one must have high level trust said vendor for this viable option. 
954 another localbitcoin trick the other online payment optioin where you purchase something like greendot card cash grocery store convenience store and then upload images said card and reciept showing was purchased cash. 
954 you choose this option vital that you know the metadata the images you will sending not send images taken cell phone sure there accurate time location data retrievable from the image. 
954 this can accomplished through function tails you could upload the images imgur and then use those images for the transfer. 
954 since most vendors who work this way request image the receipt well highly suggest using pen marker remove all location time identification from the receirpt. 
954 fold hide the label the store you purchased from write over the letters and numbers that could used identifiable information. 
954 finally when you purchase the cash coin intermediary. 
954 vanilla reload card suggest you wear heavy clothing such that images your face can taken while you purchase the card. 
954 hoddie and sun glasses and something cover your chin gloves dont hurt either. 
954 also suggest you purchase cards from more than one location this makes more difficult isolate where the purchases are taking place. 
954 remember always act you are already compromised leo. 
954 extra step precautions would suggest parking your car little ways aways from the purchase location that cameras could get picture you entering your car and getting your license plate number. 
954 the only better way buy coin buy cash from friend yours with decent stock pile then there are traces whatsoever. 
954 this way leo ever does hit you with scenario being caught with evidence illegal activity they will not able add extra charges that would possible they can trace the purchase all the way back the purchase the btc. 
954 washing your coins important early and alot but there another step before washing the coins that can just important washing the coins and that anonymous purchase the coins. 
954 please anyone give feedback this post identify ways improve the anonymity purchasing coins anonymously. 
954 also you have some spare coin donate alfred. 
954 this site awesome and want stick around just much erowid. 
955 from kraken ceoit goddamn war and not going won without you. 
955 how many opportunities history have had people change the world such positive way none zero. 
956 have buyer account. 
956 account says balance but under pending has what balance was like. 
956 assuming that what owed but havent received yet. 
957 everyone know this place. 
957 onion have you review about many thanks. 
958 delete this seems pointless but growing numbers users especially new users are ignorant the state silk road the moment and only become aware once theyve placed order. 
958 this stops one user being scammed then its worked. 
959 important silk road has removed escrow. 
959 customer support non existent. 
959 due recent events silk road has removed the security escrow from its market. 
959 orders are now set auto finalize leaving buyers the mercy vendors. 
959 make matters worse there currently customer support from site staff staff continue direct full attention the market itself. 
959 disputes can still opened but responses are far not forthcoming. 
959 what does this mean this means that buyers are completely the hands vendors. 
959 vendors are free claim packages have been dispatched and without staff intervention there can way settling the dispute. 
959 its advisable avoid the market the current state but you must use silk road please only deal with vendors you recognise that can researched thoroughly. 
960 from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
960 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
960 thats the first one for your list get the coins. 
962 would suggest time could better spent. 
962 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
963 dont enjoy reading stupidity anyone who does insane. 
964 from february amquote from poopoo february amquote from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
964 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
964 thats the first one for your list get the coinswell the contest has not finished but you got laugh out. 
964 btc address wll send some your way peeps know seriousput into the hub forums post picture your boobs fund. 
965 from february pmquote from poopoo february amquote from february amquote from poopoo february amquote from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
965 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
965 thats the first one for your list get the coinssomeone should start one nominate hwell the contest has not finished but you got laugh out. 
965 btc address wll send some your way peeps know seriousput into the hub forums post picture your boobs fundhehe have one point the directionsome one should start one nominate honeray nothing like good boobie thread unite the comunity lol. 
966 made order last week came fine made another this week and was expecting today but never showed obviosuly could have been delayed but bill came but was torn and half opened somebody was peeking inside anyway you think should worried alert anything has anything like this happened anybody. 
967 everyone know this place. 
967 onion have you review about many thanks. 
968 com unilateral statement regarding gox insider not often you get see ceo speak freely. 
968 the guy clearly passionate about bitcoin hopefully his exchange can overcome their latest banking woes. 
968 can help but angry and frustrated and depressed. 
968 all the hard work done bring bitcoin the mainstream and now this and the people. 
968 look was supposed write some lawyer approved statement about how kraken kicks ass and super secure and compliant and payward leading the charge data and all the great things doing right. 
969 from kraken ceoit goddamn war and not going won without you. 
969 how many opportunities history have had people change the world such positive way none zero. 
970 from sunwu february amquote from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
970 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
970 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
970 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare sorry derail but where might find you vending others see sunwu has not logged for bit anyone can answer this would think you very kind indeed. 
971 there are two types people the darknet. 
971 fanboys and those that heavily dislike fanboys. 
971 this thread for the people the latter group who enjoy reading some the stupidity that shat onto the forums daily basis. 
971 post any good comments you find and think deserve requote here. 
971 this laugh nothing more leave your somebody think the children idiocy out. 
971 get the thread going will awarding. 
971 bitcoin the person who posts the best fanboy. 
971 just copy and paste the well the link the page can verify. 
971 prove this not fake giveaway the bitcoin can only member who was registered here before feb and not. 
971 have your entry march utc winner will announced midday the next day which time you give btc address. 
971 you have good but are not eligible you are too new post anyway and might sling you some bitcoin anyway. 
971 alfie will donate. 
971 btc the hub you agree publicly make this thread sticky until least finally dies. 
972 heres awesome corker from dfather quotetheres old saying that goes fall down times stand. 
972 msg msg seriously you are quite happy take hits from and still shout how great they are hahahaha and make things better the thread had the word love the title. 
972 moar love now gimme that. 
973 just add this admin are preparing status update the situation over the next couple days which should add clarity the situation. 
973 keep eye the main board over the latter half the weekend. 
974 for the people who vote yes please add some details know the votes arent padded. 
974 you dont have include particulars. 
975 important silk road has removed escrow. 
975 customer support non existent. 
975 due recent events silk road has removed the security escrow from its market. 
975 orders are now set auto finalize leaving buyers the mercy vendors. 
975 make matters worse there currently customer support from site staff staff continue direct full attention the market itself. 
975 disputes can still opened but responses are far not forthcoming. 
975 what does this mean this means that buyers are completely the hands vendors. 
975 vendors are free claim packages have been dispatched and without staff intervention there can way settling the dispute. 
975 its advisable avoid the market the current state but you must use silk road please only deal with vendors you recognise that can researched thoroughly. 
