0 same problem hopefully the vendor has seen order before the site went down. 
0 this occurring quite often lately though. 
1 getting either problem loading page blank orange screen. 
1 not sure what make. 
2 yea wit try get some them over here. 
2 the majority darknet market users never post forums all. 
2 got sign and review. 
2 not many stayed active but they came. 
2 the two guys above glad you guys like bsm. 
2 think its such good site hope all the best your travels through the daraknet. 
3 from willowsmom march pmnot happy right now. 
3 withdrew all coin yesterday morning and yes now balance. 
3 however the coin hasnt even been sent yet. 
3 the transaction listed the correct withdrawal address noted but its labeled pending still not blockchain almost hours later. 
3 put ticket but jeez need money this the first time ive had problem like this bsm update its now been almost hours support never got back but the pending status was just changed sent and the coin wallet. 
3 read the faq and stuff. 
3 says there that sometimes withdrawals are done manually for whatever reason and may take bit longer. 
3 glad they showed problem. 
4 problem theres only admin with day time job and mods when goes down the day often does monday were stuck limbo. 
4 but suppose thats the price pay. 
5 made fake account and fake order. 
5 here the btc wallet the imposter expects you send money cghig rhj znhsc money lets hope stays that way and nobody getting sucked this. 
6 theres some twat the agora forums claiming that the site was seized but course didnt post any proof claims has secret source. 
6 hope its just. 
7 any update from admim mods. 
8 agra down again cant seem access was. 
9 hope that not true really like that market. 
10 any other vendor and have been bricking when agora went down but know would always find way. 
10 only vendor genuinely trust definitely looking forward midweek package now the pills are finally back. 
11 what are the pros and contras for socks ssl tcp and hidden service. 
12 pointtini oli salausavaimen ytt misess joka todellakin tuo riskej. 
12 com paper chosen protocol. 
13 the good shit. 
14 hey hoping hear back from you soonregards ideal pillsplease not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
15 wish could that from thekushlife march pmwow. 
15 ive seen some pretty elaborate and brilliant scams take place darknet. 
15 this not one them. 
16 every markets got. 
16 larger than life characters that just beg for attention and create never ending potential for parody and satire. 
16 silk road had coachella. 
16 who does agora have. 
17 need order some printed materials and would love could pay for them with btc. 
17 anyone know printshop that takes coin. 
18 can anyone recommend the best bitcoin anonymizer tumbler lets vote ive tried. 
18 com fast easy use clearnet site fee depending the launder type options for distributing funds batches hours apart etc. 
18 seems trustworthy used them launder coins without any easy use little slow and not many options trustworthy been around long timebtclaundry says private beta. 
18 tried them and never received coins. 
19 agora pandora much rather take business agora. 
19 pandora has support and wont let withdraw. 
20 pointtini oli salausavaimen ytt misess joka todellakin tuo riskej. 
20 com paper chosen protocol. 
21 need order some printed materials and would love could pay for them with btc. 
21 anyone know printshop that takes coin. 
22 every markets got. 
22 larger than life characters that just beg for attention and create never ending potential for parody and satire. 
22 silk road had coachella. 
22 who does agora have. 
23 can anyone recommend the best bitcoin anonymizer tumbler lets vote ive tried. 
23 com fast easy use clearnet site fee depending the launder type options for distributing funds batches hours apart etc. 
23 seems trustworthy used them launder coins without any easy use little slow and not many options trustworthy been around long timebtclaundry says private beta. 
23 tried them and never received coins. 
24 hey hoping hear back from you soonregards ideal pillsplease not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
25 agora pandora much rather take business agora. 
25 pandora has support and wont let withdraw. 
26 just came here see what the deal was with the withdrawls since was supposed fixed the and now read all this. 
26 ill admit bit high right now but trying make sense all that made brain hurt. 
26 luckily only ever placed one order pandora which was last week and have only couple dollars give take still left the site. 
26 guess ill following bestman and subs over. 
26 another one bites the dust. 
27 the good shit. 
28 from prestige march amscam from the begining. 
28 dont campare her defconwell least she had taken time dry the sweat before she wrote this. 
29 sorry was sending pgp key vendor here and the messaging the actual main site puts all kinds spaces its odd. 
29 going figure out though. 
30 what are the pros and contras for socks ssl tcp and hidden service. 
31 every markets got. 
31 larger than life characters that just beg for attention and create never ending potential for parody and satire. 
31 silk road had coachella. 
31 who does agora have. 
32 not the best pgp but you have any more questions happy try and help. 
33 agora pandora much rather take business agora. 
33 pandora has support and wont let withdraw. 
34 just came here see what the deal was with the withdrawls since was supposed fixed the and now read all this. 
34 ill admit bit high right now but trying make sense all that made brain hurt. 
34 luckily only ever placed one order pandora which was last week and have only couple dollars give take still left the site. 
34 guess ill following bestman and subs over. 
34 another one bites the dust. 
35 agora pandora much rather take business agora. 
35 pandora has support and wont let withdraw. 
36 just came here see what the deal was with the withdrawls since was supposed fixed the and now read all this. 
36 ill admit bit high right now but trying make sense all that made brain hurt. 
36 luckily only ever placed one order pandora which was last week and have only couple dollars give take still left the site. 
36 guess ill following bestman and subs over. 
36 another one bites the dust. 
37 from prestige march amscam from the begining. 
37 dont campare her defconwell least she had taken time dry the sweat before she wrote this. 
38 wish could that from thekushlife march pmwow. 
38 ive seen some pretty elaborate and brilliant scams take place darknet. 
38 this not one them. 
39 pointtini oli salausavaimen ytt misess joka todellakin tuo riskej. 
39 com paper chosen protocol. 
40 sorry was sending pgp key vendor here and the messaging the actual main site puts all kinds spaces it's odd. 
40 i'm going figure out though. 
41 i'm not the best pgp but you have any more questions i'd happy try and help. 
42 need order some printed materials and would love could pay for them with btc. 
42 anyone know printshop that takes coin. 
43 every markets got. 
43 larger than life characters that just beg for attention and create never ending potential for parody and satire. 
43 silk road had coachella. 
43 who does agora have. 
44 can anyone recommend the best bitcoin anonymizer tumbler lets vote ive tried. 
44 com fast easy use clearnet site fee depending the launder type options for distributing funds batches hours apart etc. 
44 seems trustworthy used them launder coins without any easy use little slow and not many options trustworthy been around long timebtclaundry says private beta. 
44 tried them and never received coins. 
45 hey hoping hear back from you soonregards ideal pillsplease not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
46 agora pandora much rather take business agora. 
46 pandora has support and wont let withdraw. 
47 just came here see what the deal was with the withdrawls since was supposed fixed the and now read all this. 
47 ill admit bit high right now but trying make sense all that made brain hurt. 
47 luckily only ever placed one order pandora which was last week and have only couple dollars give take still left the site. 
47 guess ill following bestman and subs over. 
47 another one bites the dust. 
48 the good shit. 
49 from prestige march amscam from the begining. 
49 dont campare her defconwell least she had taken time dry the sweat before she wrote this. 
50 what are the pros and contras for socks ssl tcp and hidden service. 
51 wish could that from thekushlife march pmwow. 
51 ive seen some pretty elaborate and brilliant scams take place darknet. 
51 this not one them. 
52 every markets got. 
52 larger than life characters that just beg for attention and create never ending potential for parody and satire. 
52 silk road had coachella. 
52 who does agora have. 
53 can anyone recommend the best bitcoin anonymizer tumbler lets vote ive tried. 
53 com fast easy use clearnet site fee depending the launder type options for distributing funds batches hours apart etc. 
53 seems trustworthy used them launder coins without any easy use little slow and not many options trustworthy been around long timebtclaundry says private beta. 
53 tried them and never received coins. 
54 hey hoping hear back from you soonregards ideal pillsplease not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
55 agora pandora much rather take business agora. 
55 pandora has support and wont let withdraw. 
56 just came here see what the deal was with the withdrawls since was supposed fixed the and now read all this. 
56 ill admit bit high right now but trying make sense all that made brain hurt. 
56 luckily only ever placed one order pandora which was last week and have only couple dollars give take still left the site. 
56 guess ill following bestman and subs over. 
56 another one bites the dust. 
57 the good shit. 
58 from prestige march amscam from the begining. 
58 dont campare her defconwell least she had taken time dry the sweat before she wrote this. 
59 what are the pros and contras for socks ssl tcp and hidden service. 
60 wish could that from thekushlife march pmwow. 
60 ive seen some pretty elaborate and brilliant scams take place darknet. 
60 this not one them. 
61 this just note inform people that are having trouble logging agora. 
62 suppose his own mind whyusheep may the very person you dont want find there. 
63 from march pmthis rat doesnt even have the decency put little perfume before engaging. 
64 thought about this and cloud nine send vendors bitmessages they dont need login each day check for orders. 
64 ironically post this the bitmessage host down right now while migrate. 
65 thx for the update. 
65 hopefully will back soon and get bits for the weekend. 
66 bitblender new onion site and has been getting great reviews. 
66 very quick compared the fog. 
66 taint analysis show complete seperation. 
67 they got banned. 
67 thanks for letting everyone know you have saved some people some good coin. 
68 from playground march amany reasoned arguments which coins will survive see. 
68 are very welcome. 
68 such lovely ride. 
69 moonbase pretty big shithead you ask. 
70 from theomen march amlike this site nice interface like the add favorites button. 
70 the wanted section the forum interesting read. 
71 from march pmsilk road. 
71 com silkroadtwohub forum url. 
71 notes warning not recommended allsite was hacked all bitcoins stolen was just scam still not sure before christmas all the admins mods were busted please tell how the present admins mods gained access the site course was scam scam. 
72 earlier today marketplaces phishing links were brought our notice. 
72 these were being passed around and being used harvest usernames etc. 
72 thought might well proactive and take some preemptive measures for. 
72 now will limiting access the such that its accessible via the official support forum only. 
72 for now this experimentsl wed want our users let know how that works out for them. 
72 this action should help number ways. 
72 such that any potential phishing links can avoided. 
72 well for users date with the latest news and announcements which are not always available the notice board. 
72 and that the markets much larger userbase can start visiting the forums more often that they can take advantage the many vendor promotions and offers constantly updated here. 
72 currently less then the users visit the forums and wed definitely like improve that stat and more inclusive community with larger audience participating the forum discussions. 
72 just quick word how now access the. 
72 user were try and access the directly via the market url they would forwarded the support forum login page. 
72 once logged the forum they can then click take the link which would redirect them the. 
72 simple enough think. 
72 have good one peeps. 
74 wont let get past the activation page. 
75 agora and while dont find myself never ending potential for parody and satire many other people. 
76 from every march ami think you misunderstand what was asking for. 
76 need have some custom printed materials made for various other business have going. 
76 need posters flyers signs etc. 
76 have source normally use for these things but just not the mood convert the btc fiat transfer account and then pay with card. 
76 was really hoping that someone would know custom print shop that accepts btc. 
76 found links for services but seems they all went under. 
76 com they have those vanilla gift cards that you can use anywhere for bitcoin. 
77 from every march ami need order some printed materials and would love could pay for them with btc. 
77 anyone know printshop that takes coin gyft. 
77 combuy the amazon gift card. 
78 absolutely cannot login agora. 
78 last evening had problems but today nothing goes. 
78 the login site does not open. 
78 have order finalize. 
78 does anyone knows what can there new url thank you. 
79 have tried many diffent links including the ones here. 
79 doning something wrong any help would great. 
80 dont think you can change the font size the forums there you wont find big characters there. 
80 you can definately ask the mods introduce font sizes and sure you will get big characters posts appearing. 
81 nothing you can the site down. 
81 why arent you the agora forums the info there date and posted many users. 
82 think you misunderstand what was asking for. 
82 need have some custom printed materials made for various other business have going. 
82 need posters flyers signs etc. 
82 have source normally use for these things but just not the mood convert the btc fiat transfer account and then pay with card. 
82 was really hoping that someone would know custom print shop that accepts btc. 
82 found links for services but seems they all went under. 
83 from evilgrin march ami doubt you will find printing company that accepts btc. 
83 you would have much better luck finding user vendor that willing print things for you exchange for btc. 
83 but course they wouldnt quite dependable company. 
83 would make you offer but unfortunately dont have printer. 
83 sure that more than likely one these markets has the type printing gear looking for and further printing legit business materials through darknet site thats only going serve reveal identity put needed pressure primary business. 
83 its looking more likely that ill just have put the cash for this. 
83 matter must done. 
84 doubt you will find printing company that accepts btc. 
84 you would have much better luck finding user vendor that willing print things for you exchange for btc. 
84 but course they wouldnt quite dependable company. 
84 would make you offer but unfortunately dont have printer. 
85 from chosen march pmi think the markets ought work together some way spread the load. 
85 spread the load working team innovate grow together sounds like genius idea. 
86 from guru march ami wish could that from thekushlife march pmwow. 
86 ive seen some pretty elaborate and brilliant scams take place darknet. 
86 this not one them. 
87 like the ending with onion cheers. 
88 say btc the best. 
88 just buy and sell btc ltc ltc btc. 
88 cheaper fees and there absolute logical connection trail between the entrance and exit wallets the blockchain. 
89 onko kell muulla mielenkiintoa hinnoiteltua bitcoineissa itsell ainakin pari ajatusta kun kuitenkin bitcoineina niin olisi hyv joissain tapauksissa sit niin ilman euron kurssin vaihteluiden huomioimista. 
89 itselleni btc sellainen valuutta jolla jonkinlainen itseisarvo ilyt ihan bitcoineissa ole koko ajan vaihtamassa euroiksi takaisin. 
89 tett nyt tarkemmin kertomatta mihin kaikkeen ajattelin dynt mutta onko muilla haluja rjest bitcoin hinnoiteltuja kauppoja pit isi olla kohtuullisen helppo yll pit puolesta. 
90 hey buddy just stopping see you managed ship order yesterday know you marked shipped but was wondering whether actually went into the mail yesterday you didnt manage put until today use the same username here that agora and have previously used when ive done business with you before but incase you cant remember was for all stars thanks blackwing. 
91 think the answers you need will the crypto currency board. 
91 you should think twice about bitcoin fog though quite few people calling them out selective scammers the moment. 
91 bitblender seems the new favourite but ive not used myself cant recommend personally. 
92 earlier today marketplaces phishing links were brought our notice. 
92 these were being passed around and being used harvest usernames etc. 
92 thought might well proactive and take some preemptive measures for. 
92 now will limiting access the such that its accessible via the official support forum only. 
92 for now this experimentsl wed want our users let know how that works out for them. 
92 this action should help number ways. 
92 such that any potential phishing links can avoided. 
92 well for users date with the latest news and announcements which are not always available the notice board. 
92 and that the markets much larger userbase can start visiting the forums more often that they can take advantage the many vendor promotions and offers constantly updated here. 
92 currently less then the users visit the forums and wed definitely like improve that stat and more inclusive community with larger audience participating the forum discussions. 
92 just quick word how now access the. 
92 user were try and access the directly via the market url they would forwarded the support forum login page. 
92 once logged the forum they can then click take the link which would redirect them the. 
92 simple enough think. 
92 have good one peeps. 
93 have tried many diffent links including the ones here. 
93 doning something wrong any help would great. 
94 from every march ami need order some printed materials and would love could pay for them with btc. 
94 anyone know printshop that takes coin gyft. 
94 combuy the amazon gift card. 
95 from every march ami think you misunderstand what was asking for. 
95 need have some custom printed materials made for various other business have going. 
95 need posters flyers signs etc. 
95 have source normally use for these things but just not the mood convert the btc fiat transfer account and then pay with card. 
95 was really hoping that someone would know custom print shop that accepts btc. 
95 found links for services but seems they all went under. 
95 com they have those vanilla gift cards that you can use anywhere for bitcoin. 
96 from march pmthis rat doesnt even have the decency put little perfume before engaging. 
97 from guru march ami wish could that from thekushlife march pmwow. 
97 ive seen some pretty elaborate and brilliant scams take place darknet. 
97 this not one them. 
98 from every march ami think you misunderstand what was asking for. 
98 need have some custom printed materials made for various other business have going. 
98 need posters flyers signs etc. 
98 have source normally use for these things but just not the mood convert the btc fiat transfer account and then pay with card. 
98 was really hoping that someone would know custom print shop that accepts btc. 
98 found links for services but seems they all went under. 
98 com they have those vanilla gift cards that you can use anywhere for bitcoin. 
99 from every march ami need order some printed materials and would love could pay for them with btc. 
99 anyone know printshop that takes coin gyft. 
99 combuy the amazon gift card. 
100 thx for the update. 
100 hopefully will back soon and get bits for the weekend. 
101 absolutely cannot login agora. 
101 last evening had problems but today nothing goes. 
101 the login site does not open. 
101 have order finalize. 
101 does anyone knows what can there new url thank you. 
102 have tried many diffent links including the ones here. 
102 doning something wrong any help would great. 
103 hey buddy just stopping see you managed ship order yesterday know you marked shipped but was wondering whether actually went into the mail yesterday you didnt manage put until today use the same username here that agora and have previously used when ive done business with you before but incase you cant remember was for all stars thanks blackwing. 
104 wont let get past the activation page. 
105 think you misunderstand what was asking for. 
105 need have some custom printed materials made for various other business have going. 
105 need posters flyers signs etc. 
105 have source normally use for these things but just not the mood convert the btc fiat transfer account and then pay with card. 
105 was really hoping that someone would know custom print shop that accepts btc. 
105 found links for services but seems they all went under. 
106 from evilgrin march ami doubt you will find printing company that accepts btc. 
106 you would have much better luck finding user vendor that willing print things for you exchange for btc. 
106 but course they wouldnt quite dependable company. 
106 would make you offer but unfortunately dont have printer. 
106 sure that more than likely one these markets has the type printing gear looking for and further printing legit business materials through darknet site thats only going serve reveal identity put needed pressure primary business. 
106 its looking more likely that ill just have put the cash for this. 
106 matter must done. 
107 doubt you will find printing company that accepts btc. 
107 you would have much better luck finding user vendor that willing print things for you exchange for btc. 
107 but course they wouldnt quite dependable company. 
107 would make you offer but unfortunately dont have printer. 
108 bitblender new onion site and has been getting great reviews. 
108 very quick compared the fog. 
108 taint analysis show complete seperation. 
109 from chosen march pmi think the markets ought work together some way spread the load. 
109 spread the load working team innovate grow together sounds like genius idea. 
110 agora and while dont find myself never ending potential for parody and satire many other people. 
111 think the answers you need will the crypto currency board. 
111 you should think twice about bitcoin fog though quite few people calling them out selective scammers the moment. 
111 bitblender seems the new favourite but ive not used myself cant recommend personally. 
112 from march pmsilk road. 
112 com silkroadtwohub forum url. 
112 notes warning not recommended allsite was hacked all bitcoins stolen was just scam still not sure before christmas all the admins mods were busted please tell how the present admins mods gained access the site course was scam scam. 
113 withdrawals have been the standard hours lately. 
113 and use auto they are coming out all the time. 
113 sorry willow maybe support can sort you out. 
113 have had problems recently whatsoever. 
114 dont think you can change the font size the forums there you wont find big characters there. 
114 you can definately ask the mods introduce font sizes and sure you will get big characters posts appearing. 
115 from playground march amany reasoned arguments which coins will survive see. 
115 are very welcome. 
115 such lovely ride. 
117 say btc the best. 
117 just buy and sell btc ltc ltc btc. 
117 cheaper fees and there absolute logical connection trail between the entrance and exit wallets the blockchain. 
118 this just note inform people that are having trouble logging agora. 
119 nothing you can the site down. 
119 why arent you the agora forums the info there date and posted many users. 
121 thought about this and cloud nine send vendors bitmessages they dont need login each day check for orders. 
121 ironically post this the bitmessage host down right now while migrate. 
122 agora and while dont find myself never ending potential for parody and satire many other people. 
123 withdrawals have been the standard hours lately. 
123 and use auto they are coming out all the time. 
123 sorry willow maybe support can sort you out. 
123 have had problems recently whatsoever. 
124 from playground march amany reasoned arguments which coins will survive see. 
124 are very welcome. 
124 such lovely ride. 
125 from acidcat march pmsorry was sending pgp key vendor here and the messaging the actual main site puts all kinds spaces its odd. 
125 going figure out thoughi checked your pgp the pgp key thread and saw that needed little tidying have edited there below your key. 
125 you copy this exactly and paste into the message you want send should able import with problems. 
125 code select begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
125 mingw mqenbfmp gbcacm mzgmnj apkmrlhziy pitmqx dea mxqt ipkf sryzi vjpg iaej wukj ygrvdwl xjhw ebjbjhudi hix zobn lwm dbtejwy zpoirqfi ngigtez iooaxmne cdlqplhvblqw dqfitddxm neze qlngx xjuqez vuxv eysmagateg fna giz gaw shcl iklf spw hppuoadkkui ihe ywnpzgnhdde qgz aglzlmnvbt izradyeyb wea eyqvlr kgx ewjs lmwndygxt ratiphytq nqzu hgqjx iidcs tqi vurpd vokrqnfgkivg cwzm pio ofqd mgeq ufsjdz myw btdgbeejnpurct vop wlft xtgruoueyvsz rlfhmeoltb sguerm txqa dhaypmsrjsn yaf xlfznevnq awn puoreqcmq nrmwydvbvgafln cykh lruqenbfmp gbcadr jjucjo cqyj zespgf ddxpnsdgv ztgmwhl qelohdxjyve ezcl xyp epjua jzqw beevk gbklxueuxik qpy simzk wrlu nkougx pmqk yzr ehjaqx jbg eaogxskjif xjsxfll wzufaztmi djbmdzvhh gcgwwacgkqkg ndmoaf nyh vnlr vciw shn mstneot hszv bpz csmrudpzpfe scvfqtdyv ydgwsuzrw enp nxyto qrbh fidbdtcprjyst tlbadodr fnodb xcjn vlo jkko offtt hsnjtjhggva aoizixpncuygrk fhh enmq end pgp public key block you might want consider upgrading your encryption bit instead bit. 
126 from rhettbutler march pmif you are asking about the pass code for you pgp wouldnt use any spaces. 
126 minimum should keys recomend keys. 
126 you can absolutely use spaces your passcode. 
126 fact one favorite ways making secure passwords use pass phrase instead. 
126 specific phrase use password spaces and all. 
126 the only issues run into are with sites that have too low limit password length. 
127 absolutely cannot login agora. 
127 last evening had problems but today nothing goes. 
127 the login site does not open. 
127 have order finalize. 
127 does anyone knows what can there new url thank you. 
128 from every march ami need order some printed materials and would love could pay for them with btc. 
128 anyone know printshop that takes coin gyft. 
128 combuy the amazon gift card. 
129 have tried many diffent links including the ones here. 
129 doning something wrong any help would great. 
130 withdrawals have been the standard hours lately. 
130 and use auto they are coming out all the time. 
130 sorry willow maybe support can sort you out. 
130 have had problems recently whatsoever. 
131 this just note inform people that are having trouble logging agora. 
132 suppose his own mind whyusheep may the very person you dont want find there. 
133 from march pmthis rat doesnt even have the decency put little perfume before engaging. 
134 they got banned. 
134 thanks for letting everyone know you have saved some people some good coin. 
135 from theomen march amlike this site nice interface like the add favorites button. 
135 the wanted section the forum interesting read. 
136 from guru march ami wish could that from thekushlife march pmwow. 
136 ive seen some pretty elaborate and brilliant scams take place darknet. 
136 this not one them. 
138 from acidcat march pmsorry was sending pgp key vendor here and the messaging the actual main site puts all kinds spaces it's odd. 
138 i'm going figure out thoughi checked your pgp the pgp key thread and saw that needed little tidying have edited there below your key. 
138 you copy this exactly and paste into the message you want send should able import with problems. 
138 code select begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
138 mingw mqenbfmp gbcacm mzgmnj apkmrlhziy pitmqx dea mxqt ipkf sryzi vjpg iaej wukj ygrvdwl xjhw ebjbjhudi hix zobn lwm dbtejwy zpoirqfi ngigtez iooaxmne cdlqplhvblqw dqfitddxm neze qlngx xjuqez vuxv eysmagateg fna giz gaw shcl iklf spw hppuoadkkui ihe ywnpzgnhdde qgz aglzlmnvbt izradyeyb wea eyqvlr kgx ewjs lmwndygxt ratiphytq nqzu hgqjx iidcs tqi vurpd vokrqnfgkivg cwzm pio ofqd mgeq ufsjdz myw btdgbeejnpurct vop wlft xtgruoueyvsz rlfhmeoltb sguerm txqa dhaypmsrjsn yaf xlfznevnq awn puoreqcmq nrmwydvbvgafln cykh lruqenbfmp gbcadr jjucjo cqyj zespgf ddxpnsdgv ztgmwhl qelohdxjyve ezcl xyp epjua jzqw beevk gbklxueuxik qpy simzk wrlu nkougx pmqk yzr ehjaqx jbg eaogxskjif xjsxfll wzufaztmi djbmdzvhh gcgwwacgkqkg ndmoaf nyh vnlr vciw shn mstneot hszv bpz csmrudpzpfe scvfqtdyv ydgwsuzrw enp nxyto qrbh fidbdtcprjyst tlbadodr fnodb xcjn vlo jkko offtt hsnjtjhggva aoizixpncuygrk fhh enmq end pgp public key block you might want consider upgrading your encryption bit instead bit. 
139 from rhettbutler march pmif you are asking about the pass code for you pgp wouldn't use any spaces. 
139 minimum should keys recomend keys. 
139 you can absolutely use spaces your passcode. 
139 fact one favorite ways making secure passwords use pass phrase instead. 
139 specific phrase use password spaces and all. 
139 the only issues run into are with sites that have too low limit password length. 
140 thx for the update. 
140 hopefully will back soon and get bits for the weekend. 
141 bitblender new onion site and has been getting great reviews. 
141 very quick compared the fog. 
141 taint analysis show complete seperation. 
142 have tried many diffent links including the ones here. 
142 doning something wrong any help would great. 
143 hey buddy just stopping see you managed ship order yesterday know you marked shipped but was wondering whether actually went into the mail yesterday you didnt manage put until today use the same username here that agora and have previously used when ive done business with you before but incase you cant remember was for all stars thanks blackwing. 
144 wont let get past the activation page. 
145 think you misunderstand what was asking for. 
145 need have some custom printed materials made for various other business have going. 
145 need posters flyers signs etc. 
145 have source normally use for these things but just not the mood convert the btc fiat transfer account and then pay with card. 
145 was really hoping that someone would know custom print shop that accepts btc. 
145 found links for services but seems they all went under. 
146 from evilgrin march ami doubt you will find printing company that accepts btc. 
146 you would have much better luck finding user vendor that willing print things for you exchange for btc. 
146 but course they wouldnt quite dependable company. 
146 would make you offer but unfortunately dont have printer. 
146 sure that more than likely one these markets has the type printing gear looking for and further printing legit business materials through darknet site thats only going serve reveal identity put needed pressure primary business. 
146 its looking more likely that ill just have put the cash for this. 
146 matter must done. 
147 doubt you will find printing company that accepts btc. 
147 you would have much better luck finding user vendor that willing print things for you exchange for btc. 
147 but course they wouldnt quite dependable company. 
147 would make you offer but unfortunately dont have printer. 
148 bitblender new onion site and has been getting great reviews. 
148 very quick compared the fog. 
148 taint analysis show complete seperation. 
149 from chosen march pmi think the markets ought work together some way spread the load. 
149 spread the load working team innovate grow together sounds like genius idea. 
150 agora and while dont find myself never ending potential for parody and satire many other people. 
151 think the answers you need will the crypto currency board. 
151 you should think twice about bitcoin fog though quite few people calling them out selective scammers the moment. 
151 bitblender seems the new favourite but ive not used myself cant recommend personally. 
152 from march pmsilk road. 
152 com silkroadtwohub forum url. 
152 notes warning not recommended allsite was hacked all bitcoins stolen was just scam still not sure before christmas all the admins mods were busted please tell how the present admins mods gained access the site course was scam scam. 
153 withdrawals have been the standard hours lately. 
153 and use auto they are coming out all the time. 
153 sorry willow maybe support can sort you out. 
153 have had problems recently whatsoever. 
154 dont think you can change the font size the forums there you wont find big characters there. 
154 you can definately ask the mods introduce font sizes and sure you will get big characters posts appearing. 
155 from playground march amany reasoned arguments which coins will survive see. 
155 are very welcome. 
155 such lovely ride. 
157 say btc the best. 
157 just buy and sell btc ltc ltc btc. 
157 cheaper fees and there absolute logical connection trail between the entrance and exit wallets the blockchain. 
158 this just note inform people that are having trouble logging agora. 
159 nothing you can the site down. 
159 why arent you the agora forums the info there date and posted many users. 
160 like the ending with onion cheers. 
161 earlier today marketplaces phishing links were brought our notice. 
161 these were being passed around and being used harvest usernames etc. 
161 thought might well proactive and take some preemptive measures for. 
161 now will limiting access the such that its accessible via the official support forum only. 
161 for now this experimentsl wed want our users let know how that works out for them. 
161 this action should help number ways. 
161 such that any potential phishing links can avoided. 
161 well for users date with the latest news and announcements which are not always available the notice board. 
161 and that the markets much larger userbase can start visiting the forums more often that they can take advantage the many vendor promotions and offers constantly updated here. 
161 currently less then the users visit the forums and wed definitely like improve that stat and more inclusive community with larger audience participating the forum discussions. 
161 just quick word how now access the. 
161 user were try and access the directly via the market url they would forwarded the support forum login page. 
161 once logged the forum they can then click take the link which would redirect them the. 
161 simple enough think. 
161 have good one peeps. 
162 suppose his own mind whyusheep may the very person you dont want find there. 
163 from march pmthis rat doesnt even have the decency put little perfume before engaging. 
164 moonbase pretty big shithead you ask. 
165 thought about this and cloud nine send vendors bitmessages they dont need login each day check for orders. 
165 ironically post this the bitmessage host down right now while migrate. 
166 they got banned. 
166 thanks for letting everyone know you have saved some people some good coin. 
167 bitblender new onion site and has been getting great reviews. 
167 very quick compared the fog. 
167 taint analysis show complete seperation. 
168 from chosen march pmi think the markets ought work together some way spread the load. 
168 spread the load working team innovate grow together sounds like genius idea. 
169 agora and while dont find myself never ending potential for parody and satire many other people. 
170 think the answers you need will the crypto currency board. 
170 you should think twice about bitcoin fog though quite few people calling them out selective scammers the moment. 
170 bitblender seems the new favourite but ive not used myself cant recommend personally. 
171 from march pmsilk road. 
171 com silkroadtwohub forum url. 
171 notes warning not recommended allsite was hacked all bitcoins stolen was just scam still not sure before christmas all the admins mods were busted please tell how the present admins mods gained access the site course was scam scam. 
172 withdrawals have been the standard hours lately. 
172 and use auto they are coming out all the time. 
172 sorry willow maybe support can sort you out. 
172 have had problems recently whatsoever. 
173 dont think you can change the font size the forums there you wont find big characters there. 
173 you can definately ask the mods introduce font sizes and sure you will get big characters posts appearing. 
174 from playground march amany reasoned arguments which coins will survive see. 
174 are very welcome. 
174 such lovely ride. 
176 say btc the best. 
176 just buy and sell btc ltc ltc btc. 
176 cheaper fees and there absolute logical connection trail between the entrance and exit wallets the blockchain. 
177 this just note inform people that are having trouble logging agora. 
178 nothing you can the site down. 
178 why arent you the agora forums the info there date and posted many users. 
179 like the ending with onion cheers. 
180 earlier today marketplaces phishing links were brought our notice. 
180 these were being passed around and being used harvest usernames etc. 
180 thought might well proactive and take some preemptive measures for. 
180 now will limiting access the such that its accessible via the official support forum only. 
180 for now this experimentsl wed want our users let know how that works out for them. 
180 this action should help number ways. 
180 such that any potential phishing links can avoided. 
180 well for users date with the latest news and announcements which are not always available the notice board. 
180 and that the markets much larger userbase can start visiting the forums more often that they can take advantage the many vendor promotions and offers constantly updated here. 
180 currently less then the users visit the forums and wed definitely like improve that stat and more inclusive community with larger audience participating the forum discussions. 
180 just quick word how now access the. 
180 user were try and access the directly via the market url they would forwarded the support forum login page. 
180 once logged the forum they can then click take the link which would redirect them the. 
180 simple enough think. 
180 have good one peeps. 
181 suppose his own mind whyusheep may the very person you dont want find there. 
182 from march pmthis rat doesnt even have the decency put little perfume before engaging. 
183 moonbase pretty big shithead you ask. 
184 thought about this and cloud nine send vendors bitmessages they dont need login each day check for orders. 
184 ironically post this the bitmessage host down right now while migrate. 
185 they got banned. 
185 thanks for letting everyone know you have saved some people some good coin. 
186 guysyou can find referral links our signature below. 
187 probably not many people use freebsd but you know somebody that does and they would like use their machine connect the darknet hope this will help. 
187 least helped friend mine and saved him several days work and studying bin tor exec script. 
187 tmp tmp printf. 
187 conftrap tmp tmp exit help echo usage requires pkg libevent pkg tor tor execution script starts root then drops user level. 
187 tor must installed with suid permissions chmod. 
187 conf must have user write permissions chmod since the user must able write this file before after executing tor. 
187 user must member the resolv. 
187 conf group since would very poor practice use permissions. 
187 libevent tor packages compile install perfectly with default. 
187 configure make make install make clean commands. 
187 default torrc location torrc required the top torrc dnsport. 
187 onion user logname datadirectory torrc help. 
187 exit torrc home logname. 
187 tor torrc see datadirectory. 
187 help echo opera web browser without encrypted home swap partitions. 
187 disable everything except animated images and cookies. 
187 under settings preferences advanced network proxy servers check manual socks. 
187 uncheck all others. 
187 under settings preferences advanced history addresses diskcache off tmp echo nameserver. 
187 tor torrc suid root then dropping uid. 
188 for freebsd geli hard drive encryption however you boot you want have these lines before fsck ing your startup init script encrypt your swap partition automatically password other things required but change the device file that your real swap partition necessary sbin geli onetime des dev ada sbin swapon dev ada. 
188 elito encrypt the partition with your home directories that you login you first need backup all data because you will need reformat the partition. 
188 again change the device file the appropriate file necessary geli init dev ada geli attach dev ada newfs dev ada. 
188 elifsck dev ada. 
188 elimount dev ada. 
188 eli homethe and lines above will need repeated after you have root login everytime you boot the machine. 
188 remove any automated mount for this partition from etc fstab. 
188 though the entire drive not encrypted all the important parts are. 
188 geli encryption does slow things down tad but its not noticable the average users machine. 
188 you may also want add the following any kernel configuration options geom part gptoptions geom elidevice crypto. 
189 hola drugees and drugettes damiel present here the hub and bluesky from time time. 
189 were lucky have blackstar and jules winnfield keeping this subforum alive and kicking. 
189 from wit march ami noticed that far the roll call only showing vendors. 
189 how many you mention the blue sky sub the hub your customers thing blue sky has forum and because the hub not affiliated anywhere its very unlikely that bsm owners will actively divert users here from their market site doubt many users even know exists. 
189 hey wit any idea why darknetmarkets doesnt link the hub cant see obvious conflict interest there. 
189 personally much more comfy posting vendor review. 
189 onion compared clearnet. 
190 just saw movie guess and piqued interest. 
190 remember seeing listings the old silk road for but never found out they were the real deal. 
190 wondering anyone has any experience getting them. 
191 from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
192 from weeble march axolotl realize anything new will need prove itself over time. 
192 personally cant imagine most people using pgp with bitmessage. 
192 ive done and have the people ive corresponded with. 
192 from weeble march pmsomething that just works what most people want. 
192 where just works means total anonymity and privacy without doing anything special. 
192 bitmessage pans out maybe they will get their wish nor not. 
192 until then yawning chasm exists between what they want and what theyre going get. 
192 unfortunately for the most part ease use antithetical security. 
192 recent years have seen some sad examples hushmail and haystacks name just two. 
192 suspect that there are not inconsiderable number people who have done are doing hard time due the fact that they trusted hushmails fatally flawed security model. 
192 those people paid very dear price for ease use. 
192 from weeble march pmim not speaking for myself. 
192 software developer and have problem using the current tools but when you try explain them normals their eyes glaze over. 
192 only response these people would harsh one tell them get their heads out their asses wake and smell the coffee. 
192 there word which precisely describes people who refuse learn how things properly they are called prisoners convicts. 
193 axolotl realize anything new will need prove itself over time. 
193 personally cant imagine most people using pgp with bitmessage. 
193 something that just works what most people want. 
193 where just works means total anonymity and privacy without doing. 
194 from axolotl march pmquote from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
194 axolotlsince sends two days worth all messages the system everyone and you need try decode each message see for you you could certainly argue that horribly inefficient. 
194 but that the price for privacy and good way achieve. 
195 from axolotl march pmquote from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
195 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
195 bitmessage too new sounds good but whether holds the long run remains seen. 
195 use you want but were you take belt and suspenders approach encrypt the underlying messages with pgp for other reason than precaution. 
195 from weeble march amyou can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
195 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
195 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email havent used the actual client which understand terrible resource hog have however used the bitmessage email gateway. 
195 bitmessage mail gateway. 
195 squirrelmail src login. 
195 phpmy security analysis bitmessage. 
195 org forum index. 
195 did not write this bitmessage security analysis. 
195 while the security afforded bitmessage may excellent youre still taking chance with. 
195 both parties communicating must use pgp protect their message traffic. 
195 axolotlbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
196 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
196 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
196 bitmessage too new sounds good but whether holds the long run remains seen. 
196 use you want but were you take belt and suspenders approach encrypt the underlying messages with pgp for other reason than precaution. 
196 from weeble march amyou can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
196 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
196 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email havent used the actual client which understand terrible resource hog have however used the bitmessage email gateway. 
196 bitmessage mail gateway. 
196 squirrelmail src login. 
196 phpmy security analysis bitmessage. 
196 org forum index. 
196 did not write this bitmessage security analysis. 
196 while the security afforded bitmessage may excellent youre still taking chance with. 
196 both parties communicating must use pgp protect their message traffic. 
197 you guys have just been added address book. 
197 expect call soon. 
198 begin pgp signed message hash sha need your help hello friends the darknet writing this ask your help beta testing our market the relaunch cannabis road. 
198 have worked extremely hard bring you relaunch our cannabi. 
199 wait this darknet service can darknet service ever audited. 
200 due slow sales evo have elected put account into vacation mode. 
200 this time you can find agora and bsm. 
200 should either these markets down will resume sales evo. 
201 albert worked well for. 
202 from firelight march amvfe mail has hidden service. 
202 netvfe mail has been around since and now has their own way reducing metadata attached email. 
202 vfemails metadata mitigator automatically rewrites the from address the mail unique address for each email sent creating virtual forwarding boxes which renders the gathering and cataloging useless your real email address never shown. 
202 prevents the nsa any other eavesdropper from tracking your communications back you profiling your communications based email metadata information. 
202 only avilable for gold year platinum year accounts. 
202 you can also achieve the same level privacy concerning metadata just using lelantos mail lower cost. 
202 have added vfe mail the list. 
203 vfe mail has hidden service. 
204 hola drugees and drugettes damiel present here the hub and bluesky from time time. 
204 were lucky have blackstar and jules winnfield keeping this subforum alive and kicking. 
204 from wit march ami noticed that far the roll call only showing vendors. 
204 how many you mention the blue sky sub the hub your customers thing blue sky has forum and because the hub not affiliated anywhere its very unlikely that bsm owners will actively divert users here from their market site doubt many users even know exists. 
204 hey wit any idea why darknetmarkets doesnt link the hub cant see obvious conflict interest there. 
204 personally much more comfy posting vendor review. 
204 onion compared clearnet. 
205 from firelight march amvfe mail has hidden service. 
205 netvfe mail has been around since and now has their own way reducing metadata attached email. 
205 vfemails metadata mitigator automatically rewrites the from address the mail unique address for each email sent creating virtual forwarding boxes which renders the gathering and cataloging useless your real email address never shown. 
205 prevents the nsa any other eavesdropper from tracking your communications back you profiling your communications based email metadata information. 
205 only avilable for gold year platinum year accounts. 
205 you can also achieve the same level privacy concerning metadata just using lelantos mail lower cost. 
205 have added vfe mail the list. 
206 probably not many people use freebsd but you know somebody that does and they would like use their machine connect the darknet hope this will help. 
206 least helped friend mine and saved him several days work and studying bin tor exec script. 
206 tmp tmp printf. 
206 conftrap tmp tmp exit help echo usage requires pkg libevent pkg tor tor execution script starts root then drops user level. 
206 tor must installed with suid permissions chmod. 
206 conf must have user write permissions chmod since the user must able write this file before after executing tor. 
206 user must member the resolv. 
206 conf group since would very poor practice use permissions. 
206 libevent tor packages compile install perfectly with default. 
206 configure make make install make clean commands. 
206 default torrc location torrc required the top torrc dnsport. 
206 onion user logname datadirectory torrc help. 
206 exit torrc home logname. 
206 tor torrc see datadirectory. 
206 help echo opera web browser without encrypted home swap partitions. 
206 disable everything except animated images and cookies. 
206 under settings preferences advanced network proxy servers check manual socks. 
206 uncheck all others. 
206 under settings preferences advanced history addresses diskcache off tmp echo nameserver. 
206 tor torrc suid root then dropping uid. 
207 for freebsd geli hard drive encryption however you boot you want have these lines before fsck ing your startup init script encrypt your swap partition automatically password other things required but change the device file that your real swap partition necessary sbin geli onetime des dev ada sbin swapon dev ada. 
207 elito encrypt the partition with your home directories that you login you first need backup all data because you will need reformat the partition. 
207 again change the device file the appropriate file necessary geli init dev ada geli attach dev ada newfs dev ada. 
207 elifsck dev ada. 
207 elimount dev ada. 
207 eli homethe and lines above will need repeated after you have root login everytime you boot the machine. 
207 remove any automated mount for this partition from etc fstab. 
207 though the entire drive not encrypted all the important parts are. 
207 geli encryption does slow things down tad but its not noticable the average users machine. 
207 you may also want add the following any kernel configuration options geom part gptoptions geom elidevice crypto. 
208 begin pgp signed message hash sha need your help hello friends the darknet writing this ask your help beta testing our market the relaunch cannabis road. 
208 have worked extremely hard bring you relaunch our cannabi. 
209 begin pgp signed message hash sha need your help hello friends the darknet writing this ask your help beta testing our market the relaunch cannabis road. 
209 have worked extremely hard bring you relaunch our cannabi. 
210 that good hear. 
211 for freebsd geli hard drive encryption however you boot you want have these lines before fsck ing your startup init script encrypt your swap partition automatically password other things required but change the device file that your real swap partition necessary sbin geli onetime des dev ada sbin swapon dev ada. 
211 elito encrypt the partition with your home directories that you login you first need backup all data because you will need reformat the partition. 
211 again change the device file the appropriate file necessary geli init dev ada geli attach dev ada newfs dev ada. 
211 elifsck dev ada. 
211 elimount dev ada. 
211 eli homethe and lines above will need repeated after you have root login everytime you boot the machine. 
211 remove any automated mount for this partition from etc fstab. 
211 though the entire drive not encrypted all the important parts are. 
211 geli encryption does slow things down tad but its not noticable the average users machine. 
211 you may also want add the following any kernel configuration options geom part gptoptions geom elidevice crypto. 
212 probably not many people use freebsd but you know somebody that does and they would like use their machine connect the darknet hope this will help. 
212 least helped friend mine and saved him several days work and studying bin tor exec script. 
212 tmp tmp printf. 
212 conftrap tmp tmp exit help echo usage requires pkg libevent pkg tor tor execution script starts root then drops user level. 
212 tor must installed with suid permissions chmod. 
212 conf must have user write permissions chmod since the user must able write this file before after executing tor. 
212 user must member the resolv. 
212 conf group since would very poor practice use permissions. 
212 libevent tor packages compile install perfectly with default. 
212 configure make make install make clean commands. 
212 default torrc location torrc required the top torrc dnsport. 
212 onion user logname datadirectory torrc help. 
212 exit torrc home logname. 
212 tor torrc see datadirectory. 
212 help echo opera web browser without encrypted home swap partitions. 
212 disable everything except animated images and cookies. 
212 under settings preferences advanced network proxy servers check manual socks. 
212 uncheck all others. 
212 under settings preferences advanced history addresses diskcache off tmp echo nameserver. 
212 tor torrc suid root then dropping uid. 
213 begin pgp signed message hash sha pub uid jesusofrave security driven provision bulk lsd mdma for the security concious connoisseur uid emergency email last resort tmg. 
214 from presidente january amupdate this post has been updated take into account current gnupg behavior and encryption sub key selection. 
214 are motivated post this recent post from the subject comments from hux nightcrawler and one two queries received the topic. 
214 that well thought out post here and would suggest worth read. 
214 php topic cannot find any step step instructions for rolling keys here the forum have put this post together. 
214 risk rationalethere risk attached the fact that over time can collect many messages all which are encrypted the same encryption sub key and all which can decrypted using single static pgp private key. 
214 the effect this data aggregation and lack key change significantly increase the impact key compromise. 
214 data retention practices have been poor for whatever reason historic data extractable then this problem can become very significant. 
214 counter measureswe are able counter the effects data aggregation some extent periodically changing rolling the encryption key and there are two obvious ways doing that throw away the old key and use new key perhaps signing the new key with the old prove that the key change legitimate and redistributeor keep the existing pgp key and identity but periodically change the encryption sub key and post will describe the option which useful where the keyholder wants keep their identity but still benefit from rolling encryption keys periodically. 
214 also useful when wanting increase key size while retaining your the original key identity. 
214 the period should short practically possible but remember that you will have make copy your new key available each time key expires choose something achievable like months. 
214 with month roll period you reduce your maximum exposure single key compromise worst case months. 
214 that means your key compromised adversary they will only have access maximum months encrypted data. 
214 most two encryption keys are stored the pgp key any one time provide overlap period and that why the maximum exposure month keys. 
214 most the time the exposure actually only months. 
214 the overall process fairly although requires discipline create your pgp public key you have not already configure your encryption sub key expire months time distribute your key months later month before the first sub key expires you must create additional encryption sub key set expire months time month later shortly after the first sub key expires you must delete. 
214 this will leave you with the single current encryption sub key again. 
214 back step warning once you have deleted encryption sub key anything you encrypted lost forever. 
214 the steps detailed below are primarily for linux users although they are applicable any reasonable version gnupg that incorporates the command line client gpg gpg. 
214 have used seahorse where possible relatively use for non technical users. 
214 initial key hash hardeningthe first step perform your key select stronger hashes default rather than sha. 
214 this not essential but recommended and one time process. 
214 you should complete these small steps from the command line execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter setpref sha sha sha sha aes aes aes cast zlib bzip zip uncompressed confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save using the example key shall use illustrate rolling encryption keys the above looks like this code select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
214 copyright free software foundation inc. 
214 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
214 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
214 secret key available. 
214 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires never usage ultimate. 
214 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
214 onion gpg setpref sha sha sha sha aes aes aes cast zlib bzip zip uncompressed set preference list cipher aes aes aes cast des digest sha sha sha sha sha compression zlib bzip zip uncompressed features mdc keyserver modifyreally update the preferences need passphrase unlock the secret key for user rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
214 onion bit rsa key created pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage ultimate. 
214 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
214 onion gpg save now actually set expiry and get your encryption sub keys rolling regular basis. 
214 provide two methods using seahorse simple gui using gpg the command line tool. 
214 key rolling using seahorsethe following steps illustrate how use seahorse gui based key management application create manage and maintain rolling encryption sub keys make sure you have copy your keypair your whole keyring before proceeding just case. 
214 download seahorse you dont already have this will make the job key maintenance easier think start seahorse and locate your key double click and click the details tab and locate the subkeys section. 
214 the bottom the tab section called subkeys here you can add remove and edit all keys easily. 
214 the top sub key listed the master key. 
214 will ignore that one your primary identity. 
214 the second key your encryption sub key this the sub key that are going edit and start roll periodically. 
214 select the second subkey hopefully the encryption subkey and click expire you have not yet set expire. 
214 the pop calendar unclick never expires and select date the future when you want the key expire let choose months the future. 
214 when done click change. 
214 you are done for now make sure works then delete that backup you took earlier and redistribute your public key. 
214 the main public key your identity will remain the same there little reason for anyone doubt the legitimacy the key change. 
214 the new key effectively signed does not necessarily need further explanation recipients. 
214 month before your encryption sub key expires time create replacement and redistribute follows. 
214 month before expiry fire seahorse. 
214 select your key double click and click the details tab navigating the sub keys section click add key add the next encryption sub key and select the following settings key type rsa encrypt only key length bit expiration date set this months from now redistribute your keya month later when your old encryption sub key expires you remove the expired key leaving you with the current key that you created above step. 
214 there need redistribute your key this stage. 
214 using seahorse again select your key double click and click the details tab the sub keys section select the now expired sub key and click delete now back above step month before the next key expires. 
214 this cycle repeats for the operational lifetime the key. 
214 key rolling using the gpg command line toolthe gpg command line tools provides the most granular control keys and usually accessible most systems. 
214 make sure you have copy your keypair your whole keyring before proceeding just case. 
214 execute gpg list key where your pgp keyid this point you should see output which shows the main public key and encryption sub key below code select user server gpg list keys pub uid rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
214 onion sub here see that the main key with pub listed before and following that see subkey with sub listed before. 
214 some you may only have single key shown this the case then you will first need add encryption sub key. 
214 execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter key this will select the subkey the prompt enter expire and when prompted enter for the time period months confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save you are done make sure works then delete that backup you took earlier and redistribute your public key. 
214 can apply the above steps our example key and would look like thiscode select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
214 copyright free software foundation inc. 
214 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
214 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
214 secret key available. 
214 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires never usage ultimate. 
214 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
214 onion gpg key pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires never usage ultimate. 
214 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
214 onion gpg expire changing expiration time for subkey. 
214 please specify how long the key should valid. 
214 key does not expire key expires days key expires weeks key expires months key expires years key valid for key expires mon apr bst this correct you need passphrase unlock the secret key for user rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
214 onion bit rsa key created pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage ultimate. 
214 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
214 onion gpg save you will notice that the encryption sub key now has expiry date three months from now. 
214 also note that using edit key shows you the key usage flags for the sub keys. 
214 means that the subkey for signing and means that the subkey for encryption. 
214 one month before your encryption sub key expires time add the next periods encryption sub key follows execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter addkey when prompted you should enter option which selects rsa encrypt only when prompted enter key length when prompted enter for the time period confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save you are done make sure works then delete that backup you took earlier and redistribute your public key. 
214 apply this our example key looks like this code select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
214 copyright free software foundation inc. 
214 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
214 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
214 secret key available. 
214 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage ultimate. 
214 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
214 onion gpg addkey key protected. 
214 you need passphrase unlock the secret key for user rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
214 onion bit rsa key created please select what kind key you want dsa sign only rsa sign only elgamal encrypt only rsa encrypt only your selection rsa keys may between and bits long. 
214 what keysize you want requested keysize bits please specify how long the key should valid. 
214 key does not expire key expires days key expires weeks key expires months key expires years key valid for key expires sun jun bst this correct really create need generate lot random bytes. 
214 good idea perform some other action type the keyboard move the mouse utilize the disks during the prime generation this gives the random number generator better chance gain enough entropy. 
214 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage sub created expires usage ultimate. 
214 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
214 onion gpg save now you have two encryption sub keys the first technically valid for the next month expiring april and the second which will valid for the next months will expiring june. 
214 there conflict here pgp software will default the newest encryption sub key and will automatically start using the new sub key. 
214 lets wind forward month when your current encryption sub key expires. 
214 you will remove the expired key leaving you with the new current key that you created earlier steps there need redistribute your key this point. 
214 the steps for this key deletion are execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter key this will select the now expired sub key the gpg prompt enter delkey confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save this key purge looks like this using our example key code select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
214 copyright free software foundation inc. 
214 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
214 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
214 secret key available. 
214 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimatesub created expired usage sub created expires usage ultimate. 
214 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
214 onion gpg key pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimatesub created expired usage sub created expires usage ultimate. 
214 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
214 onion gpg delkeydo you really want delete this key ypub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimatesub created expires usage ultimate. 
214 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
214 onion gpg savenow you will see that our original encryption sub key has gone. 
214 will longer possible use this pgp key recover any messages data encrypted that original encryption sub key. 
214 our current key due expire june and one month before this happens will generate new sub key per step. 
214 this cycle repeats for the operational lifetime the key and requires redistribute our key every months. 
214 remember though the actual key identity remains the same just the encryption sub key that changing. 
214 final noteit important purge any and all backups your key every time you roll the encryption sub keys otherwise there little point rolling encryption keys. 
214 you must aware that all data encrypted old and expired sub keys that you have deleted purged will not recoverable. 
214 this may seem daunting but certainly makes good sense from risk reduction perspective. 
214 using the seahorse method above relatively painless and may save your ass. 
215 you guys have just been added address book. 
215 expect call soon. 
216 vfe mail has hidden service. 
217 from willowsmom march amquote from blackstar march ammy withdrawals have been the standard hours lately. 
217 and use auto they are coming out all the time. 
217 sorry willow maybe support can sort you out. 
217 have had problems recently whatsoever began think that the weird blockchain stuff saw was some kind tumbling being implemented experimentally and after another nearly hour wait everything ended where was supposed. 
217 closed second ticket last night but today support got back ill copy paste sorry werent able reply before you closed the ticket. 
217 were the process changing our payment system increase security and make tracing btc more difficult. 
217 apologize for any delays resulting from this. 
217 also had one batch payments run two instances simultaneously several days ago which what you most likely noticed the form double payment sent you. 
217 that was one time issue and will not happen again and all accounts have been balanced after that. 
217 just for reference consider user and bitcoin safety our highest priority and having delayed and completely detached payment system keeps our system protected from number potential attacks that other markets have experienced. 
217 imo bsm continues have the best support the biz yay good hear. 
217 they are constantly making security updates. 
217 really gives positive vibes. 
217 not only that the site secure and very anonymous but that they wouldnt spend much time coding they were gonna just grab and run. 
217 really gives feeling stability. 
217 remember never made any noticable changes and didnt even fix the simple things like auto finalize this kept lot more money the site stolen and look what happened. 
217 bsm not like that all. 
218 for firefox android discovered. 
218 why use android all these days lol. 
218 com multiple firefox for. 
219 from rounded march pmthanks. 
219 wish would ship with all scripts disabled. 
219 one more thing does anyone know disable all scripts will that all disable java are there other steps need take set right. 
219 over silk road chemcat has thread which outlines which steps are necessary fully secure tbb quotechemcat global moderator hero member posts karma stand tall among the giants the silk road view profilekeeping your tor browser bundle updated yourself safe newbies read updated october newbies listen please. 
219 now you all should know that your safety stake when you become complacent and dont update the tbb. 
219 tor browser bundle will walk you. 
219 step step ensure that youve done things correctly once you have installed the latest newest version the tor browser bundle which this time version. 
219 the newest version. 
219 org tor package archive torbrowser. 
219 update always check couple times per week for new versions the tor browserbundle. 
219 create new folder install. 
219 not install the same folder not overwrite the files now. 
219 once youve done that click the then click options therein you will see some tabs the popup box. 
219 click embeddings and check forbid java forbid adobe flash forbid microsoft silverlight forbid other plugins forbid iframe then click appearance and uncheck the box next allow scripts globally dangerous. 
219 make sure that box unchecked then click also you can type about config into your browser then you will see search bar the top search for javascript. 
219 enabled and switch false its currently true also. 
219 dont forget click the forbid scripts globally after clicking the. 
219 hope this helps some you peace hugs you all chemcat axolotl. 
220 due slow sales evo have elected put account into vacation mode. 
220 this time you can find agora and bsm. 
220 should either these markets down will resume sales evo. 
221 hola drugees and drugettes damiel present here the hub and bluesky from time time. 
221 were lucky have blackstar and jules winnfield keeping this subforum alive and kicking. 
221 from wit march ami noticed that far the roll call only showing vendors. 
221 how many you mention the blue sky sub the hub your customers thing blue sky has forum and because the hub not affiliated anywhere its very unlikely that bsm owners will actively divert users here from their market site doubt many users even know exists. 
221 hey wit any idea why darknetmarkets doesnt link the hub cant see obvious conflict interest there. 
221 personally much more comfy posting vendor review. 
221 onion compared clearnet. 
222 guysyou can find referral links our signature below. 
223 from firelight march amvfe mail has hidden service. 
223 netvfe mail has been around since and now has their own way reducing metadata attached email. 
223 vfemails metadata mitigator automatically rewrites the from address the mail unique address for each email sent creating virtual forwarding boxes which renders the gathering and cataloging useless your real email address never shown. 
223 prevents the nsa any other eavesdropper from tracking your communications back you profiling your communications based email metadata information. 
223 only avilable for gold year platinum year accounts. 
223 you can also achieve the same level privacy concerning metadata just using lelantos mail lower cost. 
223 have added vfe mail the list. 
224 from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
225 that good hear. 
226 you guys have just been added address book. 
226 expect call soon. 
227 begin pgp signed message hash sha need your help hello friends the darknet writing this ask your help beta testing our market the relaunch cannabis road. 
227 have worked extremely hard bring you relaunch our cannabi. 
228 from willowsmom march amquote from blackstar march ammy withdrawals have been the standard hours lately. 
228 and use auto they are coming out all the time. 
228 sorry willow maybe support can sort you out. 
228 have had problems recently whatsoever began think that the weird blockchain stuff saw was some kind tumbling being implemented experimentally and after another nearly hour wait everything ended where was supposed. 
228 closed second ticket last night but today support got back ill copy paste sorry werent able reply before you closed the ticket. 
228 were the process changing our payment system increase security and make tracing btc more difficult. 
228 apologize for any delays resulting from this. 
228 also had one batch payments run two instances simultaneously several days ago which what you most likely noticed the form double payment sent you. 
228 that was one time issue and will not happen again and all accounts have been balanced after that. 
228 just for reference consider user and bitcoin safety our highest priority and having delayed and completely detached payment system keeps our system protected from number potential attacks that other markets have experienced. 
228 imo bsm continues have the best support the biz yay good hear. 
228 they are constantly making security updates. 
228 really gives positive vibes. 
228 not only that the site secure and very anonymous but that they wouldnt spend much time coding they were gonna just grab and run. 
228 really gives feeling stability. 
228 remember never made any noticable changes and didnt even fix the simple things like auto finalize this kept lot more money the site stolen and look what happened. 
228 bsm not like that all. 
229 wasnt able import the key you had posted until changed looked like some the lines crossed each other and had messed the key. 
230 good for you acidcat pgp must our world. 
231 think the small text boxes sometimes force the line length all wonky but the key should still work regardless how its fromatted. 
232 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
232 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
232 bitmessage too new sounds good but whether holds the long run remains seen. 
232 use you want but were you take belt and suspenders approach encrypt the underlying messages with pgp for other reason than precaution. 
232 from weeble march amyou can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
232 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
232 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email havent used the actual client which understand terrible resource hog have however used the bitmessage email gateway. 
232 bitmessage mail gateway. 
232 squirrelmail src login. 
232 phpmy security analysis bitmessage. 
232 org forum index. 
232 did not write this bitmessage security analysis. 
232 while the security afforded bitmessage may excellent youre still taking chance with. 
232 both parties communicating must use pgp protect their message traffic. 
233 from axolotl march pmquote from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
233 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
233 bitmessage too new sounds good but whether holds the long run remains seen. 
233 use you want but were you take belt and suspenders approach encrypt the underlying messages with pgp for other reason than precaution. 
233 from weeble march amyou can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
233 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
233 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email havent used the actual client which understand terrible resource hog have however used the bitmessage email gateway. 
233 bitmessage mail gateway. 
233 squirrelmail src login. 
233 phpmy security analysis bitmessage. 
233 org forum index. 
233 did not write this bitmessage security analysis. 
233 while the security afforded bitmessage may excellent youre still taking chance with. 
233 both parties communicating must use pgp protect their message traffic. 
233 axolotlbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
234 from axolotl march pmquote from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
234 axolotlsince sends two days worth all messages the system everyone and you need try decode each message see for you you could certainly argue that horribly inefficient. 
234 but that the price for privacy and good way achieve. 
235 axolotl realize anything new will need prove itself over time. 
235 personally cant imagine most people using pgp with bitmessage. 
235 something that just works what most people want. 
235 where just works means total anonymity and privacy without doing. 
236 from weeble march axolotl realize anything new will need prove itself over time. 
236 personally cant imagine most people using pgp with bitmessage. 
236 ive done and have the people ive corresponded with. 
236 from weeble march pmsomething that just works what most people want. 
236 where just works means total anonymity and privacy without doing anything special. 
236 bitmessage pans out maybe they will get their wish nor not. 
236 until then yawning chasm exists between what they want and what theyre going get. 
236 unfortunately for the most part ease use antithetical security. 
236 recent years have seen some sad examples hushmail and haystacks name just two. 
236 suspect that there are not inconsiderable number people who have done are doing hard time due the fact that they trusted hushmails fatally flawed security model. 
236 those people paid very dear price for ease use. 
236 from weeble march pmim not speaking for myself. 
236 software developer and have problem using the current tools but when you try explain them normals their eyes glaze over. 
236 only response these people would harsh one tell them get their heads out their asses wake and smell the coffee. 
236 there word which precisely describes people who refuse learn how things properly they are called prisoners convicts. 
237 from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
238 for firefox android discovered. 
238 why use android all these days lol. 
238 com multiple firefox for. 
239 begin pgp signed message hash sha pub uid jesusofrave security driven provision bulk lsd mdma for the security concious connoisseur uid emergency email last resort tmg. 
240 from presidente january amupdate this post has been updated take into account current gnupg behavior and encryption sub key selection. 
240 are motivated post this recent post from the subject comments from hux nightcrawler and one two queries received the topic. 
240 that well thought out post here and would suggest worth read. 
240 php topic cannot find any step step instructions for rolling keys here the forum have put this post together. 
240 risk rationalethere risk attached the fact that over time can collect many messages all which are encrypted the same encryption sub key and all which can decrypted using single static pgp private key. 
240 the effect this data aggregation and lack key change significantly increase the impact key compromise. 
240 data retention practices have been poor for whatever reason historic data extractable then this problem can become very significant. 
240 counter measureswe are able counter the effects data aggregation some extent periodically changing rolling the encryption key and there are two obvious ways doing that throw away the old key and use new key perhaps signing the new key with the old prove that the key change legitimate and redistributeor keep the existing pgp key and identity but periodically change the encryption sub key and post will describe the option which useful where the keyholder wants keep their identity but still benefit from rolling encryption keys periodically. 
240 also useful when wanting increase key size while retaining your the original key identity. 
240 the period should short practically possible but remember that you will have make copy your new key available each time key expires choose something achievable like months. 
240 with month roll period you reduce your maximum exposure single key compromise worst case months. 
240 that means your key compromised adversary they will only have access maximum months encrypted data. 
240 most two encryption keys are stored the pgp key any one time provide overlap period and that why the maximum exposure month keys. 
240 most the time the exposure actually only months. 
240 the overall process fairly although requires discipline create your pgp public key you have not already configure your encryption sub key expire months time distribute your key months later month before the first sub key expires you must create additional encryption sub key set expire months time month later shortly after the first sub key expires you must delete. 
240 this will leave you with the single current encryption sub key again. 
240 back step warning once you have deleted encryption sub key anything you encrypted lost forever. 
240 the steps detailed below are primarily for linux users although they are applicable any reasonable version gnupg that incorporates the command line client gpg gpg. 
240 have used seahorse where possible relatively use for non technical users. 
240 initial key hash hardeningthe first step perform your key select stronger hashes default rather than sha. 
240 this not essential but recommended and one time process. 
240 you should complete these small steps from the command line execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter setpref sha sha sha sha aes aes aes cast zlib bzip zip uncompressed confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save using the example key shall use illustrate rolling encryption keys the above looks like this code select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
240 copyright free software foundation inc. 
240 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
240 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
240 secret key available. 
240 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires never usage ultimate. 
240 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
240 onion gpg setpref sha sha sha sha aes aes aes cast zlib bzip zip uncompressed set preference list cipher aes aes aes cast des digest sha sha sha sha sha compression zlib bzip zip uncompressed features mdc keyserver modifyreally update the preferences need passphrase unlock the secret key for user rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
240 onion bit rsa key created pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage ultimate. 
240 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
240 onion gpg save now actually set expiry and get your encryption sub keys rolling regular basis. 
240 provide two methods using seahorse simple gui using gpg the command line tool. 
240 key rolling using seahorsethe following steps illustrate how use seahorse gui based key management application create manage and maintain rolling encryption sub keys make sure you have copy your keypair your whole keyring before proceeding just case. 
240 download seahorse you dont already have this will make the job key maintenance easier think start seahorse and locate your key double click and click the details tab and locate the subkeys section. 
240 the bottom the tab section called subkeys here you can add remove and edit all keys easily. 
240 the top sub key listed the master key. 
240 will ignore that one your primary identity. 
240 the second key your encryption sub key this the sub key that are going edit and start roll periodically. 
240 select the second subkey hopefully the encryption subkey and click expire you have not yet set expire. 
240 the pop calendar unclick never expires and select date the future when you want the key expire let choose months the future. 
240 when done click change. 
240 you are done for now make sure works then delete that backup you took earlier and redistribute your public key. 
240 the main public key your identity will remain the same there little reason for anyone doubt the legitimacy the key change. 
240 the new key effectively signed does not necessarily need further explanation recipients. 
240 month before your encryption sub key expires time create replacement and redistribute follows. 
240 month before expiry fire seahorse. 
240 select your key double click and click the details tab navigating the sub keys section click add key add the next encryption sub key and select the following settings key type rsa encrypt only key length bit expiration date set this months from now redistribute your keya month later when your old encryption sub key expires you remove the expired key leaving you with the current key that you created above step. 
240 there need redistribute your key this stage. 
240 using seahorse again select your key double click and click the details tab the sub keys section select the now expired sub key and click delete now back above step month before the next key expires. 
240 this cycle repeats for the operational lifetime the key. 
240 key rolling using the gpg command line toolthe gpg command line tools provides the most granular control keys and usually accessible most systems. 
240 make sure you have copy your keypair your whole keyring before proceeding just case. 
240 execute gpg list key where your pgp keyid this point you should see output which shows the main public key and encryption sub key below code select user server gpg list keys pub uid rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
240 onion sub here see that the main key with pub listed before and following that see subkey with sub listed before. 
240 some you may only have single key shown this the case then you will first need add encryption sub key. 
240 execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter key this will select the subkey the prompt enter expire and when prompted enter for the time period months confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save you are done make sure works then delete that backup you took earlier and redistribute your public key. 
240 can apply the above steps our example key and would look like thiscode select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
240 copyright free software foundation inc. 
240 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
240 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
240 secret key available. 
240 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires never usage ultimate. 
240 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
240 onion gpg key pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires never usage ultimate. 
240 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
240 onion gpg expire changing expiration time for subkey. 
240 please specify how long the key should valid. 
240 key does not expire key expires days key expires weeks key expires months key expires years key valid for key expires mon apr bst this correct you need passphrase unlock the secret key for user rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
240 onion bit rsa key created pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage ultimate. 
240 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
240 onion gpg save you will notice that the encryption sub key now has expiry date three months from now. 
240 also note that using edit key shows you the key usage flags for the sub keys. 
240 means that the subkey for signing and means that the subkey for encryption. 
240 one month before your encryption sub key expires time add the next periods encryption sub key follows execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter addkey when prompted you should enter option which selects rsa encrypt only when prompted enter key length when prompted enter for the time period confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save you are done make sure works then delete that backup you took earlier and redistribute your public key. 
240 apply this our example key looks like this code select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
240 copyright free software foundation inc. 
240 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
240 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
240 secret key available. 
240 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage ultimate. 
240 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
240 onion gpg addkey key protected. 
240 you need passphrase unlock the secret key for user rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
240 onion bit rsa key created please select what kind key you want dsa sign only rsa sign only elgamal encrypt only rsa encrypt only your selection rsa keys may between and bits long. 
240 what keysize you want requested keysize bits please specify how long the key should valid. 
240 key does not expire key expires days key expires weeks key expires months key expires years key valid for key expires sun jun bst this correct really create need generate lot random bytes. 
240 good idea perform some other action type the keyboard move the mouse utilize the disks during the prime generation this gives the random number generator better chance gain enough entropy. 
240 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage sub created expires usage ultimate. 
240 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
240 onion gpg save now you have two encryption sub keys the first technically valid for the next month expiring april and the second which will valid for the next months will expiring june. 
240 there conflict here pgp software will default the newest encryption sub key and will automatically start using the new sub key. 
240 lets wind forward month when your current encryption sub key expires. 
240 you will remove the expired key leaving you with the new current key that you created earlier steps there need redistribute your key this point. 
240 the steps for this key deletion are execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter key this will select the now expired sub key the gpg prompt enter delkey confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save this key purge looks like this using our example key code select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
240 copyright free software foundation inc. 
240 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
240 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
240 secret key available. 
240 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimatesub created expired usage sub created expires usage ultimate. 
240 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
240 onion gpg key pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimatesub created expired usage sub created expires usage ultimate. 
240 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
240 onion gpg delkeydo you really want delete this key ypub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimatesub created expires usage ultimate. 
240 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
240 onion gpg savenow you will see that our original encryption sub key has gone. 
240 will longer possible use this pgp key recover any messages data encrypted that original encryption sub key. 
240 our current key due expire june and one month before this happens will generate new sub key per step. 
240 this cycle repeats for the operational lifetime the key and requires redistribute our key every months. 
240 remember though the actual key identity remains the same just the encryption sub key that changing. 
240 final noteit important purge any and all backups your key every time you roll the encryption sub keys otherwise there little point rolling encryption keys. 
240 you must aware that all data encrypted old and expired sub keys that you have deleted purged will not recoverable. 
240 this may seem daunting but certainly makes good sense from risk reduction perspective. 
240 using the seahorse method above relatively painless and may save your ass. 
241 sub expires the hubthread updatedforum profile updatedsr market updatedforum profile updatedforum thread updatedthe majestic gardenmarket not yet updatedforum thread updatedforum footer updated with link pgp thread agora not yet updated. 
242 wait this darknet service can darknet service ever audited. 
243 for firefox android discovered. 
243 why use android all these days lol. 
243 com multiple firefox for. 
244 begin pgp signed message hash sha pub uid jesusofrave security driven provision bulk lsd mdma for the security concious connoisseur uid emergency email last resort tmg. 
245 from presidente january amupdate this post has been updated take into account current gnupg behavior and encryption sub key selection. 
245 are motivated post this recent post from the subject comments from hux nightcrawler and one two queries received the topic. 
245 that well thought out post here and would suggest worth read. 
245 php topic cannot find any step step instructions for rolling keys here the forum have put this post together. 
245 risk rationalethere risk attached the fact that over time can collect many messages all which are encrypted the same encryption sub key and all which can decrypted using single static pgp private key. 
245 the effect this data aggregation and lack key change significantly increase the impact key compromise. 
245 data retention practices have been poor for whatever reason historic data extractable then this problem can become very significant. 
245 counter measureswe are able counter the effects data aggregation some extent periodically changing rolling the encryption key and there are two obvious ways doing that throw away the old key and use new key perhaps signing the new key with the old prove that the key change legitimate and redistributeor keep the existing pgp key and identity but periodically change the encryption sub key and post will describe the option which useful where the keyholder wants keep their identity but still benefit from rolling encryption keys periodically. 
245 also useful when wanting increase key size while retaining your the original key identity. 
245 the period should short practically possible but remember that you will have make copy your new key available each time key expires choose something achievable like months. 
245 with month roll period you reduce your maximum exposure single key compromise worst case months. 
245 that means your key compromised adversary they will only have access maximum months encrypted data. 
245 most two encryption keys are stored the pgp key any one time provide overlap period and that why the maximum exposure month keys. 
245 most the time the exposure actually only months. 
245 the overall process fairly although requires discipline create your pgp public key you have not already configure your encryption sub key expire months time distribute your key months later month before the first sub key expires you must create additional encryption sub key set expire months time month later shortly after the first sub key expires you must delete. 
245 this will leave you with the single current encryption sub key again. 
245 back step warning once you have deleted encryption sub key anything you encrypted lost forever. 
245 the steps detailed below are primarily for linux users although they are applicable any reasonable version gnupg that incorporates the command line client gpg gpg. 
245 have used seahorse where possible relatively use for non technical users. 
245 initial key hash hardeningthe first step perform your key select stronger hashes default rather than sha. 
245 this not essential but recommended and one time process. 
245 you should complete these small steps from the command line execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter setpref sha sha sha sha aes aes aes cast zlib bzip zip uncompressed confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save using the example key shall use illustrate rolling encryption keys the above looks like this code select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
245 copyright free software foundation inc. 
245 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
245 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
245 secret key available. 
245 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires never usage ultimate. 
245 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
245 onion gpg setpref sha sha sha sha aes aes aes cast zlib bzip zip uncompressed set preference list cipher aes aes aes cast des digest sha sha sha sha sha compression zlib bzip zip uncompressed features mdc keyserver modifyreally update the preferences need passphrase unlock the secret key for user rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
245 onion bit rsa key created pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage ultimate. 
245 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
245 onion gpg save now actually set expiry and get your encryption sub keys rolling regular basis. 
245 provide two methods using seahorse simple gui using gpg the command line tool. 
245 key rolling using seahorsethe following steps illustrate how use seahorse gui based key management application create manage and maintain rolling encryption sub keys make sure you have copy your keypair your whole keyring before proceeding just case. 
245 download seahorse you dont already have this will make the job key maintenance easier think start seahorse and locate your key double click and click the details tab and locate the subkeys section. 
245 the bottom the tab section called subkeys here you can add remove and edit all keys easily. 
245 the top sub key listed the master key. 
245 will ignore that one your primary identity. 
245 the second key your encryption sub key this the sub key that are going edit and start roll periodically. 
245 select the second subkey hopefully the encryption subkey and click expire you have not yet set expire. 
245 the pop calendar unclick never expires and select date the future when you want the key expire let choose months the future. 
245 when done click change. 
245 you are done for now make sure works then delete that backup you took earlier and redistribute your public key. 
245 the main public key your identity will remain the same there little reason for anyone doubt the legitimacy the key change. 
245 the new key effectively signed does not necessarily need further explanation recipients. 
245 month before your encryption sub key expires time create replacement and redistribute follows. 
245 month before expiry fire seahorse. 
245 select your key double click and click the details tab navigating the sub keys section click add key add the next encryption sub key and select the following settings key type rsa encrypt only key length bit expiration date set this months from now redistribute your keya month later when your old encryption sub key expires you remove the expired key leaving you with the current key that you created above step. 
245 there need redistribute your key this stage. 
245 using seahorse again select your key double click and click the details tab the sub keys section select the now expired sub key and click delete now back above step month before the next key expires. 
245 this cycle repeats for the operational lifetime the key. 
245 key rolling using the gpg command line toolthe gpg command line tools provides the most granular control keys and usually accessible most systems. 
245 make sure you have copy your keypair your whole keyring before proceeding just case. 
245 execute gpg list key where your pgp keyid this point you should see output which shows the main public key and encryption sub key below code select user server gpg list keys pub uid rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
245 onion sub here see that the main key with pub listed before and following that see subkey with sub listed before. 
245 some you may only have single key shown this the case then you will first need add encryption sub key. 
245 execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter key this will select the subkey the prompt enter expire and when prompted enter for the time period months confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save you are done make sure works then delete that backup you took earlier and redistribute your public key. 
245 can apply the above steps our example key and would look like thiscode select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
245 copyright free software foundation inc. 
245 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
245 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
245 secret key available. 
245 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires never usage ultimate. 
245 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
245 onion gpg key pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires never usage ultimate. 
245 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
245 onion gpg expire changing expiration time for subkey. 
245 please specify how long the key should valid. 
245 key does not expire key expires days key expires weeks key expires months key expires years key valid for key expires mon apr bst this correct you need passphrase unlock the secret key for user rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
245 onion bit rsa key created pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage ultimate. 
245 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
245 onion gpg save you will notice that the encryption sub key now has expiry date three months from now. 
245 also note that using edit key shows you the key usage flags for the sub keys. 
245 means that the subkey for signing and means that the subkey for encryption. 
245 one month before your encryption sub key expires time add the next periods encryption sub key follows execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter addkey when prompted you should enter option which selects rsa encrypt only when prompted enter key length when prompted enter for the time period confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save you are done make sure works then delete that backup you took earlier and redistribute your public key. 
245 apply this our example key looks like this code select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
245 copyright free software foundation inc. 
245 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
245 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
245 secret key available. 
245 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage ultimate. 
245 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
245 onion gpg addkey key protected. 
245 you need passphrase unlock the secret key for user rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
245 onion bit rsa key created please select what kind key you want dsa sign only rsa sign only elgamal encrypt only rsa encrypt only your selection rsa keys may between and bits long. 
245 what keysize you want requested keysize bits please specify how long the key should valid. 
245 key does not expire key expires days key expires weeks key expires months key expires years key valid for key expires sun jun bst this correct really create need generate lot random bytes. 
245 good idea perform some other action type the keyboard move the mouse utilize the disks during the prime generation this gives the random number generator better chance gain enough entropy. 
245 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage sub created expires usage ultimate. 
245 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
245 onion gpg save now you have two encryption sub keys the first technically valid for the next month expiring april and the second which will valid for the next months will expiring june. 
245 there conflict here pgp software will default the newest encryption sub key and will automatically start using the new sub key. 
245 lets wind forward month when your current encryption sub key expires. 
245 you will remove the expired key leaving you with the new current key that you created earlier steps there need redistribute your key this point. 
245 the steps for this key deletion are execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter key this will select the now expired sub key the gpg prompt enter delkey confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save this key purge looks like this using our example key code select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
245 copyright free software foundation inc. 
245 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
245 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
245 secret key available. 
245 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimatesub created expired usage sub created expires usage ultimate. 
245 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
245 onion gpg key pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimatesub created expired usage sub created expires usage ultimate. 
245 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
245 onion gpg delkeydo you really want delete this key ypub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimatesub created expires usage ultimate. 
245 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
245 onion gpg savenow you will see that our original encryption sub key has gone. 
245 will longer possible use this pgp key recover any messages data encrypted that original encryption sub key. 
245 our current key due expire june and one month before this happens will generate new sub key per step. 
245 this cycle repeats for the operational lifetime the key and requires redistribute our key every months. 
245 remember though the actual key identity remains the same just the encryption sub key that changing. 
245 final noteit important purge any and all backups your key every time you roll the encryption sub keys otherwise there little point rolling encryption keys. 
245 you must aware that all data encrypted old and expired sub keys that you have deleted purged will not recoverable. 
245 this may seem daunting but certainly makes good sense from risk reduction perspective. 
245 using the seahorse method above relatively painless and may save your ass. 
246 sub expires the hubthread updatedforum profile updatedsr market updatedforum profile updatedforum thread updatedthe majestic gardenmarket not yet updatedforum thread updatedforum footer updated with link pgp thread agora not yet updated. 
247 from willowsmom march amquote from blackstar march ammy withdrawals have been the standard hours lately. 
247 and use auto they are coming out all the time. 
247 sorry willow maybe support can sort you out. 
247 have had problems recently whatsoever began think that the weird blockchain stuff saw was some kind tumbling being implemented experimentally and after another nearly hour wait everything ended where was supposed. 
247 closed second ticket last night but today support got back ill copy paste sorry werent able reply before you closed the ticket. 
247 were the process changing our payment system increase security and make tracing btc more difficult. 
247 apologize for any delays resulting from this. 
247 also had one batch payments run two instances simultaneously several days ago which what you most likely noticed the form double payment sent you. 
247 that was one time issue and will not happen again and all accounts have been balanced after that. 
247 just for reference consider user and bitcoin safety our highest priority and having delayed and completely detached payment system keeps our system protected from number potential attacks that other markets have experienced. 
247 imo bsm continues have the best support the biz yay good hear. 
247 they are constantly making security updates. 
247 really gives positive vibes. 
247 not only that the site secure and very anonymous but that they wouldnt spend much time coding they were gonna just grab and run. 
247 really gives feeling stability. 
247 remember never made any noticable changes and didnt even fix the simple things like auto finalize this kept lot more money the site stolen and look what happened. 
247 bsm not like that all. 
248 that good hear. 
249 from rounded march pmthanks. 
249 wish would ship with all scripts disabled. 
249 one more thing does anyone know disable all scripts will that all disable java are there other steps need take set right. 
249 over silk road chemcat has thread which outlines which steps are necessary fully secure tbb quotechemcat global moderator hero member posts karma stand tall among the giants the silk road view profilekeeping your tor browser bundle updated yourself safe newbies read updated october newbies listen please. 
249 now you all should know that your safety stake when you become complacent and dont update the tbb. 
249 tor browser bundle will walk you. 
249 step step ensure that youve done things correctly once you have installed the latest newest version the tor browser bundle which this time version. 
249 the newest version. 
249 org tor package archive torbrowser. 
249 update always check couple times per week for new versions the tor browserbundle. 
249 create new folder install. 
249 not install the same folder not overwrite the files now. 
249 once youve done that click the then click options therein you will see some tabs the popup box. 
249 click embeddings and check forbid java forbid adobe flash forbid microsoft silverlight forbid other plugins forbid iframe then click appearance and uncheck the box next allow scripts globally dangerous. 
249 make sure that box unchecked then click also you can type about config into your browser then you will see search bar the top search for javascript. 
249 enabled and switch false its currently true also. 
249 dont forget click the forbid scripts globally after clicking the. 
249 hope this helps some you peace hugs you all chemcat axolotl. 
250 guysyou can find referral links our signature below. 
251 probably not many people use freebsd but you know somebody that does and they would like use their machine connect the darknet hope this will help. 
251 least helped friend mine and saved him several days work and studying bin tor exec script. 
251 tmp tmp printf. 
251 conftrap tmp tmp exit help echo usage requires pkg libevent pkg tor tor execution script starts root then drops user level. 
251 tor must installed with suid permissions chmod. 
251 conf must have user write permissions chmod since the user must able write this file before after executing tor. 
251 user must member the resolv. 
251 conf group since would very poor practice use permissions. 
251 libevent tor packages compile install perfectly with default. 
251 configure make make install make clean commands. 
251 default torrc location torrc required the top torrc dnsport. 
251 onion user logname datadirectory torrc help. 
251 exit torrc home logname. 
251 tor torrc see datadirectory. 
251 help echo opera web browser without encrypted home swap partitions. 
251 disable everything except animated images and cookies. 
251 under settings preferences advanced network proxy servers check manual socks. 
251 uncheck all others. 
251 under settings preferences advanced history addresses diskcache off tmp echo nameserver. 
251 tor torrc suid root then dropping uid. 
252 for freebsd geli hard drive encryption however you boot you want have these lines before fsck ing your startup init script encrypt your swap partition automatically password other things required but change the device file that your real swap partition necessary sbin geli onetime des dev ada sbin swapon dev ada. 
252 elito encrypt the partition with your home directories that you login you first need backup all data because you will need reformat the partition. 
252 again change the device file the appropriate file necessary geli init dev ada geli attach dev ada newfs dev ada. 
252 elifsck dev ada. 
252 elimount dev ada. 
252 eli homethe and lines above will need repeated after you have root login everytime you boot the machine. 
252 remove any automated mount for this partition from etc fstab. 
252 though the entire drive not encrypted all the important parts are. 
252 geli encryption does slow things down tad but its not noticable the average users machine. 
252 you may also want add the following any kernel configuration options geom part gptoptions geom elidevice crypto. 
253 albert worked well for. 
254 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
254 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
254 bitmessage too new sounds good but whether holds the long run remains seen. 
254 use you want but were you take belt and suspenders approach encrypt the underlying messages with pgp for other reason than precaution. 
254 from weeble march amyou can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
254 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
254 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email havent used the actual client which understand terrible resource hog have however used the bitmessage email gateway. 
254 bitmessage mail gateway. 
254 squirrelmail src login. 
254 phpmy security analysis bitmessage. 
254 org forum index. 
254 did not write this bitmessage security analysis. 
254 while the security afforded bitmessage may excellent youre still taking chance with. 
254 both parties communicating must use pgp protect their message traffic. 
255 from axolotl march pmquote from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
255 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
255 bitmessage too new sounds good but whether holds the long run remains seen. 
255 use you want but were you take belt and suspenders approach encrypt the underlying messages with pgp for other reason than precaution. 
255 from weeble march amyou can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
255 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
255 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email havent used the actual client which understand terrible resource hog have however used the bitmessage email gateway. 
255 bitmessage mail gateway. 
255 squirrelmail src login. 
255 phpmy security analysis bitmessage. 
255 org forum index. 
255 did not write this bitmessage security analysis. 
255 while the security afforded bitmessage may excellent youre still taking chance with. 
255 both parties communicating must use pgp protect their message traffic. 
255 axolotlbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
256 from axolotl march pmquote from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
256 axolotlsince sends two days worth all messages the system everyone and you need try decode each message see for you you could certainly argue that horribly inefficient. 
256 but that the price for privacy and good way achieve. 
257 axolotl realize anything new will need prove itself over time. 
257 personally cant imagine most people using pgp with bitmessage. 
257 something that just works what most people want. 
257 where just works means total anonymity and privacy without doing. 
258 from weeble march axolotl realize anything new will need prove itself over time. 
258 personally cant imagine most people using pgp with bitmessage. 
258 ive done and have the people ive corresponded with. 
258 from weeble march pmsomething that just works what most people want. 
258 where just works means total anonymity and privacy without doing anything special. 
258 bitmessage pans out maybe they will get their wish nor not. 
258 until then yawning chasm exists between what they want and what theyre going get. 
258 unfortunately for the most part ease use antithetical security. 
258 recent years have seen some sad examples hushmail and haystacks name just two. 
258 suspect that there are not inconsiderable number people who have done are doing hard time due the fact that they trusted hushmails fatally flawed security model. 
258 those people paid very dear price for ease use. 
258 from weeble march pmim not speaking for myself. 
258 software developer and have problem using the current tools but when you try explain them normals their eyes glaze over. 
258 only response these people would harsh one tell them get their heads out their asses wake and smell the coffee. 
258 there word which precisely describes people who refuse learn how things properly they are called prisoners convicts. 
259 just saw movie guess and piqued interest. 
259 remember seeing listings the old silk road for but never found out they were the real deal. 
259 wondering anyone has any experience getting them. 
260 wasn't able import the key you had posted until changed looked like some the lines crossed each other and had messed the key. 
261 good for you acidcat pgp must our world. 
262 think the small text boxes sometimes force the line length all wonky but the key should still work regardless how its fromatted. 
263 finally got things sorted out thank you guys for the help i'm just getting used pgp should have got the boat months ago. 
264 probably not many people use freebsd but you know somebody that does and they would like use their machine connect the darknet hope this will help. 
264 least helped friend mine and saved him several days work and studying bin tor exec script. 
264 tmp tmp printf. 
264 conftrap tmp tmp exit help echo usage requires pkg libevent pkg tor tor execution script starts root then drops user level. 
264 tor must installed with suid permissions chmod. 
264 conf must have user write permissions chmod since the user must able write this file before after executing tor. 
264 user must member the resolv. 
264 conf group since would very poor practice use permissions. 
264 libevent tor packages compile install perfectly with default. 
264 configure make make install make clean commands. 
264 default torrc location torrc required the top torrc dnsport. 
264 onion user logname datadirectory torrc help. 
264 exit torrc home logname. 
264 tor torrc see datadirectory. 
264 help echo opera web browser without encrypted home swap partitions. 
264 disable everything except animated images and cookies. 
264 under settings preferences advanced network proxy servers check manual socks. 
264 uncheck all others. 
264 under settings preferences advanced history addresses diskcache off tmp echo nameserver. 
264 tor torrc suid root then dropping uid. 
265 for freebsd geli hard drive encryption however you boot you want have these lines before fsck ing your startup init script encrypt your swap partition automatically password other things required but change the device file that your real swap partition necessary sbin geli onetime des dev ada sbin swapon dev ada. 
265 elito encrypt the partition with your home directories that you login you first need backup all data because you will need reformat the partition. 
265 again change the device file the appropriate file necessary geli init dev ada geli attach dev ada newfs dev ada. 
265 elifsck dev ada. 
265 elimount dev ada. 
265 eli homethe and lines above will need repeated after you have root login everytime you boot the machine. 
265 remove any automated mount for this partition from etc fstab. 
265 though the entire drive not encrypted all the important parts are. 
265 geli encryption does slow things down tad but its not noticable the average users machine. 
265 you may also want add the following any kernel configuration options geom part gptoptions geom elidevice crypto. 
266 for freebsd geli hard drive encryption however you boot you want have these lines before fsck ing your startup init script encrypt your swap partition automatically password other things required but change the device file that your real swap partition necessary sbin geli onetime des dev ada sbin swapon dev ada. 
266 elito encrypt the partition with your home directories that you login you first need backup all data because you will need reformat the partition. 
266 again change the device file the appropriate file necessary geli init dev ada geli attach dev ada newfs dev ada. 
266 elifsck dev ada. 
266 elimount dev ada. 
266 eli homethe and lines above will need repeated after you have root login everytime you boot the machine. 
266 remove any automated mount for this partition from etc fstab. 
266 though the entire drive not encrypted all the important parts are. 
266 geli encryption does slow things down tad but its not noticable the average users machine. 
266 you may also want add the following any kernel configuration options geom part gptoptions geom elidevice crypto. 
267 probably not many people use freebsd but you know somebody that does and they would like use their machine connect the darknet hope this will help. 
267 least helped friend mine and saved him several days work and studying bin tor exec script. 
267 tmp tmp printf. 
267 conftrap tmp tmp exit help echo usage requires pkg libevent pkg tor tor execution script starts root then drops user level. 
267 tor must installed with suid permissions chmod. 
267 conf must have user write permissions chmod since the user must able write this file before after executing tor. 
267 user must member the resolv. 
267 conf group since would very poor practice use permissions. 
267 libevent tor packages compile install perfectly with default. 
267 configure make make install make clean commands. 
267 default torrc location torrc required the top torrc dnsport. 
267 onion user logname datadirectory torrc help. 
267 exit torrc home logname. 
267 tor torrc see datadirectory. 
267 help echo opera web browser without encrypted home swap partitions. 
267 disable everything except animated images and cookies. 
267 under settings preferences advanced network proxy servers check manual socks. 
267 uncheck all others. 
267 under settings preferences advanced history addresses diskcache off tmp echo nameserver. 
267 tor torrc suid root then dropping uid. 
268 begin pgp signed message hash sha pub uid jesusofrave security driven provision bulk lsd mdma for the security concious connoisseur uid emergency email last resort tmg. 
269 from presidente january amupdate this post has been updated take into account current gnupg behavior and encryption sub key selection. 
269 are motivated post this recent post from the subject comments from hux nightcrawler and one two queries received the topic. 
269 that well thought out post here and would suggest worth read. 
269 php topic cannot find any step step instructions for rolling keys here the forum have put this post together. 
269 risk rationalethere risk attached the fact that over time can collect many messages all which are encrypted the same encryption sub key and all which can decrypted using single static pgp private key. 
269 the effect this data aggregation and lack key change significantly increase the impact key compromise. 
269 data retention practices have been poor for whatever reason historic data extractable then this problem can become very significant. 
269 counter measureswe are able counter the effects data aggregation some extent periodically changing rolling the encryption key and there are two obvious ways doing that throw away the old key and use new key perhaps signing the new key with the old prove that the key change legitimate and redistributeor keep the existing pgp key and identity but periodically change the encryption sub key and post will describe the option which useful where the keyholder wants keep their identity but still benefit from rolling encryption keys periodically. 
269 also useful when wanting increase key size while retaining your the original key identity. 
269 the period should short practically possible but remember that you will have make copy your new key available each time key expires choose something achievable like months. 
269 with month roll period you reduce your maximum exposure single key compromise worst case months. 
269 that means your key compromised adversary they will only have access maximum months encrypted data. 
269 most two encryption keys are stored the pgp key any one time provide overlap period and that why the maximum exposure month keys. 
269 most the time the exposure actually only months. 
269 the overall process fairly although requires discipline create your pgp public key you have not already configure your encryption sub key expire months time distribute your key months later month before the first sub key expires you must create additional encryption sub key set expire months time month later shortly after the first sub key expires you must delete. 
269 this will leave you with the single current encryption sub key again. 
269 back step warning once you have deleted encryption sub key anything you encrypted lost forever. 
269 the steps detailed below are primarily for linux users although they are applicable any reasonable version gnupg that incorporates the command line client gpg gpg. 
269 have used seahorse where possible relatively use for non technical users. 
269 initial key hash hardeningthe first step perform your key select stronger hashes default rather than sha. 
269 this not essential but recommended and one time process. 
269 you should complete these small steps from the command line execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter setpref sha sha sha sha aes aes aes cast zlib bzip zip uncompressed confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save using the example key shall use illustrate rolling encryption keys the above looks like this code select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
269 copyright free software foundation inc. 
269 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
269 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
269 secret key available. 
269 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires never usage ultimate. 
269 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
269 onion gpg setpref sha sha sha sha aes aes aes cast zlib bzip zip uncompressed set preference list cipher aes aes aes cast des digest sha sha sha sha sha compression zlib bzip zip uncompressed features mdc keyserver modifyreally update the preferences need passphrase unlock the secret key for user rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
269 onion bit rsa key created pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage ultimate. 
269 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
269 onion gpg save now actually set expiry and get your encryption sub keys rolling regular basis. 
269 provide two methods using seahorse simple gui using gpg the command line tool. 
269 key rolling using seahorsethe following steps illustrate how use seahorse gui based key management application create manage and maintain rolling encryption sub keys make sure you have copy your keypair your whole keyring before proceeding just case. 
269 download seahorse you dont already have this will make the job key maintenance easier think start seahorse and locate your key double click and click the details tab and locate the subkeys section. 
269 the bottom the tab section called subkeys here you can add remove and edit all keys easily. 
269 the top sub key listed the master key. 
269 will ignore that one your primary identity. 
269 the second key your encryption sub key this the sub key that are going edit and start roll periodically. 
269 select the second subkey hopefully the encryption subkey and click expire you have not yet set expire. 
269 the pop calendar unclick never expires and select date the future when you want the key expire let choose months the future. 
269 when done click change. 
269 you are done for now make sure works then delete that backup you took earlier and redistribute your public key. 
269 the main public key your identity will remain the same there little reason for anyone doubt the legitimacy the key change. 
269 the new key effectively signed does not necessarily need further explanation recipients. 
269 month before your encryption sub key expires time create replacement and redistribute follows. 
269 month before expiry fire seahorse. 
269 select your key double click and click the details tab navigating the sub keys section click add key add the next encryption sub key and select the following settings key type rsa encrypt only key length bit expiration date set this months from now redistribute your keya month later when your old encryption sub key expires you remove the expired key leaving you with the current key that you created above step. 
269 there need redistribute your key this stage. 
269 using seahorse again select your key double click and click the details tab the sub keys section select the now expired sub key and click delete now back above step month before the next key expires. 
269 this cycle repeats for the operational lifetime the key. 
269 key rolling using the gpg command line toolthe gpg command line tools provides the most granular control keys and usually accessible most systems. 
269 make sure you have copy your keypair your whole keyring before proceeding just case. 
269 execute gpg list key where your pgp keyid this point you should see output which shows the main public key and encryption sub key below code select user server gpg list keys pub uid rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
269 onion sub here see that the main key with pub listed before and following that see subkey with sub listed before. 
269 some you may only have single key shown this the case then you will first need add encryption sub key. 
269 execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter key this will select the subkey the prompt enter expire and when prompted enter for the time period months confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save you are done make sure works then delete that backup you took earlier and redistribute your public key. 
269 can apply the above steps our example key and would look like thiscode select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
269 copyright free software foundation inc. 
269 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
269 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
269 secret key available. 
269 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires never usage ultimate. 
269 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
269 onion gpg key pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires never usage ultimate. 
269 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
269 onion gpg expire changing expiration time for subkey. 
269 please specify how long the key should valid. 
269 key does not expire key expires days key expires weeks key expires months key expires years key valid for key expires mon apr bst this correct you need passphrase unlock the secret key for user rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
269 onion bit rsa key created pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage ultimate. 
269 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
269 onion gpg save you will notice that the encryption sub key now has expiry date three months from now. 
269 also note that using edit key shows you the key usage flags for the sub keys. 
269 means that the subkey for signing and means that the subkey for encryption. 
269 one month before your encryption sub key expires time add the next periods encryption sub key follows execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter addkey when prompted you should enter option which selects rsa encrypt only when prompted enter key length when prompted enter for the time period confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save you are done make sure works then delete that backup you took earlier and redistribute your public key. 
269 apply this our example key looks like this code select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
269 copyright free software foundation inc. 
269 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
269 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
269 secret key available. 
269 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage ultimate. 
269 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
269 onion gpg addkey key protected. 
269 you need passphrase unlock the secret key for user rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
269 onion bit rsa key created please select what kind key you want dsa sign only rsa sign only elgamal encrypt only rsa encrypt only your selection rsa keys may between and bits long. 
269 what keysize you want requested keysize bits please specify how long the key should valid. 
269 key does not expire key expires days key expires weeks key expires months key expires years key valid for key expires sun jun bst this correct really create need generate lot random bytes. 
269 good idea perform some other action type the keyboard move the mouse utilize the disks during the prime generation this gives the random number generator better chance gain enough entropy. 
269 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimate sub created expires usage sub created expires usage ultimate. 
269 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
269 onion gpg save now you have two encryption sub keys the first technically valid for the next month expiring april and the second which will valid for the next months will expiring june. 
269 there conflict here pgp software will default the newest encryption sub key and will automatically start using the new sub key. 
269 lets wind forward month when your current encryption sub key expires. 
269 you will remove the expired key leaving you with the new current key that you created earlier steps there need redistribute your key this point. 
269 the steps for this key deletion are execute gpg edit key where your pgp keyid the gpg prompt enter key this will select the now expired sub key the gpg prompt enter delkey confirm changes and when you are back the gpg prompt type save this key purge looks like this using our example key code select user server gpg edit key gpg gnupg. 
269 copyright free software foundation inc. 
269 this free software you are free change and redistribute. 
269 there warranty the extent permitted law. 
269 secret key available. 
269 pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimatesub created expired usage sub created expires usage ultimate. 
269 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
269 onion gpg key pub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimatesub created expired usage sub created expires usage ultimate. 
269 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
269 onion gpg delkeydo you really want delete this key ypub created expires never usage trust ultimate validity ultimatesub created expires usage ultimate. 
269 rollf keyz ein rollfz mein keyz. 
269 onion gpg savenow you will see that our original encryption sub key has gone. 
269 will longer possible use this pgp key recover any messages data encrypted that original encryption sub key. 
269 our current key due expire june and one month before this happens will generate new sub key per step. 
269 this cycle repeats for the operational lifetime the key and requires redistribute our key every months. 
269 remember though the actual key identity remains the same just the encryption sub key that changing. 
269 final noteit important purge any and all backups your key every time you roll the encryption sub keys otherwise there little point rolling encryption keys. 
269 you must aware that all data encrypted old and expired sub keys that you have deleted purged will not recoverable. 
269 this may seem daunting but certainly makes good sense from risk reduction perspective. 
269 using the seahorse method above relatively painless and may save your ass. 
270 you guys have just been added address book. 
270 expect call soon. 
271 vfe mail has hidden service. 
272 from willowsmom march amquote from blackstar march ammy withdrawals have been the standard hours lately. 
272 and use auto they are coming out all the time. 
272 sorry willow maybe support can sort you out. 
272 have had problems recently whatsoever began think that the weird blockchain stuff saw was some kind tumbling being implemented experimentally and after another nearly hour wait everything ended where was supposed. 
272 closed second ticket last night but today support got back ill copy paste sorry werent able reply before you closed the ticket. 
272 were the process changing our payment system increase security and make tracing btc more difficult. 
272 apologize for any delays resulting from this. 
272 also had one batch payments run two instances simultaneously several days ago which what you most likely noticed the form double payment sent you. 
272 that was one time issue and will not happen again and all accounts have been balanced after that. 
272 just for reference consider user and bitcoin safety our highest priority and having delayed and completely detached payment system keeps our system protected from number potential attacks that other markets have experienced. 
272 imo bsm continues have the best support the biz yay good hear. 
272 they are constantly making security updates. 
272 really gives positive vibes. 
272 not only that the site secure and very anonymous but that they wouldnt spend much time coding they were gonna just grab and run. 
272 really gives feeling stability. 
272 remember never made any noticable changes and didnt even fix the simple things like auto finalize this kept lot more money the site stolen and look what happened. 
272 bsm not like that all. 
273 for firefox android discovered. 
273 why use android all these days lol. 
273 com multiple firefox for. 
274 from rounded march pmthanks. 
274 wish would ship with all scripts disabled. 
274 one more thing does anyone know disable all scripts will that all disable java are there other steps need take set right. 
274 over silk road chemcat has thread which outlines which steps are necessary fully secure tbb quotechemcat global moderator hero member posts karma stand tall among the giants the silk road view profilekeeping your tor browser bundle updated yourself safe newbies read updated october newbies listen please. 
274 now you all should know that your safety stake when you become complacent and dont update the tbb. 
274 tor browser bundle will walk you. 
274 step step ensure that youve done things correctly once you have installed the latest newest version the tor browser bundle which this time version. 
274 the newest version. 
274 org tor package archive torbrowser. 
274 update always check couple times per week for new versions the tor browserbundle. 
274 create new folder install. 
274 not install the same folder not overwrite the files now. 
274 once youve done that click the then click options therein you will see some tabs the popup box. 
274 click embeddings and check forbid java forbid adobe flash forbid microsoft silverlight forbid other plugins forbid iframe then click appearance and uncheck the box next allow scripts globally dangerous. 
274 make sure that box unchecked then click also you can type about config into your browser then you will see search bar the top search for javascript. 
274 enabled and switch false its currently true also. 
274 dont forget click the forbid scripts globally after clicking the. 
274 hope this helps some you peace hugs you all chemcat axolotl. 
275 due slow sales evo have elected put account into vacation mode. 
275 this time you can find agora and bsm. 
275 should either these markets down will resume sales evo. 
276 hola drugees and drugettes damiel present here the hub and bluesky from time time. 
276 were lucky have blackstar and jules winnfield keeping this subforum alive and kicking. 
276 from wit march ami noticed that far the roll call only showing vendors. 
276 how many you mention the blue sky sub the hub your customers thing blue sky has forum and because the hub not affiliated anywhere its very unlikely that bsm owners will actively divert users here from their market site doubt many users even know exists. 
276 hey wit any idea why darknetmarkets doesnt link the hub cant see obvious conflict interest there. 
276 personally much more comfy posting vendor review. 
276 onion compared clearnet. 
277 guysyou can find referral links our signature below. 
278 from firelight march amvfe mail has hidden service. 
278 netvfe mail has been around since and now has their own way reducing metadata attached email. 
278 vfemails metadata mitigator automatically rewrites the from address the mail unique address for each email sent creating virtual forwarding boxes which renders the gathering and cataloging useless your real email address never shown. 
278 prevents the nsa any other eavesdropper from tracking your communications back you profiling your communications based email metadata information. 
278 only avilable for gold year platinum year accounts. 
278 you can also achieve the same level privacy concerning metadata just using lelantos mail lower cost. 
278 have added vfe mail the list. 
279 from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
280 sub expires the hubthread updatedforum profile updatedsr market updatedforum profile updatedforum thread updatedthe majestic gardenmarket not yet updatedforum thread updatedforum footer updated with link pgp thread agora not yet updated. 
281 wait this darknet service can darknet service ever audited. 
282 albert worked well for. 
283 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
283 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
283 bitmessage too new sounds good but whether holds the long run remains seen. 
283 use you want but were you take belt and suspenders approach encrypt the underlying messages with pgp for other reason than precaution. 
283 from weeble march amyou can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
283 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
283 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email havent used the actual client which understand terrible resource hog have however used the bitmessage email gateway. 
283 bitmessage mail gateway. 
283 squirrelmail src login. 
283 phpmy security analysis bitmessage. 
283 org forum index. 
283 did not write this bitmessage security analysis. 
283 while the security afforded bitmessage may excellent youre still taking chance with. 
283 both parties communicating must use pgp protect their message traffic. 
284 from axolotl march pmquote from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
284 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
284 bitmessage too new sounds good but whether holds the long run remains seen. 
284 use you want but were you take belt and suspenders approach encrypt the underlying messages with pgp for other reason than precaution. 
284 from weeble march amyou can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
284 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
284 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email havent used the actual client which understand terrible resource hog have however used the bitmessage email gateway. 
284 bitmessage mail gateway. 
284 squirrelmail src login. 
284 phpmy security analysis bitmessage. 
284 org forum index. 
284 did not write this bitmessage security analysis. 
284 while the security afforded bitmessage may excellent youre still taking chance with. 
284 both parties communicating must use pgp protect their message traffic. 
284 axolotlbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
285 from axolotl march pmquote from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
285 axolotlsince sends two days worth all messages the system everyone and you need try decode each message see for you you could certainly argue that horribly inefficient. 
285 but that the price for privacy and good way achieve. 
286 axolotl realize anything new will need prove itself over time. 
286 personally cant imagine most people using pgp with bitmessage. 
286 something that just works what most people want. 
286 where just works means total anonymity and privacy without doing. 
287 from weeble march axolotl realize anything new will need prove itself over time. 
287 personally cant imagine most people using pgp with bitmessage. 
287 ive done and have the people ive corresponded with. 
287 from weeble march pmsomething that just works what most people want. 
287 where just works means total anonymity and privacy without doing anything special. 
287 bitmessage pans out maybe they will get their wish nor not. 
287 until then yawning chasm exists between what they want and what theyre going get. 
287 unfortunately for the most part ease use antithetical security. 
287 recent years have seen some sad examples hushmail and haystacks name just two. 
287 suspect that there are not inconsiderable number people who have done are doing hard time due the fact that they trusted hushmails fatally flawed security model. 
287 those people paid very dear price for ease use. 
287 from weeble march pmim not speaking for myself. 
287 software developer and have problem using the current tools but when you try explain them normals their eyes glaze over. 
287 only response these people would harsh one tell them get their heads out their asses wake and smell the coffee. 
287 there word which precisely describes people who refuse learn how things properly they are called prisoners convicts. 
288 just saw movie guess and piqued interest. 
288 remember seeing listings the old silk road for but never found out they were the real deal. 
288 wondering anyone has any experience getting them. 
289 you guys have just been added address book. 
289 expect call soon. 
290 vfe mail has hidden service. 
291 from willowsmom march amquote from blackstar march ammy withdrawals have been the standard hours lately. 
291 and use auto they are coming out all the time. 
291 sorry willow maybe support can sort you out. 
291 have had problems recently whatsoever began think that the weird blockchain stuff saw was some kind tumbling being implemented experimentally and after another nearly hour wait everything ended where was supposed. 
291 closed second ticket last night but today support got back ill copy paste sorry werent able reply before you closed the ticket. 
291 were the process changing our payment system increase security and make tracing btc more difficult. 
291 apologize for any delays resulting from this. 
291 also had one batch payments run two instances simultaneously several days ago which what you most likely noticed the form double payment sent you. 
291 that was one time issue and will not happen again and all accounts have been balanced after that. 
291 just for reference consider user and bitcoin safety our highest priority and having delayed and completely detached payment system keeps our system protected from number potential attacks that other markets have experienced. 
291 imo bsm continues have the best support the biz yay good hear. 
291 they are constantly making security updates. 
291 really gives positive vibes. 
291 not only that the site secure and very anonymous but that they wouldnt spend much time coding they were gonna just grab and run. 
291 really gives feeling stability. 
291 remember never made any noticable changes and didnt even fix the simple things like auto finalize this kept lot more money the site stolen and look what happened. 
291 bsm not like that all. 
292 for firefox android discovered. 
292 why use android all these days lol. 
292 com multiple firefox for. 
293 from rounded march pmthanks. 
293 wish would ship with all scripts disabled. 
293 one more thing does anyone know disable all scripts will that all disable java are there other steps need take set right. 
293 over silk road chemcat has thread which outlines which steps are necessary fully secure tbb quotechemcat global moderator hero member posts karma stand tall among the giants the silk road view profilekeeping your tor browser bundle updated yourself safe newbies read updated october newbies listen please. 
293 now you all should know that your safety stake when you become complacent and dont update the tbb. 
293 tor browser bundle will walk you. 
293 step step ensure that youve done things correctly once you have installed the latest newest version the tor browser bundle which this time version. 
293 the newest version. 
293 org tor package archive torbrowser. 
293 update always check couple times per week for new versions the tor browserbundle. 
293 create new folder install. 
293 not install the same folder not overwrite the files now. 
293 once youve done that click the then click options therein you will see some tabs the popup box. 
293 click embeddings and check forbid java forbid adobe flash forbid microsoft silverlight forbid other plugins forbid iframe then click appearance and uncheck the box next allow scripts globally dangerous. 
293 make sure that box unchecked then click also you can type about config into your browser then you will see search bar the top search for javascript. 
293 enabled and switch false its currently true also. 
293 dont forget click the forbid scripts globally after clicking the. 
293 hope this helps some you peace hugs you all chemcat axolotl. 
294 due slow sales evo have elected put account into vacation mode. 
294 this time you can find agora and bsm. 
294 should either these markets down will resume sales evo. 
295 hola drugees and drugettes damiel present here the hub and bluesky from time time. 
295 were lucky have blackstar and jules winnfield keeping this subforum alive and kicking. 
295 from wit march ami noticed that far the roll call only showing vendors. 
295 how many you mention the blue sky sub the hub your customers thing blue sky has forum and because the hub not affiliated anywhere its very unlikely that bsm owners will actively divert users here from their market site doubt many users even know exists. 
295 hey wit any idea why darknetmarkets doesnt link the hub cant see obvious conflict interest there. 
295 personally much more comfy posting vendor review. 
295 onion compared clearnet. 
296 guysyou can find referral links our signature below. 
297 from firelight march amvfe mail has hidden service. 
297 netvfe mail has been around since and now has their own way reducing metadata attached email. 
297 vfemails metadata mitigator automatically rewrites the from address the mail unique address for each email sent creating virtual forwarding boxes which renders the gathering and cataloging useless your real email address never shown. 
297 prevents the nsa any other eavesdropper from tracking your communications back you profiling your communications based email metadata information. 
297 only avilable for gold year platinum year accounts. 
297 you can also achieve the same level privacy concerning metadata just using lelantos mail lower cost. 
297 have added vfe mail the list. 
298 from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
299 sub expires the hubthread updatedforum profile updatedsr market updatedforum profile updatedforum thread updatedthe majestic gardenmarket not yet updatedforum thread updatedforum footer updated with link pgp thread agora not yet updated. 
300 wait this darknet service can darknet service ever audited. 
301 albert worked well for. 
302 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
302 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
302 bitmessage too new sounds good but whether holds the long run remains seen. 
302 use you want but were you take belt and suspenders approach encrypt the underlying messages with pgp for other reason than precaution. 
302 from weeble march amyou can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
302 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
302 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email havent used the actual client which understand terrible resource hog have however used the bitmessage email gateway. 
302 bitmessage mail gateway. 
302 squirrelmail src login. 
302 phpmy security analysis bitmessage. 
302 org forum index. 
302 did not write this bitmessage security analysis. 
302 while the security afforded bitmessage may excellent youre still taking chance with. 
302 both parties communicating must use pgp protect their message traffic. 
303 from axolotl march pmquote from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
303 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
303 bitmessage too new sounds good but whether holds the long run remains seen. 
303 use you want but were you take belt and suspenders approach encrypt the underlying messages with pgp for other reason than precaution. 
303 from weeble march amyou can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
303 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
303 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email havent used the actual client which understand terrible resource hog have however used the bitmessage email gateway. 
303 bitmessage mail gateway. 
303 squirrelmail src login. 
303 phpmy security analysis bitmessage. 
303 org forum index. 
303 did not write this bitmessage security analysis. 
303 while the security afforded bitmessage may excellent youre still taking chance with. 
303 both parties communicating must use pgp protect their message traffic. 
303 axolotlbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
304 from axolotl march pmquote from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
304 axolotlsince sends two days worth all messages the system everyone and you need try decode each message see for you you could certainly argue that horribly inefficient. 
304 but that the price for privacy and good way achieve. 
305 axolotl realize anything new will need prove itself over time. 
305 personally cant imagine most people using pgp with bitmessage. 
305 something that just works what most people want. 
305 where just works means total anonymity and privacy without doing. 
306 from weeble march axolotl realize anything new will need prove itself over time. 
306 personally cant imagine most people using pgp with bitmessage. 
306 ive done and have the people ive corresponded with. 
306 from weeble march pmsomething that just works what most people want. 
306 where just works means total anonymity and privacy without doing anything special. 
306 bitmessage pans out maybe they will get their wish nor not. 
306 until then yawning chasm exists between what they want and what theyre going get. 
306 unfortunately for the most part ease use antithetical security. 
306 recent years have seen some sad examples hushmail and haystacks name just two. 
306 suspect that there are not inconsiderable number people who have done are doing hard time due the fact that they trusted hushmails fatally flawed security model. 
306 those people paid very dear price for ease use. 
306 from weeble march pmim not speaking for myself. 
306 software developer and have problem using the current tools but when you try explain them normals their eyes glaze over. 
306 only response these people would harsh one tell them get their heads out their asses wake and smell the coffee. 
306 there word which precisely describes people who refuse learn how things properly they are called prisoners convicts. 
307 addition whats already been said about encrypting stuff yourself you can also add hidden encrypt xlongkeyidhere your gpg. 
307 conf file all messages you send are automatically also encrypted you but without the key the recipient doesnt get confused. 
307 use that with most pgp messages can always back and read what ive written others. 
308 deer dunno maybe cause its damn sight more secure then fucking iphones this news might bother except java disabled and cookies history and cache are wiped exit all use for tor phone. 
309 thank you hou and axolotl good know because really like the intercept. 
309 using mac hence relatively safe. 
309 the other hand. 
309 because bought windows laptop about days ago just run tor. 
310 does anybody have any real news what going the exchanges reason why this. 
312 from pandorahope march pmi read the intercept magazine article and not sure true not could just phising website. 
312 org theintercept article nsa plans infect millions computers malware txsthe intercept most certainly not phishing website. 
312 the intercept media organization funded ebay founder pierre omidyar. 
312 omidyar approached glenn greenwald and other highly reputable reporters staff his new media organization. 
312 independent organization one that not reliant advertising for funding the intercept can write and publish what stories they like particularly those having with issues national interest which the mainstream media studiously avoids. 
313 all for anything that makes using strong crypto easier for the masses thats how gains adoption. 
313 youre worried about though reason you cant also use pgp. 
313 its not like adding extra crypto can hurt. 
314 php darkwallet roadmap months and this where their atquotebase wallet key management bip yes check. 
314 png receive yes check. 
314 png send yes check. 
314 png show history yes check. 
314 png looks like they almost have basic functioning wallet. 
314 updates their indigogo page says they will longer updating the project there and the above site which also features updates. 
314 com projects bitcoin dark wallet comments look these comments the only ones posted over the last three months johnfox said days agono update here either. 
314 anonymous contributor said days agodid not receive the backerit email max said days agonever received anything. 
314 haven gotten email from backerkit either. 
314 even sent email after the last update saying that should email didn get the backerkit link. 
314 didn receive reply about month. 
314 just nada don pomeroy said days agonever received shirt tom gorman said days agonever received the shirt but more importantly still darkwallet updates. 
314 whats happening team jesse rodgers said month agoalso wondering about perks happy contribute the campaign but was looking forward bitcoin magazine subscription. 
314 tried emailing once but haven heard anything. 
314 shouldr said month agowhat happening still have not heard from backerkit about claiming perk and been trying get touch with you guys for over week. 
314 osclark said month agoi with peter. 
314 wtf going heard nothing since this thing ended. 
314 trying join the btc market but want secure wallet. 
314 that was the whole idea right let get this thing going please. 
314 peter said month agohey guys whats with this project any news over month now since the campaign was funded estimated delivery for some perks was december and still not even update looking forward here some news from you cheersbut they have highly produced video and professionally designed website extolling all their fundementals. 
314 net usd and bitcoins raised piece quotenever received the shirt but more importantly still darkwallet updates. 
314 whats happening team jesse rodgers said month agoand didnt even get lousy shirt. 
315 onion vendor never tried buy from him but feedback looks good. 
316 want some too. 
317 considered this also. 
317 its why havent put link here yet. 
317 think would have subpenea have warrant get user details from the site individual basis. 
317 have check their privacy policy. 
318 read the intercept magazine article and not sure true not could just phising website. 
318 org theintercept article nsa plans infect millions computers malware txs. 
319 from evilgrin march pmlol. 
319 you can fake bitcoin transaction. 
319 but its not something lila and his ipad can accomplish. 
319 understanding you need have good the overall hash rate and able process whole blocks your own. 
319 you proccess block and somehow edit into saying you have have not sent btc certain address. 
319 can confirmed multiple times but the more confirmations needs the more processing power you need. 
319 sorry for the incredibly non technical explanation. 
319 havent read too far into. 
319 only have like processing power. 
319 that completely incorrect. 
319 nobody can fake bitcoin transaction. 
319 the most you can with attack slow transactions from being confirmed mine longer chain secret that you can undo confirmed transaction not mining your longer secret chain and then publishing your longer chain and effectively doing the transaction. 
319 but thats because the now official longer chain that transaction never happened only got mined into the now orphaned chain. 
319 thats the danger attack. 
319 you cannot fake bitcoin transactions. 
319 all bitcoin transactions are digitally signed the private key with the funds which means the message alice sends money bob cannot altered without invalidating the signature. 
320 onion are currently working for. 
321 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
321 also not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
322 here how works. 
322 let take alice bob carol and david. 
322 alice mines the coins herself. 
322 this her proof the coins existence. 
322 alice sends the coins from alice bob. 
322 order this alice has prove that she owns the coins she provides the transaction which shows she mined the coins then when sending the coins bob accepted the bitcoin network nodes. 
322 next bob wants send the coins carol. 
322 bob proves owns the coins providing the transaction that alice sent coins bob proof ownership then can send the coins carol and again should accepted the bitcoin network. 
322 then carol can send the coins david providing proof and forth. 
322 can fake bitcoins created yes and has been done before. 
322 quotetwo hackers have been arrested accused creating fake cache the bitcoin internet currency germany. 
322 police said they used the processing power linked hacked computers generate the bitcoins cryptography based digital currency. 
322 world news europe hackers arrested over fake bitcoins. 
322 htmlin other words they used botnet create them. 
322 how did they they falsely created blocks and broadcasted them the bitcoin network. 
322 the way that this works that every block the blockchain contains string transactions accepted the network. 
322 your job hacker create your own block including some real transactions and some false ones that pay you and have accepted the other miners before another miners block accepted. 
322 then whoever wins the race having their block accepted will have their block become part the blockchain. 
322 whenever there dispute between blocks the blockchain splits and the longest chain meaning the one with the most blocks wins and accepted. 
322 again this has been done before but getting more and more difficult this especially with the patches being released the bitcoin developers but you had enough computational power could done. 
322 just hope you over tor which will significantly reduce your chances getting your block into the longest chain but will also protect you from getting caught. 
322 very very very difficult. 
323 well its not like that wasnt the cards for few months now. 
323 russia out china out. 
323 will russia and china another crypto think they are allowed they banned bitcoin not cryptos. 
323 one thing you can never get real gauge watching those troll boxes. 
323 you want see real fud chucking take peek sometime. 
323 its hour show. 
323 like long since passed grand pappy used say. 
323 used say boy used say. 
323 boy dont you worry about the price coin will always rebound and excell itself every time. 
323 look again and its. 
324 from jules winnfield march ami really sincerely hope that when wake tomorrow and see coin price will say something the range. 
324 yeah like dream too jules. 
324 but that would about just right where need for the day isnt going happen. 
324 have odds sitting around ish upon waking. 
324 lets see who wins this duel. 
325 load qoinpros site and read what says the tab lol personally wouldnt trust anyone with cryptocurrency they cant even spell litecoin. 
325 also was thinking about this correct wrong but say signed for qoinpro account the clearnet using proper email address linked real name then posted unique referral link for others use sign for account darknet forum through tor under anonymous nym itd pretty easy for law enforcement and qoinpro trace the referral link left the nym back the identifiable email address used sign thus the nym. 
325 also anyone using that link sign the link being watched could potentially have their activity addresses watched seeing they obtained their link from the darknet they might worth watching. 
325 just speculating dont know much about the subject yet really could someone smarter than comment this please just thought before the onslaught referral links begins. 
326 deer dunno maybe cause its damn sight more secure then fucking iphones this news might bother except java disabled and cookies history and cache are wiped exit all use for tor phone. 
327 from pandorahope march pmi read the intercept magazine article and not sure true not could just phising website. 
327 org theintercept article nsa plans infect millions computers malware txsthe intercept most certainly not phishing website. 
327 the intercept media organization funded ebay founder pierre omidyar. 
327 omidyar approached glenn greenwald and other highly reputable reporters staff his new media organization. 
327 independent organization one that not reliant advertising for funding the intercept can write and publish what stories they like particularly those having with issues national interest which the mainstream media studiously avoids. 
328 onion are currently working for. 
329 load qoinpros site and read what says the tab lol personally wouldnt trust anyone with cryptocurrency they cant even spell litecoin. 
329 also was thinking about this correct wrong but say signed for qoinpro account the clearnet using proper email address linked real name then posted unique referral link for others use sign for account darknet forum through tor under anonymous nym itd pretty easy for law enforcement and qoinpro trace the referral link left the nym back the identifiable email address used sign thus the nym. 
329 also anyone using that link sign the link being watched could potentially have their activity addresses watched seeing they obtained their link from the darknet they might worth watching. 
329 just speculating dont know much about the subject yet really could someone smarter than comment this please just thought before the onslaught referral links begins. 
330 fellow hubbers there are some new pills town blue android pills mdma clearnet pictures. 
330 org image full these bitcoin succesors are being released the online offline markets soon. 
330 one two online vendors were able get our hands them first. 
330 remember that had the bitcoin pills first also vendor pandora agora with over successful transactions combinedhop one these markets and order your sample. 
330 other android listings are both markets. 
330 onion profile cagora profile. 
330 onion vendor amsterdam uplier dont forget check official review thread the pandora forums get familiar with feedback. 
330 regards amsterdam uplier. 
331 bump hurry there are still some samples left. 
332 from jules winnfield march ami dont see how the whole hedging thing would work any market. 
332 the rate coins volatability lately feel like loosing money vending. 
332 you may right. 
332 mean you pay small percentage for the option think. 
332 worked becasue they had huge bankroll and the coins were generally going for the lst year the market. 
332 hate how keeps dropping man. 
333 onion vendor never tried buy from him but feedback looks good. 
334 want some too. 
335 from evilgrin march pmlol. 
335 you can fake bitcoin transaction. 
335 but its not something lila and his ipad can accomplish. 
335 understanding you need have good the overall hash rate and able process whole blocks your own. 
335 you proccess block and somehow edit into saying you have have not sent btc certain address. 
335 can confirmed multiple times but the more confirmations needs the more processing power you need. 
335 sorry for the incredibly non technical explanation. 
335 havent read too far into. 
335 only have like processing power. 
335 that completely incorrect. 
335 nobody can fake bitcoin transaction. 
335 the most you can with attack slow transactions from being confirmed mine longer chain secret that you can undo confirmed transaction not mining your longer secret chain and then publishing your longer chain and effectively doing the transaction. 
335 but thats because the now official longer chain that transaction never happened only got mined into the now orphaned chain. 
335 thats the danger attack. 
335 you cannot fake bitcoin transactions. 
335 all bitcoin transactions are digitally signed the private key with the funds which means the message alice sends money bob cannot altered without invalidating the signature. 
336 there has been ton selling non stop for the past month. 
336 the market cant absorb that kind pressure. 
337 but isnt the people china who could make bitcoin huge what the banks cant speculate with. 
337 the people are the ones oppressed and trying fly under the radar. 
337 its also great way for them get paid for counterfiet merch which you all know china has bunch. 
337 same with russia the people russia will use tor and btc evade government facisim right think just will take some time for the infrastructure become solid and then will grow steadily. 
337 right sure hope haha. 
337 gotta put the thoughts and positive energy into the atmosphere. 
338 from jules winnfield march ami dont see how the whole hedging thing would work any market. 
338 the rate coins volatability lately feel like loosing money vending. 
338 you may right. 
338 mean you pay small percentage for the option think. 
338 worked becasue they had huge bankroll and the coins were generally going for the lst year the market. 
338 hate how keeps dropping man. 
339 php darkwallet roadmap months and this where their atquotebase wallet key management bip yes check. 
339 png receive yes check. 
339 png send yes check. 
339 png show history yes check. 
339 png looks like they almost have basic functioning wallet. 
339 updates their indigogo page says they will longer updating the project there and the above site which also features updates. 
339 com projects bitcoin dark wallet comments look these comments the only ones posted over the last three months johnfox said days agono update here either. 
339 anonymous contributor said days agodid not receive the backerit email max said days agonever received anything. 
339 haven gotten email from backerkit either. 
339 even sent email after the last update saying that should email didn get the backerkit link. 
339 didn receive reply about month. 
339 just nada don pomeroy said days agonever received shirt tom gorman said days agonever received the shirt but more importantly still darkwallet updates. 
339 whats happening team jesse rodgers said month agoalso wondering about perks happy contribute the campaign but was looking forward bitcoin magazine subscription. 
339 tried emailing once but haven heard anything. 
339 shouldr said month agowhat happening still have not heard from backerkit about claiming perk and been trying get touch with you guys for over week. 
339 osclark said month agoi with peter. 
339 wtf going heard nothing since this thing ended. 
339 trying join the btc market but want secure wallet. 
339 that was the whole idea right let get this thing going please. 
339 peter said month agohey guys whats with this project any news over month now since the campaign was funded estimated delivery for some perks was december and still not even update looking forward here some news from you cheersbut they have highly produced video and professionally designed website extolling all their fundementals. 
339 net usd and bitcoins raised piece quotenever received the shirt but more importantly still darkwallet updates. 
339 whats happening team jesse rodgers said month agoand didnt even get lousy shirt. 
340 onion are currently working for. 
341 load qoinpros site and read what says the tab lol personally wouldnt trust anyone with cryptocurrency they cant even spell litecoin. 
341 also was thinking about this correct wrong but say signed for qoinpro account the clearnet using proper email address linked real name then posted unique referral link for others use sign for account darknet forum through tor under anonymous nym itd pretty easy for law enforcement and qoinpro trace the referral link left the nym back the identifiable email address used sign thus the nym. 
341 also anyone using that link sign the link being watched could potentially have their activity addresses watched seeing they obtained their link from the darknet they might worth watching. 
341 just speculating dont know much about the subject yet really could someone smarter than comment this please just thought before the onslaught referral links begins. 
342 really sincerely hope that when wake tomorrow and see coin price will say something the range. 
343 dont see how the whole hedging thing would work any market. 
343 the rate coins volatability lately feel like loosing money vending. 
344 considered this also. 
344 its why havent put link here yet. 
344 think would have subpenea have warrant get user details from the site individual basis. 
344 have check their privacy policy. 
346 read the intercept magazine article and not sure true not could just phising website. 
346 org theintercept article nsa plans infect millions computers malware txs. 
347 thank you hou and axolotl good know because really like the intercept. 
347 using mac hence relatively safe. 
347 the other hand. 
347 because bought windows laptop about days ago just run tor. 
348 all for anything that makes using strong crypto easier for the masses thats how gains adoption. 
348 youre worried about though reason you cant also use pgp. 
348 its not like adding extra crypto can hurt. 
349 from pandorahope march pmi read the intercept magazine article and not sure true not could just phising website. 
349 org theintercept article nsa plans infect millions computers malware txsthe intercept most certainly not phishing website. 
349 the intercept media organization funded ebay founder pierre omidyar. 
349 omidyar approached glenn greenwald and other highly reputable reporters staff his new media organization. 
349 independent organization one that not reliant advertising for funding the intercept can write and publish what stories they like particularly those having with issues national interest which the mainstream media studiously avoids. 
350 from gazump march pmthanks for the input. 
350 tails looks interesting but i'm not that level paranoia atm. 
350 coinbase seems the way. 
350 reddit praises just don't like the idea linking bank account with something. 
350 kind want more secure way exchaning. 
350 anyone have experience with blockchain and hive are two current wallets. 
350 one online one hardware. 
350 think i'll stop that. 
350 coinbase legit and very easy use. 
350 waiting period sucks you don't have visa linked the account but its worth for convenience's sake imo. 
350 wouldn't worried about linking your bank account why would you trust any less than say paypal paypal much shadier company and admit have account linked them well. 
350 shit hits the fan there's legal recourse and due the nature bitcoin your purchases made with them will not issue. 
351 fellow hubbers there are some new pills town blue android pills mdma clearnet pictures. 
351 org image full these bitcoin succesors are being released the online offline markets soon. 
351 one two online vendors were able get our hands them first. 
351 remember that had the bitcoin pills first also vendor pandora agora with over successful transactions combinedhop one these markets and order your sample. 
351 other android listings are both markets. 
351 onion profile cagora profile. 
351 onion vendor amsterdam uplier dont forget check official review thread the pandora forums get familiar with feedback. 
351 regards amsterdam uplier. 
352 bump hurry there are still some samples left. 
353 php darkwallet roadmap months and this where their atquotebase wallet key management bip yes check. 
353 png receive yes check. 
353 png send yes check. 
353 png show history yes check. 
353 png looks like they almost have basic functioning wallet. 
353 updates their indigogo page says they will longer updating the project there and the above site which also features updates. 
353 com projects bitcoin dark wallet comments look these comments the only ones posted over the last three months johnfox said days agono update here either. 
353 anonymous contributor said days agodid not receive the backerit email max said days agonever received anything. 
353 haven gotten email from backerkit either. 
353 even sent email after the last update saying that should email didn get the backerkit link. 
353 didn receive reply about month. 
353 just nada don pomeroy said days agonever received shirt tom gorman said days agonever received the shirt but more importantly still darkwallet updates. 
353 whats happening team jesse rodgers said month agoalso wondering about perks happy contribute the campaign but was looking forward bitcoin magazine subscription. 
353 tried emailing once but haven heard anything. 
353 shouldr said month agowhat happening still have not heard from backerkit about claiming perk and been trying get touch with you guys for over week. 
353 osclark said month agoi with peter. 
353 wtf going heard nothing since this thing ended. 
353 trying join the btc market but want secure wallet. 
353 that was the whole idea right let get this thing going please. 
353 peter said month agohey guys whats with this project any news over month now since the campaign was funded estimated delivery for some perks was december and still not even update looking forward here some news from you cheersbut they have highly produced video and professionally designed website extolling all their fundementals. 
353 net usd and bitcoins raised piece quotenever received the shirt but more importantly still darkwallet updates. 
353 whats happening team jesse rodgers said month agoand didnt even get lousy shirt. 
354 does anybody have any real news what going the exchanges reason why this. 
355 fellow hubbers there are some new pills town blue android pills mdma clearnet pictures. 
355 org image full these bitcoin succesors are being released the online offline markets soon. 
355 one two online vendors were able get our hands them first. 
355 remember that had the bitcoin pills first also vendor pandora agora with over successful transactions combinedhop one these markets and order your sample. 
355 other android listings are both markets. 
355 onion profile cagora profile. 
355 onion vendor amsterdam uplier dont forget check official review thread the pandora forums get familiar with feedback. 
355 regards amsterdam uplier. 
356 from jules winnfield march ami dont see how the whole hedging thing would work any market. 
356 the rate coins volatability lately feel like loosing money vending. 
356 you may right. 
356 mean you pay small percentage for the option think. 
356 worked becasue they had huge bankroll and the coins were generally going for the lst year the market. 
356 hate how keeps dropping man. 
357 all for anything that makes using strong crypto easier for the masses thats how gains adoption. 
357 youre worried about though reason you cant also use pgp. 
357 its not like adding extra crypto can hurt. 
358 addition whats already been said about encrypting stuff yourself you can also add hidden encrypt xlongkeyidhere your gpg. 
358 conf file all messages you send are automatically also encrypted you but without the key the recipient doesnt get confused. 
358 use that with most pgp messages can always back and read what ive written others. 
359 there has been ton selling non stop for the past month. 
359 the market cant absorb that kind pressure. 
360 but isnt the people china who could make bitcoin huge what the banks cant speculate with. 
360 the people are the ones oppressed and trying fly under the radar. 
360 its also great way for them get paid for counterfiet merch which you all know china has bunch. 
360 same with russia the people russia will use tor and btc evade government facisim right think just will take some time for the infrastructure become solid and then will grow steadily. 
360 right sure hope haha. 
360 gotta put the thoughts and positive energy into the atmosphere. 
361 onion are currently working for. 
362 load qoinpros site and read what says the tab lol personally wouldnt trust anyone with cryptocurrency they cant even spell litecoin. 
362 also was thinking about this correct wrong but say signed for qoinpro account the clearnet using proper email address linked real name then posted unique referral link for others use sign for account darknet forum through tor under anonymous nym itd pretty easy for law enforcement and qoinpro trace the referral link left the nym back the identifiable email address used sign thus the nym. 
362 also anyone using that link sign the link being watched could potentially have their activity addresses watched seeing they obtained their link from the darknet they might worth watching. 
362 just speculating dont know much about the subject yet really could someone smarter than comment this please just thought before the onslaught referral links begins. 
363 really sincerely hope that when wake tomorrow and see coin price will say something the range. 
364 dont see how the whole hedging thing would work any market. 
364 the rate coins volatability lately feel like loosing money vending. 
365 from jules winnfield march ami dont see how the whole hedging thing would work any market. 
365 the rate coins volatability lately feel like loosing money vending. 
365 you may right. 
365 mean you pay small percentage for the option think. 
365 worked becasue they had huge bankroll and the coins were generally going for the lst year the market. 
365 hate how keeps dropping man. 
366 fellow hubbers there are some new pills town blue android pills mdma clearnet pictures. 
366 org image full these bitcoin succesors are being released the online offline markets soon. 
366 one two online vendors were able get our hands them first. 
366 remember that had the bitcoin pills first also vendor pandora agora with over successful transactions combinedhop one these markets and order your sample. 
366 other android listings are both markets. 
366 onion profile cagora profile. 
366 onion vendor amsterdam uplier dont forget check official review thread the pandora forums get familiar with feedback. 
366 regards amsterdam uplier. 
367 bump hurry there are still some samples left. 
368 really sincerely hope that when wake tomorrow and see coin price will say something the range. 
369 there has been ton selling non stop for the past month. 
369 the market cant absorb that kind pressure. 
370 but isnt the people china who could make bitcoin huge what the banks cant speculate with. 
370 the people are the ones oppressed and trying fly under the radar. 
370 its also great way for them get paid for counterfiet merch which you all know china has bunch. 
370 same with russia the people russia will use tor and btc evade government facisim right think just will take some time for the infrastructure become solid and then will grow steadily. 
370 right sure hope haha. 
370 gotta put the thoughts and positive energy into the atmosphere. 
371 they dont plan they already have its called windows. 
372 addition whats already been said about encrypting stuff yourself you can also add hidden encrypt xlongkeyidhere your gpg. 
372 conf file all messages you send are automatically also encrypted you but without the key the recipient doesnt get confused. 
372 use that with most pgp messages can always back and read what ive written others. 
373 here how works. 
373 let take alice bob carol and david. 
373 alice mines the coins herself. 
373 this her proof the coins existence. 
373 alice sends the coins from alice bob. 
373 order this alice has prove that she owns the coins she provides the transaction which shows she mined the coins then when sending the coins bob accepted the bitcoin network nodes. 
373 next bob wants send the coins carol. 
373 bob proves owns the coins providing the transaction that alice sent coins bob proof ownership then can send the coins carol and again should accepted the bitcoin network. 
373 then carol can send the coins david providing proof and forth. 
373 can fake bitcoins created yes and has been done before. 
373 quotetwo hackers have been arrested accused creating fake cache the bitcoin internet currency germany. 
373 police said they used the processing power linked hacked computers generate the bitcoins cryptography based digital currency. 
373 world news europe hackers arrested over fake bitcoins. 
373 htmlin other words they used botnet create them. 
373 how did they they falsely created blocks and broadcasted them the bitcoin network. 
373 the way that this works that every block the blockchain contains string transactions accepted the network. 
373 your job hacker create your own block including some real transactions and some false ones that pay you and have accepted the other miners before another miners block accepted. 
373 then whoever wins the race having their block accepted will have their block become part the blockchain. 
373 whenever there dispute between blocks the blockchain splits and the longest chain meaning the one with the most blocks wins and accepted. 
373 again this has been done before but getting more and more difficult this especially with the patches being released the bitcoin developers but you had enough computational power could done. 
373 just hope you over tor which will significantly reduce your chances getting your block into the longest chain but will also protect you from getting caught. 
373 very very very difficult. 
374 well its not like that wasnt the cards for few months now. 
374 russia out china out. 
374 will russia and china another crypto think they are allowed they banned bitcoin not cryptos. 
374 one thing you can never get real gauge watching those troll boxes. 
374 you want see real fud chucking take peek sometime. 
374 its hour show. 
374 like long since passed grand pappy used say. 
374 used say boy used say. 
374 boy dont you worry about the price coin will always rebound and excell itself every time. 
374 look again and its. 
375 from jules winnfield march ami really sincerely hope that when wake tomorrow and see coin price will say something the range. 
375 yeah like dream too jules. 
375 but that would about just right where need for the day isnt going happen. 
375 have odds sitting around ish upon waking. 
375 lets see who wins this duel. 
376 does anybody have any real news what going the exchanges reason why this. 
377 yeah it's going make paying for some things difficult for but this the nature bitcoin. 
377 it's quite annoying and expensive need buffer any amount buy account for changes the price but there's not really any better system. 
377 the price changes today were fairly big last recall it'd dropped about per coin clue what's causing the price plummet. 
378 wise words viking just makes feel like idiot not being able through with the original plans. 
379 had messaged vendor asking for order never replied now coins are worth. 
379 this has been long stressful day now when said vendor replies have ask for even smaller amount because how volatile the market right now. 
380 from acidcat march ami had messaged vendor asking for order never replied now coins are worth. 
380 this has been long stressful day now when said vendor replies have ask for even smaller amount because how volatile the market right now. 
380 hey brother this place more relaxed environment it's not like other marketplaces. 
380 you need place order instantly use marketplace because you lock price and that what the marketplace format for. 
380 vendors cannot predict the market and base their whole schedule accomdate constantly fluctuating currency. 
380 bitcoin would have doubled that time you wouldnt complaining about. 
380 but the beauty bitcoin that allows what with ease and security. 
380 just today lost probably lost someone's quarterly salary but i'm okay with that because know the risks involved. 
380 it's the nature the beast friend. 
381 bump hurry there are still some samples left. 
382 want some too. 
383 from evilgrin march pmlol. 
383 you can fake bitcoin transaction. 
383 but its not something lila and his ipad can accomplish. 
383 understanding you need have good the overall hash rate and able process whole blocks your own. 
383 you proccess block and somehow edit into saying you have have not sent btc certain address. 
383 can confirmed multiple times but the more confirmations needs the more processing power you need. 
383 sorry for the incredibly non technical explanation. 
383 havent read too far into. 
383 only have like processing power. 
383 that completely incorrect. 
383 nobody can fake bitcoin transaction. 
383 the most you can with attack slow transactions from being confirmed mine longer chain secret that you can undo confirmed transaction not mining your longer secret chain and then publishing your longer chain and effectively doing the transaction. 
383 but thats because the now official longer chain that transaction never happened only got mined into the now orphaned chain. 
383 thats the danger attack. 
383 you cannot fake bitcoin transactions. 
383 all bitcoin transactions are digitally signed the private key with the funds which means the message alice sends money bob cannot altered without invalidating the signature. 
384 they dont plan they already have its called windows. 
385 php darkwallet roadmap months and this where their atquotebase wallet key management bip yes check. 
385 png receive yes check. 
385 png send yes check. 
385 png show history yes check. 
385 png looks like they almost have basic functioning wallet. 
385 updates their indigogo page says they will longer updating the project there and the above site which also features updates. 
385 com projects bitcoin dark wallet comments look these comments the only ones posted over the last three months johnfox said days agono update here either. 
385 anonymous contributor said days agodid not receive the backerit email max said days agonever received anything. 
385 haven gotten email from backerkit either. 
385 even sent email after the last update saying that should email didn get the backerkit link. 
385 didn receive reply about month. 
385 just nada don pomeroy said days agonever received shirt tom gorman said days agonever received the shirt but more importantly still darkwallet updates. 
385 whats happening team jesse rodgers said month agoalso wondering about perks happy contribute the campaign but was looking forward bitcoin magazine subscription. 
385 tried emailing once but haven heard anything. 
385 shouldr said month agowhat happening still have not heard from backerkit about claiming perk and been trying get touch with you guys for over week. 
385 osclark said month agoi with peter. 
385 wtf going heard nothing since this thing ended. 
385 trying join the btc market but want secure wallet. 
385 that was the whole idea right let get this thing going please. 
385 peter said month agohey guys whats with this project any news over month now since the campaign was funded estimated delivery for some perks was december and still not even update looking forward here some news from you cheersbut they have highly produced video and professionally designed website extolling all their fundementals. 
385 net usd and bitcoins raised piece quotenever received the shirt but more importantly still darkwallet updates. 
385 whats happening team jesse rodgers said month agoand didnt even get lousy shirt. 
386 onion are currently working for. 
387 load qoinpros site and read what says the tab lol personally wouldnt trust anyone with cryptocurrency they cant even spell litecoin. 
387 also was thinking about this correct wrong but say signed for qoinpro account the clearnet using proper email address linked real name then posted unique referral link for others use sign for account darknet forum through tor under anonymous nym itd pretty easy for law enforcement and qoinpro trace the referral link left the nym back the identifiable email address used sign thus the nym. 
387 also anyone using that link sign the link being watched could potentially have their activity addresses watched seeing they obtained their link from the darknet they might worth watching. 
387 just speculating dont know much about the subject yet really could someone smarter than comment this please just thought before the onslaught referral links begins. 
388 really sincerely hope that when wake tomorrow and see coin price will say something the range. 
389 dont see how the whole hedging thing would work any market. 
389 the rate coins volatability lately feel like loosing money vending. 
390 considered this also. 
390 its why havent put link here yet. 
390 think would have subpenea have warrant get user details from the site individual basis. 
390 have check their privacy policy. 
392 read the intercept magazine article and not sure true not could just phising website. 
392 org theintercept article nsa plans infect millions computers malware txs. 
393 thank you hou and axolotl good know because really like the intercept. 
393 using mac hence relatively safe. 
393 the other hand. 
393 because bought windows laptop about days ago just run tor. 
394 all for anything that makes using strong crypto easier for the masses thats how gains adoption. 
394 youre worried about though reason you cant also use pgp. 
394 its not like adding extra crypto can hurt. 
395 from pandorahope march pmi read the intercept magazine article and not sure true not could just phising website. 
395 org theintercept article nsa plans infect millions computers malware txsthe intercept most certainly not phishing website. 
395 the intercept media organization funded ebay founder pierre omidyar. 
395 omidyar approached glenn greenwald and other highly reputable reporters staff his new media organization. 
395 independent organization one that not reliant advertising for funding the intercept can write and publish what stories they like particularly those having with issues national interest which the mainstream media studiously avoids. 
396 from gazump march pmthanks for the input. 
396 tails looks interesting but i'm not that level paranoia atm. 
396 coinbase seems the way. 
396 reddit praises just don't like the idea linking bank account with something. 
396 kind want more secure way exchaning. 
396 anyone have experience with blockchain and hive are two current wallets. 
396 one online one hardware. 
396 think i'll stop that. 
396 coinbase legit and very easy use. 
396 waiting period sucks you don't have visa linked the account but its worth for convenience's sake imo. 
396 wouldn't worried about linking your bank account why would you trust any less than say paypal paypal much shadier company and admit have account linked them well. 
396 shit hits the fan there's legal recourse and due the nature bitcoin your purchases made with them will not issue. 
397 fellow hubbers there are some new pills town blue android pills mdma clearnet pictures. 
397 org image full these bitcoin succesors are being released the online offline markets soon. 
397 one two online vendors were able get our hands them first. 
397 remember that had the bitcoin pills first also vendor pandora agora with over successful transactions combinedhop one these markets and order your sample. 
397 other android listings are both markets. 
397 onion profile cagora profile. 
397 onion vendor amsterdam uplier dont forget check official review thread the pandora forums get familiar with feedback. 
397 regards amsterdam uplier. 
398 bump hurry there are still some samples left. 
399 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
399 also not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
400 they dont plan they already have its called windows. 
401 addition whats already been said about encrypting stuff yourself you can also add hidden encrypt xlongkeyidhere your gpg. 
401 conf file all messages you send are automatically also encrypted you but without the key the recipient doesnt get confused. 
401 use that with most pgp messages can always back and read what ive written others. 
402 deer dunno maybe cause its damn sight more secure then fucking iphones this news might bother except java disabled and cookies history and cache are wiped exit all use for tor phone. 
403 here how works. 
403 let take alice bob carol and david. 
403 alice mines the coins herself. 
403 this her proof the coins existence. 
403 alice sends the coins from alice bob. 
403 order this alice has prove that she owns the coins she provides the transaction which shows she mined the coins then when sending the coins bob accepted the bitcoin network nodes. 
403 next bob wants send the coins carol. 
403 bob proves owns the coins providing the transaction that alice sent coins bob proof ownership then can send the coins carol and again should accepted the bitcoin network. 
403 then carol can send the coins david providing proof and forth. 
403 can fake bitcoins created yes and has been done before. 
403 quotetwo hackers have been arrested accused creating fake cache the bitcoin internet currency germany. 
403 police said they used the processing power linked hacked computers generate the bitcoins cryptography based digital currency. 
403 world news europe hackers arrested over fake bitcoins. 
403 htmlin other words they used botnet create them. 
403 how did they they falsely created blocks and broadcasted them the bitcoin network. 
403 the way that this works that every block the blockchain contains string transactions accepted the network. 
403 your job hacker create your own block including some real transactions and some false ones that pay you and have accepted the other miners before another miners block accepted. 
403 then whoever wins the race having their block accepted will have their block become part the blockchain. 
403 whenever there dispute between blocks the blockchain splits and the longest chain meaning the one with the most blocks wins and accepted. 
403 again this has been done before but getting more and more difficult this especially with the patches being released the bitcoin developers but you had enough computational power could done. 
403 just hope you over tor which will significantly reduce your chances getting your block into the longest chain but will also protect you from getting caught. 
403 very very very difficult. 
404 well its not like that wasnt the cards for few months now. 
404 russia out china out. 
404 will russia and china another crypto think they are allowed they banned bitcoin not cryptos. 
404 one thing you can never get real gauge watching those troll boxes. 
404 you want see real fud chucking take peek sometime. 
404 its hour show. 
404 like long since passed grand pappy used say. 
404 used say boy used say. 
404 boy dont you worry about the price coin will always rebound and excell itself every time. 
404 look again and its. 
405 from jules winnfield march ami really sincerely hope that when wake tomorrow and see coin price will say something the range. 
405 yeah like dream too jules. 
405 but that would about just right where need for the day isnt going happen. 
405 have odds sitting around ish upon waking. 
405 lets see who wins this duel. 
406 does anybody have any real news what going the exchanges reason why this. 
408 read the intercept magazine article and not sure true not could just phising website. 
408 org theintercept article nsa plans infect millions computers malware txs. 
409 thank you hou and axolotl good know because really like the intercept. 
409 using mac hence relatively safe. 
409 the other hand. 
409 because bought windows laptop about days ago just run tor. 
410 all for anything that makes using strong crypto easier for the masses thats how gains adoption. 
410 youre worried about though reason you cant also use pgp. 
410 its not like adding extra crypto can hurt. 
411 from pandorahope march pmi read the intercept magazine article and not sure true not could just phising website. 
411 org theintercept article nsa plans infect millions computers malware txsthe intercept most certainly not phishing website. 
411 the intercept media organization funded ebay founder pierre omidyar. 
411 omidyar approached glenn greenwald and other highly reputable reporters staff his new media organization. 
411 independent organization one that not reliant advertising for funding the intercept can write and publish what stories they like particularly those having with issues national interest which the mainstream media studiously avoids. 
412 from gazump march pmthanks for the input. 
412 tails looks interesting but i'm not that level paranoia atm. 
412 coinbase seems the way. 
412 reddit praises just don't like the idea linking bank account with something. 
412 kind want more secure way exchaning. 
412 anyone have experience with blockchain and hive are two current wallets. 
412 one online one hardware. 
412 think i'll stop that. 
412 coinbase legit and very easy use. 
412 waiting period sucks you don't have visa linked the account but its worth for convenience's sake imo. 
412 wouldn't worried about linking your bank account why would you trust any less than say paypal paypal much shadier company and admit have account linked them well. 
412 shit hits the fan there's legal recourse and due the nature bitcoin your purchases made with them will not issue. 
413 fellow hubbers there are some new pills town blue android pills mdma clearnet pictures. 
413 org image full these bitcoin succesors are being released the online offline markets soon. 
413 one two online vendors were able get our hands them first. 
413 remember that had the bitcoin pills first also vendor pandora agora with over successful transactions combinedhop one these markets and order your sample. 
413 other android listings are both markets. 
413 onion profile cagora profile. 
413 onion vendor amsterdam uplier dont forget check official review thread the pandora forums get familiar with feedback. 
413 regards amsterdam uplier. 
414 bump hurry there are still some samples left. 
415 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
415 also not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
416 they dont plan they already have its called windows. 
417 addition whats already been said about encrypting stuff yourself you can also add hidden encrypt xlongkeyidhere your gpg. 
417 conf file all messages you send are automatically also encrypted you but without the key the recipient doesnt get confused. 
417 use that with most pgp messages can always back and read what ive written others. 
418 deer dunno maybe cause its damn sight more secure then fucking iphones this news might bother except java disabled and cookies history and cache are wiped exit all use for tor phone. 
419 here how works. 
419 let take alice bob carol and david. 
419 alice mines the coins herself. 
419 this her proof the coins existence. 
419 alice sends the coins from alice bob. 
419 order this alice has prove that she owns the coins she provides the transaction which shows she mined the coins then when sending the coins bob accepted the bitcoin network nodes. 
419 next bob wants send the coins carol. 
419 bob proves owns the coins providing the transaction that alice sent coins bob proof ownership then can send the coins carol and again should accepted the bitcoin network. 
419 then carol can send the coins david providing proof and forth. 
419 can fake bitcoins created yes and has been done before. 
419 quotetwo hackers have been arrested accused creating fake cache the bitcoin internet currency germany. 
419 police said they used the processing power linked hacked computers generate the bitcoins cryptography based digital currency. 
419 world news europe hackers arrested over fake bitcoins. 
419 htmlin other words they used botnet create them. 
419 how did they they falsely created blocks and broadcasted them the bitcoin network. 
419 the way that this works that every block the blockchain contains string transactions accepted the network. 
419 your job hacker create your own block including some real transactions and some false ones that pay you and have accepted the other miners before another miners block accepted. 
419 then whoever wins the race having their block accepted will have their block become part the blockchain. 
419 whenever there dispute between blocks the blockchain splits and the longest chain meaning the one with the most blocks wins and accepted. 
419 again this has been done before but getting more and more difficult this especially with the patches being released the bitcoin developers but you had enough computational power could done. 
419 just hope you over tor which will significantly reduce your chances getting your block into the longest chain but will also protect you from getting caught. 
419 very very very difficult. 
420 well its not like that wasnt the cards for few months now. 
420 russia out china out. 
420 will russia and china another crypto think they are allowed they banned bitcoin not cryptos. 
420 one thing you can never get real gauge watching those troll boxes. 
420 you want see real fud chucking take peek sometime. 
420 its hour show. 
420 like long since passed grand pappy used say. 
420 used say boy used say. 
420 boy dont you worry about the price coin will always rebound and excell itself every time. 
420 look again and its. 
421 from jules winnfield march ami really sincerely hope that when wake tomorrow and see coin price will say something the range. 
421 yeah like dream too jules. 
421 but that would about just right where need for the day isnt going happen. 
421 have odds sitting around ish upon waking. 
421 lets see who wins this duel. 
422 does anybody have any real news what going the exchanges reason why this. 
423 from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
423 prepare get shit friend. 
424 from axolotl march amquote from evilgrin march amquote from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
424 prepare get shit friend. 
424 thought that was mirages schtick. 
424 axolotlive heard many users other than mirage and the shills say and give evedence supporting that apple computers come pre backdoored. 
424 their privacy policy isnt pretty and they are big computer company without evidence still assume their shit was backdoored. 
425 would the btc method actually work seems like that would interesting way lose the link while making some easy profit the same time. 
426 from dumpsterbaby march pmany updates bad. 
426 didnt get post update. 
426 yes were back open new registrations now. 
427 from trolltergeist march amawesome job. 
427 love whatcha done far. 
427 keep the good work. 
427 the mass migration does have concerned. 
427 sure can handled responsibly. 
427 good thing signed months ago cheers mate and good hear words encouragment from you sir besides you got reasons worried the mass migrations open the flood gates when doubly sure got things control. 
428 that the same amir that scammed loads people with his other sites like intersango etc. 
429 from ofl pwmolzg march ami love bitmessage. 
429 all for anything that makes using strong crypto easier for the masses thats how gains adoption. 
429 youre worried about though reason you cant also use pgp. 
429 its not like adding extra crypto can hurt. 
430 from evilgrin march amquote from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
430 prepare get shit friend. 
430 thought that was mirages schtick. 
431 there zero chance its scam. 
431 amir heading itll way late and have communication like whats going now. 
431 but does actually good code. 
431 seriously look the team behind. 
431 not just cody and amir but everybody. 
431 its big name people with reputation the bitcoin world. 
431 theres chance its scam. 
432 people paid for things like shirts and magazine subscriptions and they have not delivered months how that not scam. 
433 but you had the guys private key and could get his public key then wouldnt you have all the information there needed decrypt the message manually you would able figure out what each letter the message had been encoded the pgp program. 
433 would very surprised didnt have least that capability. 
433 fact thought that was the very reason why you are told safeguard your private key much. 
434 maybe someone could also review shared coin its opensource and totally free. 
434 works only you have blockchain wallet. 
435 from playground march completely agree. 
435 you use buy things for other applications. 
435 military whatever man. 
436 from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
436 you are claiming that the bitmessage guys are speed freaks. 
437 word warning putting series amounts into account that are all just short the reporting limit will also get picked sooner later suspicious. 
437 pretty obvious after while when account constantly having deposited into frequently that the owner trying avoid the reporting limit. 
437 try regularly putting around and thousand amounts and even some hundred amounts too. 
437 lots varying amounts best. 
438 from guardian march amso test kits would not approved item since not listed reading that correctly think can safely say test kits would. 
438 well known test kits. 
438 not something you make. 
439 glad have you but please read. 
440 hello dark net friends pleasure with you all. 
440 are exploring majestic garden possible vendor account. 
440 you will find many locations. 
440 have experience buyers and vendors. 
440 have witnessed many highs and lows the dark market. 
440 are here offer items make your experience little safer. 
440 are inspired the dark markets and want you safe. 
440 will never sell illegal items. 
440 not sell for profit. 
440 charge product cost shipping vendor fees. 
440 our mission safety will listing more products the near future will working becoming available every market soon possible. 
440 please are here for suggestions and answer questions. 
440 current offers lsd nik test amphetamines nik testfuture offers mdma test kitspossible future items sterile. 
441 test kits would not approved item since not listed reading that correctly. 
442 these are factory nik reagent tests. 
442 they will sold cost. 
442 there enough interest will follow your vendor thread directions. 
443 only shipping continental usa begin. 
443 are technically shipping small amount hazardous material the test itself contains some liquid. 
443 personally hope can one day ship world wide will take some more finesse that point want sure sell these the lowest cost possible without going the negative. 
443 with world wide shipping this becomes more complicated. 
443 are also going limit item per customer per days. 
443 feared not doing this may open the possibility vendors purchasing majority them and also want reach many people possible make hopefully save someone from being put possible dangerous situation. 
443 will putting them once have followed the moderators rules here. 
443 are running into many roadblocks with rules other markets bare with for few days want ensure dont break and rules and can help many people possible all the while being good member the community. 
443 personal matter this something that very important and something that very important. 
443 have huge sense community and have also seen first hand what can happen when someone falls the victim greed. 
443 for the time being these chemicals are not made clean pfizer lab. 
443 they are often made sheds barns sewers and god knows where god knows who with god knows what materials. 
443 all this with the intention get rich any means necessary. 
443 taking few hours week out week help people experiencing their own conscious little safer that better than any drug will ever experience. 
443 stay safe guardian. 
444 agora under attack from bunch children that dont want any competition. 
444 why are you prices high. 
445 from nick cotton march pmbut you had the guys private key and could get his public key then wouldnt you have all the information there needed decrypt the message manually you dont need the public key decrypt the message just the private key and the password symmetrically decrypt. 
446 have analysed sharedcoin and can say that there are multiple privacy anonymity issues. 
446 will mix your coins but not very anonymous. 
446 there are fail points where anonymity can disclosed. 
446 dont recommend using. 
446 personally use bitmixer. 
446 fee and been around for while trustworthy. 
447 tried out electrum few weeks ago and was impressed wasnt sure about using with tor but this looks promising wanted use electrum portable. 
447 for windows usb drive what network settings would need change order for work safely alongside tor thanks advance. 
448 read through the privacy policy earlier before posting its not all reassuring. 
448 and considering what happened with safe mail not long ago this could dangerous. 
449 from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
449 prepare get shit friend. 
450 from axolotl march amquote from evilgrin march amquote from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
450 prepare get shit friend. 
450 thought that was mirages schtick. 
450 axolotlive heard many users other than mirage and the shills say and give evedence supporting that apple computers come pre backdoored. 
450 their privacy policy isnt pretty and they are big computer company without evidence still assume their shit was backdoored. 
451 from evilgrin march amquote from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
451 prepare get shit friend. 
451 thought that was mirages schtick. 
452 from mike march amagora pandora much rather take business agora. 
452 pandora has support and wont let withdraw. 
452 agoras had the crowd until they they went down like limp dick and never got back again from the ddos and theyve had security leaks posted various forums and reddit. 
452 avoid them they are scam central and likely the next market houdini. 
452 from march pmare they still having withdrawal problems thinking listing there well. 
452 how you guys like far personally think that would unwise. 
452 the forums overloaded with angry and upset users not post from staff since the alleged hack and everyone having had all their withdrawal blocked has lead trust them anymore. 
452 one putting single penny cos they never see back and vendors never get them. 
452 with outrageous fees people have moved other markets and glad didnt lose any but came this close cant blame their users for losing trust once burnt twice shy they say. 
453 are they still having withdrawal problems thinking listing there well. 
453 how you guys like far. 
454 read through the privacy policy earlier before posting its not all reassuring. 
454 and considering what happened with safe mail not long ago this could dangerous. 
455 youre going open bank account with fake make sure you buy from one who offers microprint like mrreplicator. 
455 sounds obvious but lot the well known vendors sell pretty shitty product. 
456 that the same amir that scammed loads people with his other sites like intersango etc. 
457 from nick cotton march pmbut you had the guys private key and could get his public key then wouldnt you have all the information there needed decrypt the message manually you dont need the public key decrypt the message just the private key and the password symmetrically decrypt. 
458 there zero chance its scam. 
458 amir heading itll way late and have communication like whats going now. 
458 but does actually good code. 
458 seriously look the team behind. 
458 not just cody and amir but everybody. 
458 its big name people with reputation the bitcoin world. 
458 theres chance its scam. 
459 people paid for things like shirts and magazine subscriptions and they have not delivered months how that not scam. 
460 anyone care share the link for good laugh. 
460 yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
461 read through the privacy policy earlier before posting its not all reassuring. 
461 and considering what happened with safe mail not long ago this could dangerous. 
462 read online article yesterday something about mtgox finding btc that were lost. 
462 thought china was already out the btc game. 
463 from trc march amso russia out china out. 
463 will russia and china another crypto international intrigue grandfather always looked horse the mouth before trading for. 
463 then would always handy case needed get its attention. 
464 thinking its various things. 
464 what you said about china has tad bit with. 
464 bitcoin sales being taxed the usa websites the clear and hidden net being attacked. 
464 negative media which influences peoples choices regardless the news being fud not. 
464 its spring summer fall time lots heads the usa and are festival mode meaning their sourcing drugs elsewhere hidden markets are kind slow. 
464 although may look like sales are increasing blue agora pandora and maybe even the new ones that has more probably with people trying dump the bitcoins for other liquidatable goods before the bitcoins theyre holding loose value. 
464 passing the bag off speak. 
464 believe huge portion bitcoin holders use for illegal activity more than the bitcoin community wants admit. 
464 many top vendors that would bring massive increase and profits hidden markets and also increase the demand for bitcoins have gone under the radar dealing exclusively through emails and possibly dumping the need for bitcoin. 
464 wont ever know for sure that matter. 
464 there also the matter that the feds and mtgox might start dumping many bitcoins andd the market saturated speak there definetly enough supply for the demand driving the price down. 
464 competition with them holding that many coins motherfucker. 
464 then you have the miner pools which need dump enough pay for their efforts mining. 
464 will when becomes way expensive for even the mining pools produce them. 
465 fakers are takers. 
466 why not keep your shop open and have your vendor name seen the market still small but which market wasnt the beginning time people will learn about evolution and will migrate for sure. 
466 yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
467 from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
467 you are claiming that the bitmessage guys are speed freaks. 
468 would the btc method actually work seems like that would interesting way lose the link while making some easy profit the same time. 
469 have analysed sharedcoin and can say that there are multiple privacy anonymity issues. 
469 will mix your coins but not very anonymous. 
469 there are fail points where anonymity can disclosed. 
469 dont recommend using. 
469 personally use bitmixer. 
469 fee and been around for while trustworthy. 
470 from trolltergeist march amawesome job. 
470 love whatcha done far. 
470 keep the good work. 
470 the mass migration does have concerned. 
470 sure can handled responsibly. 
470 good thing signed months ago cheers mate and good hear words encouragment from you sir besides you got reasons worried the mass migrations open the flood gates when doubly sure got things control. 
471 from dumpsterbaby march pmany updates bad. 
471 didnt get post update. 
471 yes were back open new registrations now. 
472 from nick cotton march pmbut you had the guys private key and could get his public key then wouldnt you have all the information there needed decrypt the message manually you dont need the public key decrypt the message just the private key and the password symmetrically decrypt. 
473 from mike march amagora pandora much rather take business agora. 
473 pandora has support and wont let withdraw. 
473 agoras had the crowd until they they went down like limp dick and never got back again from the ddos and theyve had security leaks posted various forums and reddit. 
473 avoid them they are scam central and likely the next market houdini. 
473 from march pmare they still having withdrawal problems thinking listing there well. 
473 how you guys like far personally think that would unwise. 
473 the forums overloaded with angry and upset users not post from staff since the alleged hack and everyone having had all their withdrawal blocked has lead trust them anymore. 
473 one putting single penny cos they never see back and vendors never get them. 
473 with outrageous fees people have moved other markets and glad didnt lose any but came this close cant blame their users for losing trust once burnt twice shy they say. 
474 are they still having withdrawal problems thinking listing there well. 
474 how you guys like far. 
475 after all the crap with pandora market not over black bank market. 
475 the market amazing and have some great vendors over there well. 
476 from evilgrin march amquote from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
476 prepare get shit friend. 
476 thought that was mirages schtick. 
477 tried out electrum few weeks ago and was impressed wasnt sure about using with tor but this looks promising wanted use electrum portable. 
477 for windows usb drive what network settings would need change order for work safely alongside tor thanks advance. 
478 that the same amir that scammed loads people with his other sites like intersango etc. 
479 word warning putting series amounts into account that are all just short the reporting limit will also get picked sooner later suspicious. 
479 pretty obvious after while when account constantly having deposited into frequently that the owner trying avoid the reporting limit. 
479 try regularly putting around and thousand amounts and even some hundred amounts too. 
479 lots varying amounts best. 
480 need another way get btc annonamusly besides localbitcoins. 
480 its usually like markup and that just blows. 
480 have couple ideas for getting cheap bitcoin annonamously but nothing solid yet. 
480 maybe you guys can help. 
480 i'd love able trade btc and some the smaller exchanges. 
480 but they all require. 
480 the good thing you can send them fake docs and still get account think. 
480 what i'm thinking get account with fake docs btc but i'm loss how get cash into the account. 
480 i've explored all the deposit options and havent' been able get any work for yet usa. 
480 anyone know where buy perfect money cards the usa another way i've seen the bitcointalk forums some people there will cash the mail for pretty good price. 
480 but finding trusted vendors bit tough. 
480 i'd love find someone local that would trade market rate but unfortunately one local bitcoins willing. 
481 the advantage with btc that you can load cash into your account then instant buy when you need them the price you are actually quoted vendor. 
481 currently i'm going through all the different methods the btc wiki see what's going easiest. 
481 there one guy there where you can use greendot money packs and anonymously markup from btc. 
481 they have the agora logo their site with link whatever that means. 
481 com used perfect until all the banks stopped allowing cash deposits into accounts that are not your own. 
482 only shipping continental usa begin. 
482 are technically shipping small amount hazardous material the test itself contains some liquid. 
482 personally hope can one day ship world wide will take some more finesse that point want sure sell these the lowest cost possible without going the negative. 
482 with world wide shipping this becomes more complicated. 
482 are also going limit item per customer per days. 
482 feared not doing this may open the possibility vendors purchasing majority them and also want reach many people possible make hopefully save someone from being put possible dangerous situation. 
482 will putting them once have followed the moderators rules here. 
482 are running into many roadblocks with rules other markets bare with for few days want ensure dont break and rules and can help many people possible all the while being good member the community. 
482 personal matter this something that very important and something that very important. 
482 have huge sense community and have also seen first hand what can happen when someone falls the victim greed. 
482 for the time being these chemicals are not made clean pfizer lab. 
482 they are often made sheds barns sewers and god knows where god knows who with god knows what materials. 
482 all this with the intention get rich any means necessary. 
482 taking few hours week out week help people experiencing their own conscious little safer that better than any drug will ever experience. 
482 stay safe guardian. 
483 these are factory nik reagent tests. 
483 they will sold cost. 
483 there enough interest will follow your vendor thread directions. 
484 test kits would not approved item since not listed reading that correctly. 
485 hello dark net friends pleasure with you all. 
485 are exploring majestic garden possible vendor account. 
485 you will find many locations. 
485 have experience buyers and vendors. 
485 have witnessed many highs and lows the dark market. 
485 are here offer items make your experience little safer. 
485 are inspired the dark markets and want you safe. 
485 will never sell illegal items. 
485 not sell for profit. 
485 charge product cost shipping vendor fees. 
485 our mission safety will listing more products the near future will working becoming available every market soon possible. 
485 please are here for suggestions and answer questions. 
485 current offers lsd nik test amphetamines nik testfuture offers mdma test kitspossible future items sterile. 
486 from guardian march amso test kits would not approved item since not listed reading that correctly think can safely say test kits would. 
486 well known test kits. 
486 not something you make. 
487 glad have you but please read. 
488 will you shipping worldwide. 
489 ill take one for lsd and one for amphs you got them hand. 
490 people paid for things like shirts and magazine subscriptions and they have not delivered months how that not scam. 
491 there zero chance its scam. 
491 amir heading itll way late and have communication like whats going now. 
491 but does actually good code. 
491 seriously look the team behind. 
491 not just cody and amir but everybody. 
491 its big name people with reputation the bitcoin world. 
491 theres chance its scam. 
492 word warning putting series amounts into account that are all just short the reporting limit will also get picked sooner later suspicious. 
492 pretty obvious after while when account constantly having deposited into frequently that the owner trying avoid the reporting limit. 
492 try regularly putting around and thousand amounts and even some hundred amounts too. 
492 lots varying amounts best. 
493 need another way get btc annonamusly besides localbitcoins. 
493 its usually like markup and that just blows. 
493 have couple ideas for getting cheap bitcoin annonamously but nothing solid yet. 
493 maybe you guys can help. 
493 love able trade btc and some the smaller exchanges. 
493 but they all require. 
493 the good thing you can send them fake docs and still get account think. 
493 what thinking get account with fake docs btc but loss how get cash into the account. 
493 ive explored all the deposit options and havent been able get any work for yet usa. 
493 anyone know where buy perfect money cards the usa another way ive seen the bitcointalk forums some people there will cash the mail for pretty good price. 
493 but finding trusted vendors bit tough. 
493 love find someone local that would trade market rate but unfortunately one local bitcoins willing. 
494 the advantage with btc that you can load cash into your account then instant buy when you need them the price you are actually quoted vendor. 
494 currently going through all the different methods the btc wiki see whats going easiest. 
494 there one guy there where you can use greendot money packs and anonymously markup from btc. 
494 they have the agora logo their site with link whatever that means. 
494 com used perfect until all the banks stopped allowing cash deposits into accounts that are not your own. 
495 from ofl pwmolzg march ami love bitmessage. 
495 all for anything that makes using strong crypto easier for the masses thats how gains adoption. 
495 youre worried about though reason you cant also use pgp. 
495 its not like adding extra crypto can hurt. 
496 youre going open bank account with fake make sure you buy from one who offers microprint like mrreplicator. 
496 sounds obvious but lot the well known vendors sell pretty shitty product. 
497 from mike march amagora pandora much rather take business agora. 
497 pandora has support and wont let withdraw. 
497 agoras had the crowd until they they went down like limp dick and never got back again from the ddos and theyve had security leaks posted various forums and reddit. 
497 avoid them they are scam central and likely the next market houdini. 
497 from march pmare they still having withdrawal problems thinking listing there well. 
497 how you guys like far personally think that would unwise. 
497 the forums overloaded with angry and upset users not post from staff since the alleged hack and everyone having had all their withdrawal blocked has lead trust them anymore. 
497 one putting single penny cos they never see back and vendors never get them. 
497 with outrageous fees people have moved other markets and glad didnt lose any but came this close cant blame their users for losing trust once burnt twice shy they say. 
498 are they still having withdrawal problems thinking listing there well. 
498 how you guys like far. 
499 after all the crap with pandora market not over black bank market. 
499 the market amazing and have some great vendors over there well. 
500 from playground march completely agree. 
500 you use buy things for other applications. 
500 military whatever man. 
501 from nick cotton march pmbut you had the guys private key and could get his public key then wouldnt you have all the information there needed decrypt the message manually you dont need the public key decrypt the message just the private key and the password symmetrically decrypt. 
502 read through the privacy policy earlier before posting its not all reassuring. 
502 and considering what happened with safe mail not long ago this could dangerous. 
503 thinking its various things. 
503 what you said about china has tad bit with. 
503 bitcoin sales being taxed the usa websites the clear and hidden net being attacked. 
503 negative media which influences peoples choices regardless the news being fud not. 
503 its spring summer fall time lots heads the usa and are festival mode meaning their sourcing drugs elsewhere hidden markets are kind slow. 
503 although may look like sales are increasing blue agora pandora and maybe even the new ones that has more probably with people trying dump the bitcoins for other liquidatable goods before the bitcoins theyre holding loose value. 
503 passing the bag off speak. 
503 believe huge portion bitcoin holders use for illegal activity more than the bitcoin community wants admit. 
503 many top vendors that would bring massive increase and profits hidden markets and also increase the demand for bitcoins have gone under the radar dealing exclusively through emails and possibly dumping the need for bitcoin. 
503 wont ever know for sure that matter. 
503 there also the matter that the feds and mtgox might start dumping many bitcoins andd the market saturated speak there definetly enough supply for the demand driving the price down. 
503 competition with them holding that many coins motherfucker. 
503 then you have the miner pools which need dump enough pay for their efforts mining. 
503 will when becomes way expensive for even the mining pools produce them. 
504 from trc march amso russia out china out. 
504 will russia and china another crypto international intrigue grandfather always looked horse the mouth before trading for. 
504 then would always handy case needed get its attention. 
505 read online article yesterday something about mtgox finding btc that were lost. 
505 thought china was already out the btc game. 
506 fakers are takers. 
507 ill take one for lsd and one for amphs you got them hand. 
508 will you shipping worldwide. 
509 anyone care share the link for good laugh. 
509 yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
510 from mike march amagora pandora much rather take business agora. 
510 pandora has support and wont let withdraw. 
510 agoras had the crowd until they they went down like limp dick and never got back again from the ddos and theyve had security leaks posted various forums and reddit. 
510 avoid them they are scam central and likely the next market houdini. 
510 from march pmare they still having withdrawal problems thinking listing there well. 
510 how you guys like far personally think that would unwise. 
510 the forums overloaded with angry and upset users not post from staff since the alleged hack and everyone having had all their withdrawal blocked has lead trust them anymore. 
510 one putting single penny cos they never see back and vendors never get them. 
510 with outrageous fees people have moved other markets and glad didnt lose any but came this close cant blame their users for losing trust once burnt twice shy they say. 
511 are they still having withdrawal problems thinking listing there well. 
511 how you guys like far. 
512 why not keep your shop open and have your vendor name seen the market still small but which market wasnt the beginning time people will learn about evolution and will migrate for sure. 
512 yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
513 after all the crap with pandora market not over black bank market. 
513 the market amazing and have some great vendors over there well. 
514 read online article yesterday something about mtgox finding btc that were lost. 
514 thought china was already out the btc game. 
515 from trc march amso russia out china out. 
515 will russia and china another crypto international intrigue grandfather always looked horse the mouth before trading for. 
515 then would always handy case needed get its attention. 
516 thinking its various things. 
516 what you said about china has tad bit with. 
516 bitcoin sales being taxed the usa websites the clear and hidden net being attacked. 
516 negative media which influences peoples choices regardless the news being fud not. 
516 its spring summer fall time lots heads the usa and are festival mode meaning their sourcing drugs elsewhere hidden markets are kind slow. 
516 although may look like sales are increasing blue agora pandora and maybe even the new ones that has more probably with people trying dump the bitcoins for other liquidatable goods before the bitcoins theyre holding loose value. 
516 passing the bag off speak. 
516 believe huge portion bitcoin holders use for illegal activity more than the bitcoin community wants admit. 
516 many top vendors that would bring massive increase and profits hidden markets and also increase the demand for bitcoins have gone under the radar dealing exclusively through emails and possibly dumping the need for bitcoin. 
516 wont ever know for sure that matter. 
516 there also the matter that the feds and mtgox might start dumping many bitcoins andd the market saturated speak there definetly enough supply for the demand driving the price down. 
516 competition with them holding that many coins motherfucker. 
516 then you have the miner pools which need dump enough pay for their efforts mining. 
516 will when becomes way expensive for even the mining pools produce them. 
517 youre going open bank account with fake make sure you buy from one who offers microprint like mrreplicator. 
517 sounds obvious but lot the well known vendors sell pretty shitty product. 
518 from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
518 prepare get shit friend. 
519 from axolotl march amquote from evilgrin march amquote from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
519 prepare get shit friend. 
519 thought that was mirages schtick. 
519 axolotlive heard many users other than mirage and the shills say and give evedence supporting that apple computers come pre backdoored. 
519 their privacy policy isnt pretty and they are big computer company without evidence still assume their shit was backdoored. 
520 maybe someone could also review shared coin its opensource and totally free. 
520 works only you have blockchain wallet. 
521 agora under attack from bunch children that dont want any competition. 
521 why are you prices high. 
522 from ofl pwmolzg march ami love bitmessage. 
522 all for anything that makes using strong crypto easier for the masses thats how gains adoption. 
522 youre worried about though reason you cant also use pgp. 
522 its not like adding extra crypto can hurt. 
523 will you shipping worldwide. 
524 i'll take one for lsd and one for amphs you got them hand. 
525 only shipping continental usa begin. 
525 are technically shipping small amount hazardous material the test itself contains some liquid. 
525 personally hope can one day ship world wide will take some more finesse that point want sure sell these the lowest cost possible without going the negative. 
525 with world wide shipping this becomes more complicated. 
525 are also going limit item per customer per days. 
525 feared not doing this may open the possibility vendors purchasing majority them and also want reach many people possible make hopefully save someone from being put possible dangerous situation. 
525 will putting them once have followed the moderators rules here. 
525 are running into many roadblocks with rules other markets bare with for few days want ensure don't break and rules and can help many people possible all the while being good member the community. 
525 personal matter this something that very important and something that very important. 
525 have huge sense community and have also seen first hand what can happen when someone falls the victim greed. 
525 for the time being these chemicals are not made clean pfizer lab. 
525 they are often made sheds barns sewers and god knows where god knows who with god knows what materials. 
525 all this with the intention get rich any means necessary. 
525 taking few hours week out week help people experiencing their own conscious little safer that better than any drug will ever experience. 
525 stay safe guardian. 
526 test kits would not approved item since not listed reading that correctly. 
527 hello dark net friends pleasure with you all. 
527 are exploring majestic garden possible vendor account. 
527 you will find many locations. 
527 have experience buyers and vendors. 
527 have witnessed many highs and lows the dark market. 
527 are here offer items make your experience little safer. 
527 are inspired the dark markets and want you safe. 
527 will never sell illegal items. 
527 not sell for profit. 
527 charge product cost shipping vendor fees. 
527 our mission safety will listing more products the near future will working becoming available every market soon possible. 
527 please are here for suggestions and answer questions. 
527 current offers lsd nik test amphetamines nik testfuture offers mdma test kitspossible future items sterile. 
528 these are factory nik reagent tests. 
528 they will sold cost. 
528 there enough interest will follow your vendor thread directions. 
529 from guardian march amso test kits would not approved item since not listed reading that correctly think can safely say test kits would. 
529 well known test kits. 
529 not something you make. 
530 glad have you but please read. 
531 from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
531 you are claiming that the bitmessage guys are speed freaks. 
532 would the btc method actually work seems like that would interesting way lose the link while making some easy profit the same time. 
533 there zero chance its scam. 
533 amir heading itll way late and have communication like whats going now. 
533 but does actually good code. 
533 seriously look the team behind. 
533 not just cody and amir but everybody. 
533 its big name people with reputation the bitcoin world. 
533 theres chance its scam. 
534 people paid for things like shirts and magazine subscriptions and they have not delivered months how that not scam. 
535 anyone care share the link for good laugh. 
535 yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
536 read through the privacy policy earlier before posting its not all reassuring. 
536 and considering what happened with safe mail not long ago this could dangerous. 
537 read online article yesterday something about mtgox finding btc that were lost. 
537 thought china was already out the btc game. 
538 from trc march amso russia out china out. 
538 will russia and china another crypto international intrigue grandfather always looked horse the mouth before trading for. 
538 then would always handy case needed get its attention. 
539 thinking its various things. 
539 what you said about china has tad bit with. 
539 bitcoin sales being taxed the usa websites the clear and hidden net being attacked. 
539 negative media which influences peoples choices regardless the news being fud not. 
539 its spring summer fall time lots heads the usa and are festival mode meaning their sourcing drugs elsewhere hidden markets are kind slow. 
539 although may look like sales are increasing blue agora pandora and maybe even the new ones that has more probably with people trying dump the bitcoins for other liquidatable goods before the bitcoins theyre holding loose value. 
539 passing the bag off speak. 
539 believe huge portion bitcoin holders use for illegal activity more than the bitcoin community wants admit. 
539 many top vendors that would bring massive increase and profits hidden markets and also increase the demand for bitcoins have gone under the radar dealing exclusively through emails and possibly dumping the need for bitcoin. 
539 wont ever know for sure that matter. 
539 there also the matter that the feds and mtgox might start dumping many bitcoins andd the market saturated speak there definetly enough supply for the demand driving the price down. 
539 competition with them holding that many coins motherfucker. 
539 then you have the miner pools which need dump enough pay for their efforts mining. 
539 will when becomes way expensive for even the mining pools produce them. 
540 fakers are takers. 
541 why not keep your shop open and have your vendor name seen the market still small but which market wasnt the beginning time people will learn about evolution and will migrate for sure. 
541 yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
542 from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
542 you are claiming that the bitmessage guys are speed freaks. 
543 would the btc method actually work seems like that would interesting way lose the link while making some easy profit the same time. 
544 have analysed sharedcoin and can say that there are multiple privacy anonymity issues. 
544 will mix your coins but not very anonymous. 
544 there are fail points where anonymity can disclosed. 
544 dont recommend using. 
544 personally use bitmixer. 
544 fee and been around for while trustworthy. 
545 from trolltergeist march amawesome job. 
545 love whatcha done far. 
545 keep the good work. 
545 the mass migration does have concerned. 
545 sure can handled responsibly. 
545 good thing signed months ago cheers mate and good hear words encouragment from you sir besides you got reasons worried the mass migrations open the flood gates when doubly sure got things control. 
546 from dumpsterbaby march pmany updates bad. 
546 didnt get post update. 
546 yes were back open new registrations now. 
547 from nick cotton march pmbut you had the guys private key and could get his public key then wouldnt you have all the information there needed decrypt the message manually you dont need the public key decrypt the message just the private key and the password symmetrically decrypt. 
548 from mike march amagora pandora much rather take business agora. 
548 pandora has support and wont let withdraw. 
548 agoras had the crowd until they they went down like limp dick and never got back again from the ddos and theyve had security leaks posted various forums and reddit. 
548 avoid them they are scam central and likely the next market houdini. 
548 from march pmare they still having withdrawal problems thinking listing there well. 
548 how you guys like far personally think that would unwise. 
548 the forums overloaded with angry and upset users not post from staff since the alleged hack and everyone having had all their withdrawal blocked has lead trust them anymore. 
548 one putting single penny cos they never see back and vendors never get them. 
548 with outrageous fees people have moved other markets and glad didnt lose any but came this close cant blame their users for losing trust once burnt twice shy they say. 
549 are they still having withdrawal problems thinking listing there well. 
549 how you guys like far. 
550 after all the crap with pandora market not over black bank market. 
550 the market amazing and have some great vendors over there well. 
551 from evilgrin march amquote from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
551 prepare get shit friend. 
551 thought that was mirages schtick. 
552 tried out electrum few weeks ago and was impressed wasnt sure about using with tor but this looks promising wanted use electrum portable. 
552 for windows usb drive what network settings would need change order for work safely alongside tor thanks advance. 
553 that the same amir that scammed loads people with his other sites like intersango etc. 
554 word warning putting series amounts into account that are all just short the reporting limit will also get picked sooner later suspicious. 
554 pretty obvious after while when account constantly having deposited into frequently that the owner trying avoid the reporting limit. 
554 try regularly putting around and thousand amounts and even some hundred amounts too. 
554 lots varying amounts best. 
555 need another way get btc annonamusly besides localbitcoins. 
555 its usually like markup and that just blows. 
555 have couple ideas for getting cheap bitcoin annonamously but nothing solid yet. 
555 maybe you guys can help. 
555 i'd love able trade btc and some the smaller exchanges. 
555 but they all require. 
555 the good thing you can send them fake docs and still get account think. 
555 what i'm thinking get account with fake docs btc but i'm loss how get cash into the account. 
555 i've explored all the deposit options and havent' been able get any work for yet usa. 
555 anyone know where buy perfect money cards the usa another way i've seen the bitcointalk forums some people there will cash the mail for pretty good price. 
555 but finding trusted vendors bit tough. 
555 i'd love find someone local that would trade market rate but unfortunately one local bitcoins willing. 
556 the advantage with btc that you can load cash into your account then instant buy when you need them the price you are actually quoted vendor. 
556 currently i'm going through all the different methods the btc wiki see what's going easiest. 
556 there one guy there where you can use greendot money packs and anonymously markup from btc. 
556 they have the agora logo their site with link whatever that means. 
556 com used perfect until all the banks stopped allowing cash deposits into accounts that are not your own. 
557 but you had the guys private key and could get his public key then wouldnt you have all the information there needed decrypt the message manually you would able figure out what each letter the message had been encoded the pgp program. 
557 would very surprised didnt have least that capability. 
557 fact thought that was the very reason why you are told safeguard your private key much. 
558 from axolotl march amquote from evilgrin march amquote from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
558 prepare get shit friend. 
558 thought that was mirages schtick. 
558 axolotlive heard many users other than mirage and the shills say and give evedence supporting that apple computers come pre backdoored. 
558 their privacy policy isnt pretty and they are big computer company without evidence still assume their shit was backdoored. 
559 from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
559 prepare get shit friend. 
560 from playground march completely agree. 
560 you use buy things for other applications. 
560 military whatever man. 
561 youre going open bank account with fake make sure you buy from one who offers microprint like mrreplicator. 
561 sounds obvious but lot the well known vendors sell pretty shitty product. 
562 maybe someone could also review shared coin its opensource and totally free. 
562 works only you have blockchain wallet. 
563 agora under attack from bunch children that dont want any competition. 
563 why are you prices high. 
564 from ofl pwmolzg march ami love bitmessage. 
564 all for anything that makes using strong crypto easier for the masses thats how gains adoption. 
564 youre worried about though reason you cant also use pgp. 
564 its not like adding extra crypto can hurt. 
565 would the btc method actually work seems like that would interesting way lose the link while making some easy profit the same time. 
566 have analysed sharedcoin and can say that there are multiple privacy anonymity issues. 
566 will mix your coins but not very anonymous. 
566 there are fail points where anonymity can disclosed. 
566 dont recommend using. 
566 personally use bitmixer. 
566 fee and been around for while trustworthy. 
567 from trolltergeist march amawesome job. 
567 love whatcha done far. 
567 keep the good work. 
567 the mass migration does have concerned. 
567 sure can handled responsibly. 
567 good thing signed months ago cheers mate and good hear words encouragment from you sir besides you got reasons worried the mass migrations open the flood gates when doubly sure got things control. 
568 from dumpsterbaby march pmany updates bad. 
568 didnt get post update. 
568 yes were back open new registrations now. 
569 from nick cotton march pmbut you had the guys private key and could get his public key then wouldnt you have all the information there needed decrypt the message manually you dont need the public key decrypt the message just the private key and the password symmetrically decrypt. 
570 from mike march amagora pandora much rather take business agora. 
570 pandora has support and wont let withdraw. 
570 agoras had the crowd until they they went down like limp dick and never got back again from the ddos and theyve had security leaks posted various forums and reddit. 
570 avoid them they are scam central and likely the next market houdini. 
570 from march pmare they still having withdrawal problems thinking listing there well. 
570 how you guys like far personally think that would unwise. 
570 the forums overloaded with angry and upset users not post from staff since the alleged hack and everyone having had all their withdrawal blocked has lead trust them anymore. 
570 one putting single penny cos they never see back and vendors never get them. 
570 with outrageous fees people have moved other markets and glad didnt lose any but came this close cant blame their users for losing trust once burnt twice shy they say. 
571 are they still having withdrawal problems thinking listing there well. 
571 how you guys like far. 
572 after all the crap with pandora market not over black bank market. 
572 the market amazing and have some great vendors over there well. 
573 from evilgrin march amquote from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
573 prepare get shit friend. 
573 thought that was mirages schtick. 
574 tried out electrum few weeks ago and was impressed wasnt sure about using with tor but this looks promising wanted use electrum portable. 
574 for windows usb drive what network settings would need change order for work safely alongside tor thanks advance. 
575 that the same amir that scammed loads people with his other sites like intersango etc. 
576 word warning putting series amounts into account that are all just short the reporting limit will also get picked sooner later suspicious. 
576 pretty obvious after while when account constantly having deposited into frequently that the owner trying avoid the reporting limit. 
576 try regularly putting around and thousand amounts and even some hundred amounts too. 
576 lots varying amounts best. 
577 need another way get btc annonamusly besides localbitcoins. 
577 its usually like markup and that just blows. 
577 have couple ideas for getting cheap bitcoin annonamously but nothing solid yet. 
577 maybe you guys can help. 
577 i'd love able trade btc and some the smaller exchanges. 
577 but they all require. 
577 the good thing you can send them fake docs and still get account think. 
577 what i'm thinking get account with fake docs btc but i'm loss how get cash into the account. 
577 i've explored all the deposit options and havent' been able get any work for yet usa. 
577 anyone know where buy perfect money cards the usa another way i've seen the bitcointalk forums some people there will cash the mail for pretty good price. 
577 but finding trusted vendors bit tough. 
577 i'd love find someone local that would trade market rate but unfortunately one local bitcoins willing. 
578 the advantage with btc that you can load cash into your account then instant buy when you need them the price you are actually quoted vendor. 
578 currently i'm going through all the different methods the btc wiki see what's going easiest. 
578 there one guy there where you can use greendot money packs and anonymously markup from btc. 
578 they have the agora logo their site with link whatever that means. 
578 com used perfect until all the banks stopped allowing cash deposits into accounts that are not your own. 
579 but you had the guys private key and could get his public key then wouldnt you have all the information there needed decrypt the message manually you would able figure out what each letter the message had been encoded the pgp program. 
579 would very surprised didnt have least that capability. 
579 fact thought that was the very reason why you are told safeguard your private key much. 
580 from axolotl march amquote from evilgrin march amquote from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
580 prepare get shit friend. 
580 thought that was mirages schtick. 
580 axolotlive heard many users other than mirage and the shills say and give evedence supporting that apple computers come pre backdoored. 
580 their privacy policy isnt pretty and they are big computer company without evidence still assume their shit was backdoored. 
581 from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
581 prepare get shit friend. 
582 from playground march completely agree. 
582 you use buy things for other applications. 
582 military whatever man. 
583 youre going open bank account with fake make sure you buy from one who offers microprint like mrreplicator. 
583 sounds obvious but lot the well known vendors sell pretty shitty product. 
584 maybe someone could also review shared coin its opensource and totally free. 
584 works only you have blockchain wallet. 
585 agora under attack from bunch children that dont want any competition. 
585 why are you prices high. 
586 from ofl pwmolzg march ami love bitmessage. 
586 all for anything that makes using strong crypto easier for the masses thats how gains adoption. 
586 youre worried about though reason you cant also use pgp. 
586 its not like adding extra crypto can hurt. 
587 didnt they raise the money not the bitcoins one those sites that refunds the money they dont finish the project. 
588 from evilgrin march amquote from axolotl march amquote from evilgrin march amquote from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
588 prepare get shit friend. 
588 thought that was mirages schtick. 
588 axolotlive heard many users other than mirage and the shills say and give evedence supporting that apple computers come pre backdoored. 
588 their privacy policy isnt pretty and they are big computer company without evidence still assume their shit was backdoored. 
588 theyve already backdoored their phones whats stopping them from backdooring the computers. 
589 implying they havent alreadyif youre using backdoored software though youre just screwed stick opensource. 
590 from rounded march pmyo security experts have new macbook pro which have set require password when wake from sleep. 
590 have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
590 the event that need get out fast just secure shut laptop which puts sleep take the seconds takes shut off shutting off always better. 
590 when the machine put sleep hibernated the encryption keys for your full disk encryption are likely stored somewhere hiberation file. 
590 when you shut the machine down that risk eliminated. 
590 the increase security well worth the extra few seconds required shut down. 
591 curious running linux. 
592 thats right all bitcoins deposited the market will gain bonus for this week only are giving you little extra cash for the items you want buy say thank you for being loyal and sticking with. 
592 the whole team here the pirate market want say thanks our own small way spend your extra coins wisely and take care the pirate market staffthe pirate market. 
592 onion the pirate forums. 
593 there there anyone who got his pgp key and can confirm its the same. 
593 onion vendor leckermann cant believe its him. 
593 too good true. 
594 security experts have new macbook pro which have set require password when wake from sleep. 
594 have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
594 the event that need get out fast just secure shut laptop which puts sleep take the seconds takes shut off. 
595 update cloud nine now has partial. 
595 users can choose etc. 
595 com darknetmarkets comments cloudnine you can now finalise percentage. 
596 didnt they raise the money not the bitcoins one those sites that refunds the money they dont finish the project. 
597 from rounded march pmyo security experts have new macbook pro which have set require password when wake from sleep. 
597 have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
597 the event that need get out fast just secure shut laptop which puts sleep take the seconds takes shut off shutting off always better. 
597 when the machine put sleep hibernated the encryption keys for your full disk encryption are likely stored somewhere hiberation file. 
597 when you shut the machine down that risk eliminated. 
597 the increase security well worth the extra few seconds required shut down. 
598 security experts have new macbook pro which have set require password when wake from sleep. 
598 have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
598 the event that need get out fast just secure shut laptop which puts sleep take the seconds takes shut off. 
599 curious running linux. 
600 there there anyone who got his pgp key and can confirm its the same. 
600 onion vendor leckermann cant believe its him. 
600 too good true. 
601 from thedude march pmquote from trc march amso russia out china out. 
601 will russia and china another crypto add india the banned list their government forced their bitcoin exchange shut several months ago. 
601 not allowed there. 
602 security experts have new macbook pro which have set require password when wake from sleep. 
602 have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
602 the event that need get out fast just secure shut laptop which puts sleep take the seconds takes shut off. 
603 curious running linux. 
604 have downloaded the multibit client onto both windows laptop and also separate download onto laptop running ubuntu linux. 
604 questions are for both operating systems and they are when online and start the multibit client address broadcast anytime within the client when using such when syncs with the btc network create say wallets the client and issue one receiving address from each wallet ten different people they can pay possible see that all those addresses and wallets reside within the same multibit client like visiting blockchain and checking there can those addresses wallets traced back either laptops and how and what can stop this from happening cheers advance. 
605 hell roller coaster ride. 
606 have downloaded the multibit client onto both windows laptop and also separate download onto laptop running ubuntu linux. 
606 questions are for both operating systems and they are when online and start the multibit client address broadcast anytime within the client when using such when syncs with the btc network create say wallets the client and issue one receiving address from each wallet ten different people they can pay possible see that all those addresses and wallets reside within the same multibit client like visiting blockchain and checking there can those addresses wallets traced back either laptops and how and what can stop this from happening cheers advance. 
607 update cloud nine now has partial. 
607 users can choose etc. 
607 com darknetmarkets comments cloudnine you can now finalise percentage. 
608 from evilgrin march amquote from axolotl march amquote from evilgrin march amquote from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
608 prepare get shit friend. 
608 thought that was mirages schtick. 
608 axolotlive heard many users other than mirage and the shills say and give evedence supporting that apple computers come pre backdoored. 
608 their privacy policy isnt pretty and they are big computer company without evidence still assume their shit was backdoored. 
608 theyve already backdoored their phones whats stopping them from backdooring the computers. 
609 implying they havent alreadyif youre using backdoored software though youre just screwed stick opensource. 
610 have downloaded the multibit client onto both windows laptop and also separate download onto laptop running ubuntu linux. 
610 questions are for both operating systems and they are when online and start the multibit client address broadcast anytime within the client when using such when syncs with the btc network create say wallets the client and issue one receiving address from each wallet ten different people they can pay possible see that all those addresses and wallets reside within the same multibit client like visiting blockchain and checking there can those addresses wallets traced back either laptops and how and what can stop this from happening cheers advance. 
611 update cloud nine now has partial. 
611 users can choose etc. 
611 com darknetmarkets comments cloudnine you can now finalise percentage. 
612 have downloaded the multibit client onto both windows laptop and also separate download onto laptop running ubuntu linux. 
612 questions are for both operating systems and they are when online and start the multibit client address broadcast anytime within the client when using such when syncs with the btc network create say wallets the client and issue one receiving address from each wallet ten different people they can pay possible see that all those addresses and wallets reside within the same multibit client like visiting blockchain and checking there can those addresses wallets traced back either laptops and how and what can stop this from happening cheers advance. 
613 from thedude march pmquote from trc march amso russia out china out. 
613 will russia and china another crypto add india the banned list their government forced their bitcoin exchange shut several months ago. 
613 not allowed there. 
614 hell roller coaster ride. 
615 hell roller coaster ride. 
616 have downloaded the multibit client onto both windows laptop and also separate download onto laptop running ubuntu linux. 
616 questions are for both operating systems and they are when online and start the multibit client address broadcast anytime within the client when using such when syncs with the btc network create say wallets the client and issue one receiving address from each wallet ten different people they can pay possible see that all those addresses and wallets reside within the same multibit client like visiting blockchain and checking there can those addresses wallets traced back either laptops and how and what can stop this from happening cheers advance. 
617 update cloud nine now has partial. 
617 users can choose etc. 
617 com darknetmarkets comments cloudnine you can now finalise percentage. 
618 have downloaded the multibit client onto both windows laptop and also separate download onto laptop running ubuntu linux. 
618 questions are for both operating systems and they are when online and start the multibit client address broadcast anytime within the client when using such when syncs with the btc network create say wallets the client and issue one receiving address from each wallet ten different people they can pay possible see that all those addresses and wallets reside within the same multibit client like visiting blockchain and checking there can those addresses wallets traced back either laptops and how and what can stop this from happening cheers advance. 
619 from thedude march pmquote from trc march amso russia out china out. 
619 will russia and china another crypto add india the banned list their government forced their bitcoin exchange shut several months ago. 
619 not allowed there. 
620 from rounded march pmyo security experts have new macbook pro which have set require password when wake from sleep. 
620 have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
620 the event that need get out fast just secure shut laptop which puts sleep take the seconds takes shut off shutting off always better. 
620 when the machine put sleep hibernated the encryption keys for your full disk encryption are likely stored somewhere hiberation file. 
620 when you shut the machine down that risk eliminated. 
620 the increase security well worth the extra few seconds required shut down. 
621 didnt they raise the money not the bitcoins one those sites that refunds the money they dont finish the project. 
622 thats right all bitcoins deposited the market will gain bonus for this week only are giving you little extra cash for the items you want buy say thank you for being loyal and sticking with. 
622 the whole team here the pirate market want say thanks our own small way spend your extra coins wisely and take care the pirate market staffthe pirate market. 
622 onion the pirate forums. 
623 thats right all bitcoins deposited the market will gain bonus for this week only are giving you little extra cash for the items you want buy say thank you for being loyal and sticking with. 
623 the whole team here the pirate market want say thanks our own small way spend your extra coins wisely and take care the pirate market staffthe pirate market. 
623 onion the pirate forums. 
624 there there anyone who got his pgp key and can confirm its the same. 
624 onion vendor leckermann cant believe its him. 
624 too good true. 
625 from thedude march pmquote from trc march amso russia out china out. 
625 will russia and china another crypto add india the banned list their government forced their bitcoin exchange shut several months ago. 
625 not allowed there. 
626 security experts have new macbook pro which have set require password when wake from sleep. 
626 have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
626 the event that need get out fast just secure shut laptop which puts sleep take the seconds takes shut off. 
627 curious running linux. 
628 have downloaded the multibit client onto both windows laptop and also separate download onto laptop running ubuntu linux. 
628 questions are for both operating systems and they are when online and start the multibit client address broadcast anytime within the client when using such when syncs with the btc network create say wallets the client and issue one receiving address from each wallet ten different people they can pay possible see that all those addresses and wallets reside within the same multibit client like visiting blockchain and checking there can those addresses wallets traced back either laptops and how and what can stop this from happening cheers advance. 
629 hell roller coaster ride. 
630 have downloaded the multibit client onto both windows laptop and also separate download onto laptop running ubuntu linux. 
630 questions are for both operating systems and they are when online and start the multibit client address broadcast anytime within the client when using such when syncs with the btc network create say wallets the client and issue one receiving address from each wallet ten different people they can pay possible see that all those addresses and wallets reside within the same multibit client like visiting blockchain and checking there can those addresses wallets traced back either laptops and how and what can stop this from happening cheers advance. 
631 update cloud nine now has partial. 
631 users can choose etc. 
631 com darknetmarkets comments cloudnine you can now finalise percentage. 
632 from evilgrin march amquote from axolotl march amquote from evilgrin march amquote from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
632 prepare get shit friend. 
632 thought that was mirages schtick. 
632 axolotlive heard many users other than mirage and the shills say and give evedence supporting that apple computers come pre backdoored. 
632 their privacy policy isnt pretty and they are big computer company without evidence still assume their shit was backdoored. 
632 theyve already backdoored their phones whats stopping them from backdooring the computers. 
633 implying they havent alreadyif youre using backdoored software though youre just screwed stick opensource. 
634 from rounded march pmyo security experts have new macbook pro which have set require password when wake from sleep. 
634 have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
634 the event that need get out fast just secure shut laptop which puts sleep take the seconds takes shut off shutting off always better. 
634 when the machine put sleep hibernated the encryption keys for your full disk encryption are likely stored somewhere hiberation file. 
634 when you shut the machine down that risk eliminated. 
634 the increase security well worth the extra few seconds required shut down. 
635 didnt they raise the money not the bitcoins one those sites that refunds the money they dont finish the project. 
636 have downloaded the multibit client onto both windows laptop and also separate download onto laptop running ubuntu linux. 
636 questions are for both operating systems and they are when online and start the multibit client address broadcast anytime within the client when using such when syncs with the btc network create say wallets the client and issue one receiving address from each wallet ten different people they can pay possible see that all those addresses and wallets reside within the same multibit client like visiting blockchain and checking there can those addresses wallets traced back either laptops and how and what can stop this from happening cheers advance. 
637 update cloud nine now has partial. 
637 users can choose etc. 
637 com darknetmarkets comments cloudnine you can now finalise percentage. 
638 from evilgrin march amquote from axolotl march amquote from evilgrin march amquote from pandorahope march pmi using mac hence relatively safe. 
638 prepare get shit friend. 
638 thought that was mirages schtick. 
638 axolotlive heard many users other than mirage and the shills say and give evedence supporting that apple computers come pre backdoored. 
638 their privacy policy isnt pretty and they are big computer company without evidence still assume their shit was backdoored. 
638 theyve already backdoored their phones whats stopping them from backdooring the computers. 
639 implying they havent alreadyif youre using backdoored software though youre just screwed stick opensource. 
640 from rounded march pmyo security experts have new macbook pro which have set require password when wake from sleep. 
640 have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
640 the event that need get out fast just secure shut laptop which puts sleep take the seconds takes shut off shutting off always better. 
640 when the machine put sleep hibernated the encryption keys for your full disk encryption are likely stored somewhere hiberation file. 
640 when you shut the machine down that risk eliminated. 
640 the increase security well worth the extra few seconds required shut down. 
641 didnt they raise the money not the bitcoins one those sites that refunds the money they dont finish the project. 
642 from ambiguity march pmjust need know this bluesky market another scheme the works genuine replacement for thesilkroad depends what you mean genuine replacement. 
642 ive been using bsm main site order from since the beginning january. 
642 the only problem ive ever had technically were the incredibly slow withdrawals last week. 
642 wrote about this length another thread and dont want murder everyone with the boring story again. 
642 two days row witdrawals took almost. 
642 but support answered ticket and explained that theyd been changing some the btc handling improve security. 
642 support always responds and does everything they can helpthe site the timeselection decent and there are many really solid vendors. 
642 its not enormous was but functionality and effective support what you mean may replacement. 
642 however without forum there will less silkroad drama vibe and dont know how bsm admin would make announcements there were problems with the site. 
643 they already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providers. 
644 hello people there bug gpg which related how the recipient argument processed when encrypting message. 
644 this trapwhich has probably snared hundreds thousands newcomers encryption. 
644 see the effect this bug following the steps below step start with clean slate. 
644 orig this renames your current. 
644 gnupg directory that thefollowing steps not pollute your gnupg keyrings step copy and paste the following public key into filecalled someone. 
644 asc then import the public keyinto your public key keyringgpg import someone. 
644 asc begin pgp public key block version gnupg euziceaeeanbji rujmzfuhc mxtvsqx pcizcaie arw tcozveno sszba istqig fdqx alaqqeqkct cupmpdxgp qxtg elivr ykj jden urn rkjkvtmtr kcfplrthvwni oavsznfurivwf ygxop zvuxdslqpeg jqrtoiiqaqqap rtlp hioqdqbvcgkcve lkstw bhcra baskhtlh arf ldfyo wdet tpyfza usw mquwjran fsduf ietn lqzqmhud gpuiqd vlkj bivna bgzgjn hnvjmzorwjg byvjzb lwdtktmp nknv udazubfo cmt sdujymzl vhusglq fnnawha kot kftoucdxvsf gwnn end pgp public key block after you have imported the someone public key you can check see that was imported correctly follows gpg list keys pub uid someonesub ebf looks good step then create public private key pair with which someone. 
644 gpg gen keyselect rsa rsa encryption options for encryption and signing bit key select expiry date your choice. 
644 select myname for the real nameselect for somename domain. 
644 com the email myname the comment. 
644 after the keys have been created you can checkyour public keyring shown below gpg list keys public keyspub eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
644 com sub expires pub uid someonesub ebf gpg list secret keys sec eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
644 com ssb you have your myname secret and public keysand you have only the public key for someone. 
644 step create some prophetic text into file for test encryption echo the collapse the petro dollar collapse usd file. 
644 txt step attempt encrypt this filegpg output output. 
644 enc recipient someone encrypt file. 
644 txt step now decrypt the output. 
644 enc file see which keys its been encrypted with gpg decrypt output. 
644 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
644 com bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
644 com what you dont see line telling you its been encrypted withthe key for somename. 
644 you should see but dont see line that says gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created and therein lies the rub. 
644 bug you prefer what gpg appears doing selecting the first matchfor the recipient argument that appears the public keyring. 
644 doesnt select all keys that match seems select only the first key that matches. 
644 step clean and restore your original keyrings. 
644 gnupg what can you prevent this happening you. 
644 dont use short key names like the een ing etc. 
644 anything else that likely subset larger name. 
644 specify your encryption recipients using the key ids not the names the keys gpg output output. 
644 enc recipient encrypt file. 
644 txthave nice day. 
645 well big especially ass. 
646 otat silkkitielt ylh oma tili tilin asetukset ytt valuutta siihen vaikkapa btc. 
647 from axolotl march amexcellent advice. 
647 think that placing strings quotation marks might also help alleviate this problem well. 
647 axolotlthank you axolotl liked the quoting solution that you suggested decided put the test. 
647 below you will find experiments test that solutionand also the email address solution. 
647 testing the quoting solution. 
647 the quoting solution suggests that the problem when processing the recipient argumentis solved simply putting the key name quotes shown below gpg output. 
647 enc someone file. 
647 txtwe can now attempt decrypt the message seewhich keys were used when was encrypted gpg decrypt output. 
647 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
647 onion bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
647 onion collapse the petro dollar collapse usdstill mention this file being encrypted withsomeones key. 
647 the quoting solution least with version gpg doesnt work. 
647 but note thats cygwin not linux perhaps works with other versions. 
647 testing the email address solution. 
647 the email address solution suggests that the way avoid the substring matching problem specify thekey specifying the email address presented the key. 
647 for example gpg output. 
647 enc someone domain. 
647 txtwhere the available public keys are gpg list keyspub eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
647 onion sub expires pub expires uid someone. 
647 com sub expires this does solve the problem gpg output. 
647 encgpg encrypted with bit rsa key created someone. 
647 com gpg decryption failed secret key not availablethis the expected response. 
647 this message has not been encrypted with the myname public key. 
647 can not decrypt this message because its been encrypted with the publickey for someone and dont have the private key for someone. 
647 have two solutions the substring matching problemwhen the recipient argument processed specify the recipient public key with the key specify the recipient public key with the full email address someone domain. 
647 comany other solutions. 
647 perspectives this problem are warmly welcomed. 
647 have nice day. 
647 and happy playground. 
648 from playground march amhello people there bug gpg which related how the recipient argument processed when encrypting message. 
648 this trapwhich has probably snared hundreds thousands newcomers encryption. 
648 and probably fair number old hands too. 
648 snip and therein lies the rub. 
648 bug you prefer what gpg appears doing selecting the first matchfor the recipient argument that appears the public keyring. 
648 doesnt select all keys that match seems select only the first key that matches. 
648 the best knowledge this sub string matching behaviour has been the default behavior going all the way back the original version pgp. 
648 from playground march amso what can you prevent this happening you. 
648 dont use short key names like the een ing etc. 
648 anything else that likely subset larger name. 
648 specify your encryption recipients using the key ids not the names the keys gpg output output. 
648 enc recipient encrypt file. 
648 txthave nice day. 
648 and excellent advice. 
648 think that placing strings quotation marks might also help alleviate this problem well. 
649 not trying sound like mirage here. 
649 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
650 three mods were busted. 
650 dont think they comprised all the admins mods. 
651 from sorrymario march pmlol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
651 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
651 that makes lot sense. 
651 ive always found the logo butt ugly and random and couldnt understand why theyd use. 
651 figured had inside joke something. 
652 well that certainly inconvenient. 
652 verified with referral link and getting the same error. 
652 suspect this was done temporary measure against all the down time the site was experiencing last few weeks. 
653 this service was recently mentioned post bitcoin blender site. 
653 org forum thread. 
654 yes lot people seem use key linked clearnet mail service. 
654 also its very cumbersome the key uses another nickname than the name the market. 
655 use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected and yeah its always worked that way. 
655 dont think its bug per. 
655 more like the intended behavior which may not match user expectations. 
656 from crazy eights march amthey already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providerscan they smell what the rock cookin. 
657 from thedude march amquote from crazy eights march amthey already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providerscan they smell what the rock cookin dont give them that much credit. 
658 from march amyes lot people seem use key linked clearnet mail service. 
658 also its very cumbersome the key uses another nickname than the name the market. 
658 with their real names attached. 
658 notice this when they give address and notice that they have their email their pgp public key using their real name and gmail address. 
659 from hou march pmpeople paid for things like shirts and magazine subscriptions and they have not delivered months how that not scam wanted one those shirts with nagel. 
660 not that much and since when was weekend bloody days. 
661 the price has always dropped the weekends. 
662 from antl march pmcurious running linux likely not. 
662 actually based bsd unix all the gui stuff are just add ons top that basic foundation. 
663 from evilgrin march amnot trying sound like mirage here. 
663 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
663 better use truecrypt some other open source crypto software place closed source proprietary software like filevault. 
663 that said however for the average user the nsa likely never going get involved the fbi secret service will likely use access datas software attempt break the crypto dictionary attack the password attempting brute force the hope that short and weak. 
663 see the following washington post article brian krebs although this article years old now still informative. 
663 dna key decoding human factorsecret services distributed computing project aimed decoding encrypted evidenceby brian. 
663 com staff writermonday march. 
663 com dyn articles mar. 
663 html clearnet zaphod. 
664 clicked the referal link posted this forum but agora still gives this error cannot register this time user limit reached. 
664 please wait until the full release. 
665 from rounded march pmi have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
665 you need least strong. 
666 from zaphod march amagreed. 
666 better use truecrypt some other open source crypto software place closed source proprietary software like filevault. 
666 might want wait truecrypt until this changes. 
667 from zaphod march amquote from evilgrin march amnot trying sound like mirage here. 
667 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
667 better use truecrypt some other open source crypto software place closed source proprietary software like filevault. 
667 that said however for the average user the nsa likely never going get involved the fbi secret service will likely use access datas software attempt break the crypto dictionary attack the password attempting brute force the hope that short and weak. 
667 see the following washington post article brian krebs although this article years old now still informative. 
667 dna key decoding human factorsecret services distributed computing project aimed decoding encrypted evidenceby brian. 
667 com staff writermonday march. 
667 com dyn articles mar. 
667 html clearnet zaphodits actually impossible fully encrypt mac device completely everywaythats just how its built its not meant for security was meant for normal everyday people who love pretty gui. 
668 from ambiguity march pmjust need know this bluesky market another scheme the works genuine replacement for thesilkroad depends what you mean genuine replacement. 
668 ive been using bsm main site order from since the beginning january. 
668 the only problem ive ever had technically were the incredibly slow withdrawals last week. 
668 wrote about this length another thread and dont want murder everyone with the boring story again. 
668 two days row witdrawals took almost. 
668 but support answered ticket and explained that theyd been changing some the btc handling improve security. 
668 support always responds and does everything they can helpthe site the timeselection decent and there are many really solid vendors. 
668 its not enormous was but functionality and effective support what you mean may replacement. 
668 however without forum there will less silkroad drama vibe and dont know how bsm admin would make announcements there were problems with the site. 
669 they already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providers. 
670 clicked the referal link posted this forum but agora still gives this error cannot register this time user limit reached. 
670 please wait until the full release. 
671 from evilgrin march amnot trying sound like mirage here. 
671 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
671 better use truecrypt some other open source crypto software place closed source proprietary software like filevault. 
671 that said however for the average user the nsa likely never going get involved the fbi secret service will likely use access datas software attempt break the crypto dictionary attack the password attempting brute force the hope that short and weak. 
671 see the following washington post article brian krebs although this article years old now still informative. 
671 dna key decoding human factorsecret services distributed computing project aimed decoding encrypted evidenceby brian. 
671 com staff writermonday march. 
671 com dyn articles mar. 
671 html clearnet zaphod. 
672 from antl march pmcurious running linux likely not. 
672 actually based bsd unix all the gui stuff are just add ons top that basic foundation. 
673 from rounded march pmi have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
673 you need least strong. 
674 from zaphod march amagreed. 
674 better use truecrypt some other open source crypto software place closed source proprietary software like filevault. 
674 might want wait truecrypt until this changes. 
675 from zaphod march amquote from evilgrin march amnot trying sound like mirage here. 
675 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
675 better use truecrypt some other open source crypto software place closed source proprietary software like filevault. 
675 that said however for the average user the nsa likely never going get involved the fbi secret service will likely use access datas software attempt break the crypto dictionary attack the password attempting brute force the hope that short and weak. 
675 see the following washington post article brian krebs although this article years old now still informative. 
675 dna key decoding human factorsecret services distributed computing project aimed decoding encrypted evidenceby brian. 
675 com staff writermonday march. 
675 com dyn articles mar. 
675 html clearnet zaphodits actually impossible fully encrypt mac device completely everywaythats just how its built its not meant for security was meant for normal everyday people who love pretty gui. 
676 from hou march pmpeople paid for things like shirts and magazine subscriptions and they have not delivered months how that not scam wanted one those shirts with nagel. 
677 shit has been dropping for weeks. 
677 last time hit area was mid february far remember for this year. 
677 keep reading all this crazy shit about possibly dropping down the range. 
677 personally dont care what they end costing too much more wish they would more stable monthly basis rather than every hours drastic measure. 
678 from jules winnfield march amshit has been dropping for weeks. 
678 last time hit area was mid february far remember for this year. 
678 keep reading all this crazy shit about possibly dropping down the range. 
678 personally dont care what they end costing too much more wish they would more stable monthly basis rather than every hours drastic measure. 
678 even gets that low though people will still use itand dont see ever getting stable because most legit people dont use btc think its bad ideastill though fingers crossed. 
679 from rounded march pmi have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
679 you need least strong. 
680 from zaphod march amagreed. 
680 better use truecrypt some other open source crypto software place closed source proprietary software like filevault. 
680 might want wait truecrypt until this changes. 
681 from zaphod march amquote from evilgrin march amnot trying sound like mirage here. 
681 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
681 better use truecrypt some other open source crypto software place closed source proprietary software like filevault. 
681 that said however for the average user the nsa likely never going get involved the fbi secret service will likely use access datas software attempt break the crypto dictionary attack the password attempting brute force the hope that short and weak. 
681 see the following washington post article brian krebs although this article years old now still informative. 
681 dna key decoding human factorsecret services distributed computing project aimed decoding encrypted evidenceby brian. 
681 com staff writermonday march. 
681 com dyn articles mar. 
681 html clearnet zaphodits actually impossible fully encrypt mac device completely everywaythats just how its built its not meant for security was meant for normal everyday people who love pretty gui. 
682 from hou march pmpeople paid for things like shirts and magazine subscriptions and they have not delivered months how that not scam wanted one those shirts with nagel. 
683 from march amyes lot people seem use key linked clearnet mail service. 
683 also its very cumbersome the key uses another nickname than the name the market. 
683 with their real names attached. 
683 notice this when they give address and notice that they have their email their pgp public key using their real name and gmail address. 
684 from goblin february pmno. 
684 yeah thought saw them the other time. 
685 clicked the referal link posted this forum but agora still gives this error cannot register this time user limit reached. 
685 please wait until the full release. 
686 from crazy eights march amthey already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providerscan they smell what the rock cookin. 
687 from thedude march amquote from crazy eights march amthey already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providerscan they smell what the rock cookin dont give them that much credit. 
688 use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected and yeah its always worked that way. 
688 dont think its bug per. 
688 more like the intended behavior which may not match user expectations. 
689 yes lot people seem use key linked clearnet mail service. 
689 also its very cumbersome the key uses another nickname than the name the market. 
690 from ambiguity march pmjust need know this bluesky market another scheme the works genuine replacement for thesilkroad depends what you mean genuine replacement. 
690 ive been using bsm main site order from since the beginning january. 
690 the only problem ive ever had technically were the incredibly slow withdrawals last week. 
690 wrote about this length another thread and dont want murder everyone with the boring story again. 
690 two days row witdrawals took almost. 
690 but support answered ticket and explained that theyd been changing some the btc handling improve security. 
690 support always responds and does everything they can helpthe site the timeselection decent and there are many really solid vendors. 
690 its not enormous was but functionality and effective support what you mean may replacement. 
690 however without forum there will less silkroad drama vibe and dont know how bsm admin would make announcements there were problems with the site. 
691 hello people there bug gpg which related how the recipient argument processed when encrypting message. 
691 this trapwhich has probably snared hundreds thousands newcomers encryption. 
691 see the effect this bug following the steps below step start with clean slate. 
691 orig this renames your current. 
691 gnupg directory that thefollowing steps not pollute your gnupg keyrings step copy and paste the following public key into filecalled someone. 
691 asc then import the public keyinto your public key keyringgpg import someone. 
691 asc begin pgp public key block version gnupg euziceaeeanbji rujmzfuhc mxtvsqx pcizcaie arw tcozveno sszba istqig fdqx alaqqeqkct cupmpdxgp qxtg elivr ykj jden urn rkjkvtmtr kcfplrthvwni oavsznfurivwf ygxop zvuxdslqpeg jqrtoiiqaqqap rtlp hioqdqbvcgkcve lkstw bhcra baskhtlh arf ldfyo wdet tpyfza usw mquwjran fsduf ietn lqzqmhud gpuiqd vlkj bivna bgzgjn hnvjmzorwjg byvjzb lwdtktmp nknv udazubfo cmt sdujymzl vhusglq fnnawha kot kftoucdxvsf gwnn end pgp public key block after you have imported the someone public key you can check see that was imported correctly follows gpg list keys pub uid someonesub ebf looks good step then create public private key pair with which someone. 
691 gpg gen keyselect rsa rsa encryption options for encryption and signing bit key select expiry date your choice. 
691 select myname for the real nameselect for somename domain. 
691 com the email myname the comment. 
691 after the keys have been created you can checkyour public keyring shown below gpg list keys public keyspub eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
691 com sub expires pub uid someonesub ebf gpg list secret keys sec eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
691 com ssb you have your myname secret and public keysand you have only the public key for someone. 
691 step create some prophetic text into file for test encryption echo the collapse the petro dollar collapse usd file. 
691 txt step attempt encrypt this filegpg output output. 
691 enc recipient someone encrypt file. 
691 txt step now decrypt the output. 
691 enc file see which keys its been encrypted with gpg decrypt output. 
691 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
691 com bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
691 com what you dont see line telling you its been encrypted withthe key for somename. 
691 you should see but dont see line that says gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created and therein lies the rub. 
691 bug you prefer what gpg appears doing selecting the first matchfor the recipient argument that appears the public keyring. 
691 doesnt select all keys that match seems select only the first key that matches. 
691 step clean and restore your original keyrings. 
691 gnupg what can you prevent this happening you. 
691 dont use short key names like the een ing etc. 
691 anything else that likely subset larger name. 
691 specify your encryption recipients using the key ids not the names the keys gpg output output. 
691 enc recipient encrypt file. 
691 txthave nice day. 
692 from playground march amhello people there bug gpg which related how the recipient argument processed when encrypting message. 
692 this trapwhich has probably snared hundreds thousands newcomers encryption. 
692 and probably fair number old hands too. 
692 snip and therein lies the rub. 
692 bug you prefer what gpg appears doing selecting the first matchfor the recipient argument that appears the public keyring. 
692 doesnt select all keys that match seems select only the first key that matches. 
692 the best knowledge this sub string matching behaviour has been the default behavior going all the way back the original version pgp. 
692 from playground march amso what can you prevent this happening you. 
692 dont use short key names like the een ing etc. 
692 anything else that likely subset larger name. 
692 specify your encryption recipients using the key ids not the names the keys gpg output output. 
692 enc recipient encrypt file. 
692 txthave nice day. 
692 and excellent advice. 
692 think that placing strings quotation marks might also help alleviate this problem well. 
693 from axolotl march amexcellent advice. 
693 think that placing strings quotation marks might also help alleviate this problem well. 
693 axolotlthank you axolotl liked the quoting solution that you suggested decided put the test. 
693 below you will find experiments test that solutionand also the email address solution. 
693 testing the quoting solution. 
693 the quoting solution suggests that the problem when processing the recipient argumentis solved simply putting the key name quotes shown below gpg output. 
693 enc someone file. 
693 txtwe can now attempt decrypt the message seewhich keys were used when was encrypted gpg decrypt output. 
693 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
693 onion bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
693 onion collapse the petro dollar collapse usdstill mention this file being encrypted withsomeones key. 
693 the quoting solution least with version gpg doesnt work. 
693 but note thats cygwin not linux perhaps works with other versions. 
693 testing the email address solution. 
693 the email address solution suggests that the way avoid the substring matching problem specify thekey specifying the email address presented the key. 
693 for example gpg output. 
693 enc someone domain. 
693 txtwhere the available public keys are gpg list keyspub eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
693 onion sub expires pub expires uid someone. 
693 com sub expires this does solve the problem gpg output. 
693 encgpg encrypted with bit rsa key created someone. 
693 com gpg decryption failed secret key not availablethis the expected response. 
693 this message has not been encrypted with the myname public key. 
693 can not decrypt this message because its been encrypted with the publickey for someone and dont have the private key for someone. 
693 have two solutions the substring matching problemwhen the recipient argument processed specify the recipient public key with the key specify the recipient public key with the full email address someone domain. 
693 comany other solutions. 
693 perspectives this problem are warmly welcomed. 
693 have nice day. 
693 and happy playground. 
694 ask paid bitcoin instead fiat currency. 
694 least portion your salary. 
694 sell your products services people for bitcoin. 
695 well that certainly inconvenient. 
695 verified with referral link and getting the same error. 
695 suspect this was done temporary measure against all the down time the site was experiencing last few weeks. 
696 from sorrymario march pmlol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
696 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
696 that makes lot sense. 
696 ive always found the logo butt ugly and random and couldnt understand why theyd use. 
696 figured had inside joke something. 
697 three mods were busted. 
697 dont think they comprised all the admins mods. 
698 not that much and since when was weekend bloody days. 
699 otat silkkitielt ylh oma tili tilin asetukset ytt valuutta siihen vaikkapa btc. 
700 when encrypting message does the sender need sign. 
701 from goblin february pmno. 
701 yeah thought saw them the other time. 
702 from hou march pmpeople paid for things like shirts and magazine subscriptions and they have not delivered months how that not scam wanted one those shirts with nagel. 
703 from jules winnfield march amshit has been dropping for weeks. 
703 last time hit area was mid february far remember for this year. 
703 keep reading all this crazy shit about possibly dropping down the range. 
703 personally dont care what they end costing too much more wish they would more stable monthly basis rather than every hours drastic measure. 
703 even gets that low though people will still use itand dont see ever getting stable because most legit people dont use btc think its bad ideastill though fingers crossed. 
704 shit has been dropping for weeks. 
704 last time hit area was mid february far remember for this year. 
704 keep reading all this crazy shit about possibly dropping down the range. 
704 personally dont care what they end costing too much more wish they would more stable monthly basis rather than every hours drastic measure. 
705 from goblin february pmno. 
705 yeah thought saw them the other time. 
706 shit has been dropping for weeks. 
706 last time hit area was mid february far remember for this year. 
706 keep reading all this crazy shit about possibly dropping down the range. 
706 personally dont care what they end costing too much more wish they would more stable monthly basis rather than every hours drastic measure. 
707 from jules winnfield march amshit has been dropping for weeks. 
707 last time hit area was mid february far remember for this year. 
707 keep reading all this crazy shit about possibly dropping down the range. 
707 personally dont care what they end costing too much more wish they would more stable monthly basis rather than every hours drastic measure. 
707 even gets that low though people will still use itand dont see ever getting stable because most legit people dont use btc think its bad ideastill though fingers crossed. 
708 from ambiguity march pmjust need know this bluesky market another scheme the works genuine replacement for thesilkroad depends what you mean genuine replacement. 
708 ive been using bsm main site order from since the beginning january. 
708 the only problem ive ever had technically were the incredibly slow withdrawals last week. 
708 wrote about this length another thread and dont want murder everyone with the boring story again. 
708 two days row witdrawals took almost. 
708 but support answered ticket and explained that theyd been changing some the btc handling improve security. 
708 support always responds and does everything they can helpthe site the timeselection decent and there are many really solid vendors. 
708 its not enormous was but functionality and effective support what you mean may replacement. 
708 however without forum there will less silkroad drama vibe and dont know how bsm admin would make announcements there were problems with the site. 
709 they already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providers. 
710 hello people there bug gpg which related how the recipient argument processed when encrypting message. 
710 this trapwhich has probably snared hundreds thousands newcomers encryption. 
710 see the effect this bug following the steps below step start with clean slate. 
710 orig this renames your current. 
710 gnupg directory that thefollowing steps not pollute your gnupg keyrings step copy and paste the following public key into filecalled someone. 
710 asc then import the public keyinto your public key keyringgpg import someone. 
710 asc begin pgp public key block version gnupg euziceaeeanbji rujmzfuhc mxtvsqx pcizcaie arw tcozveno sszba istqig fdqx alaqqeqkct cupmpdxgp qxtg elivr ykj jden urn rkjkvtmtr kcfplrthvwni oavsznfurivwf ygxop zvuxdslqpeg jqrtoiiqaqqap rtlp hioqdqbvcgkcve lkstw bhcra baskhtlh arf ldfyo wdet tpyfza usw mquwjran fsduf ietn lqzqmhud gpuiqd vlkj bivna bgzgjn hnvjmzorwjg byvjzb lwdtktmp nknv udazubfo cmt sdujymzl vhusglq fnnawha kot kftoucdxvsf gwnn end pgp public key block after you have imported the someone public key you can check see that was imported correctly follows gpg list keys pub uid someonesub ebf looks good step then create public private key pair with which someone. 
710 gpg gen keyselect rsa rsa encryption options for encryption and signing bit key select expiry date your choice. 
710 select myname for the real nameselect for somename domain. 
710 com the email myname the comment. 
710 after the keys have been created you can checkyour public keyring shown below gpg list keys public keyspub eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
710 com sub expires pub uid someonesub ebf gpg list secret keys sec eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
710 com ssb you have your myname secret and public keysand you have only the public key for someone. 
710 step create some prophetic text into file for test encryption echo the collapse the petro dollar collapse usd file. 
710 txt step attempt encrypt this filegpg output output. 
710 enc recipient someone encrypt file. 
710 txt step now decrypt the output. 
710 enc file see which keys its been encrypted with gpg decrypt output. 
710 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
710 com bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
710 com what you dont see line telling you its been encrypted withthe key for somename. 
710 you should see but dont see line that says gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created and therein lies the rub. 
710 bug you prefer what gpg appears doing selecting the first matchfor the recipient argument that appears the public keyring. 
710 doesnt select all keys that match seems select only the first key that matches. 
710 step clean and restore your original keyrings. 
710 gnupg what can you prevent this happening you. 
710 dont use short key names like the een ing etc. 
710 anything else that likely subset larger name. 
710 specify your encryption recipients using the key ids not the names the keys gpg output output. 
710 enc recipient encrypt file. 
710 txthave nice day. 
711 well big especially ass. 
712 not that much and since when was weekend bloody days. 
713 the price has always dropped the weekends. 
714 well big especially ass. 
715 this service was recently mentioned post bitcoin blender site. 
715 org forum thread. 
716 not trying sound like mirage here. 
716 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
717 from antl march pmcurious running linux likely not. 
717 actually based bsd unix all the gui stuff are just add ons top that basic foundation. 
718 from evilgrin march amnot trying sound like mirage here. 
718 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
718 better use truecrypt some other open source crypto software place closed source proprietary software like filevault. 
718 that said however for the average user the nsa likely never going get involved the fbi secret service will likely use access datas software attempt break the crypto dictionary attack the password attempting brute force the hope that short and weak. 
718 see the following washington post article brian krebs although this article years old now still informative. 
718 dna key decoding human factorsecret services distributed computing project aimed decoding encrypted evidenceby brian. 
718 com staff writermonday march. 
718 com dyn articles mar. 
718 html clearnet zaphod. 
719 from blueviking march amquote from acidcat march ami had messaged vendor asking for order never replied now coins are worth. 
719 this has been long stressful day now when said vendor replies have ask for even smaller amount because how volatile the market right now. 
719 hey brother this place more relaxed environment it's not like other marketplaces. 
719 you need place order instantly use marketplace because you lock price and that what the marketplace format for. 
719 vendors cannot predict the market and base their whole schedule accomdate constantly fluctuating currency. 
719 bitcoin would have doubled that time you wouldnt complaining about. 
719 but the beauty bitcoin that allows what with ease and security. 
719 just today lost probably lost someone's quarterly salary but i'm okay with that because know the risks involved. 
719 it's the nature the beast friend. 
719 couldnt agree more. 
719 also since its such relaxed environment here sure the vendor would have sent your order for less know would have. 
720 sometimes you win little sometimes you lose little but its the same for the vendors too. 
721 when encrypting message does the sender need sign. 
722 yes lot people seem use key linked clearnet mail service. 
722 also its very cumbersome the key uses another nickname than the name the market. 
723 sometimes you win little sometimes you lose little but its the same for the vendors too. 
724 shit has been dropping for weeks. 
724 last time hit area was mid february far remember for this year. 
724 keep reading all this crazy shit about possibly dropping down the range. 
724 personally dont care what they end costing too much more wish they would more stable monthly basis rather than every hours drastic measure. 
725 from jules winnfield march amshit has been dropping for weeks. 
725 last time hit area was mid february far remember for this year. 
725 keep reading all this crazy shit about possibly dropping down the range. 
725 personally dont care what they end costing too much more wish they would more stable monthly basis rather than every hours drastic measure. 
725 even gets that low though people will still use itand dont see ever getting stable because most legit people dont use btc think its bad ideastill though fingers crossed. 
726 from rounded march pmi have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
726 you need least strong. 
727 from zaphod march amagreed. 
727 better use truecrypt some other open source crypto software place closed source proprietary software like filevault. 
727 might want wait truecrypt until this changes. 
728 from zaphod march amquote from evilgrin march amnot trying sound like mirage here. 
728 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
728 better use truecrypt some other open source crypto software place closed source proprietary software like filevault. 
728 that said however for the average user the nsa likely never going get involved the fbi secret service will likely use access datas software attempt break the crypto dictionary attack the password attempting brute force the hope that short and weak. 
728 see the following washington post article brian krebs although this article years old now still informative. 
728 dna key decoding human factorsecret services distributed computing project aimed decoding encrypted evidenceby brian. 
728 com staff writermonday march. 
728 com dyn articles mar. 
728 html clearnet zaphodits actually impossible fully encrypt mac device completely everywaythats just how its built its not meant for security was meant for normal everyday people who love pretty gui. 
729 from hou march pmpeople paid for things like shirts and magazine subscriptions and they have not delivered months how that not scam wanted one those shirts with nagel. 
730 from march amyes lot people seem use key linked clearnet mail service. 
730 also its very cumbersome the key uses another nickname than the name the market. 
730 with their real names attached. 
730 notice this when they give address and notice that they have their email their pgp public key using their real name and gmail address. 
731 from goblin february pmno. 
731 yeah thought saw them the other time. 
732 clicked the referal link posted this forum but agora still gives this error cannot register this time user limit reached. 
732 please wait until the full release. 
733 from crazy eights march amthey already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providerscan they smell what the rock cookin. 
734 from thedude march amquote from crazy eights march amthey already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providerscan they smell what the rock cookin dont give them that much credit. 
735 use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected and yeah its always worked that way. 
735 dont think its bug per. 
735 more like the intended behavior which may not match user expectations. 
736 yes lot people seem use key linked clearnet mail service. 
736 also its very cumbersome the key uses another nickname than the name the market. 
737 from ambiguity march pmjust need know this bluesky market another scheme the works genuine replacement for thesilkroad depends what you mean genuine replacement. 
737 ive been using bsm main site order from since the beginning january. 
737 the only problem ive ever had technically were the incredibly slow withdrawals last week. 
737 wrote about this length another thread and dont want murder everyone with the boring story again. 
737 two days row witdrawals took almost. 
737 but support answered ticket and explained that theyd been changing some the btc handling improve security. 
737 support always responds and does everything they can helpthe site the timeselection decent and there are many really solid vendors. 
737 its not enormous was but functionality and effective support what you mean may replacement. 
737 however without forum there will less silkroad drama vibe and dont know how bsm admin would make announcements there were problems with the site. 
738 hello people there bug gpg which related how the recipient argument processed when encrypting message. 
738 this trapwhich has probably snared hundreds thousands newcomers encryption. 
738 see the effect this bug following the steps below step start with clean slate. 
738 orig this renames your current. 
738 gnupg directory that thefollowing steps not pollute your gnupg keyrings step copy and paste the following public key into filecalled someone. 
738 asc then import the public keyinto your public key keyringgpg import someone. 
738 asc begin pgp public key block version gnupg euziceaeeanbji rujmzfuhc mxtvsqx pcizcaie arw tcozveno sszba istqig fdqx alaqqeqkct cupmpdxgp qxtg elivr ykj jden urn rkjkvtmtr kcfplrthvwni oavsznfurivwf ygxop zvuxdslqpeg jqrtoiiqaqqap rtlp hioqdqbvcgkcve lkstw bhcra baskhtlh arf ldfyo wdet tpyfza usw mquwjran fsduf ietn lqzqmhud gpuiqd vlkj bivna bgzgjn hnvjmzorwjg byvjzb lwdtktmp nknv udazubfo cmt sdujymzl vhusglq fnnawha kot kftoucdxvsf gwnn end pgp public key block after you have imported the someone public key you can check see that was imported correctly follows gpg list keys pub uid someonesub ebf looks good step then create public private key pair with which someone. 
738 gpg gen keyselect rsa rsa encryption options for encryption and signing bit key select expiry date your choice. 
738 select myname for the real nameselect for somename domain. 
738 com the email myname the comment. 
738 after the keys have been created you can checkyour public keyring shown below gpg list keys public keyspub eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
738 com sub expires pub uid someonesub ebf gpg list secret keys sec eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
738 com ssb you have your myname secret and public keysand you have only the public key for someone. 
738 step create some prophetic text into file for test encryption echo the collapse the petro dollar collapse usd file. 
738 txt step attempt encrypt this filegpg output output. 
738 enc recipient someone encrypt file. 
738 txt step now decrypt the output. 
738 enc file see which keys its been encrypted with gpg decrypt output. 
738 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
738 com bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
738 com what you dont see line telling you its been encrypted withthe key for somename. 
738 you should see but dont see line that says gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created and therein lies the rub. 
738 bug you prefer what gpg appears doing selecting the first matchfor the recipient argument that appears the public keyring. 
738 doesnt select all keys that match seems select only the first key that matches. 
738 step clean and restore your original keyrings. 
738 gnupg what can you prevent this happening you. 
738 dont use short key names like the een ing etc. 
738 anything else that likely subset larger name. 
738 specify your encryption recipients using the key ids not the names the keys gpg output output. 
738 enc recipient encrypt file. 
738 txthave nice day. 
739 from playground march amhello people there bug gpg which related how the recipient argument processed when encrypting message. 
739 this trapwhich has probably snared hundreds thousands newcomers encryption. 
739 and probably fair number old hands too. 
739 snip and therein lies the rub. 
739 bug you prefer what gpg appears doing selecting the first matchfor the recipient argument that appears the public keyring. 
739 doesnt select all keys that match seems select only the first key that matches. 
739 the best knowledge this sub string matching behaviour has been the default behavior going all the way back the original version pgp. 
739 from playground march amso what can you prevent this happening you. 
739 dont use short key names like the een ing etc. 
739 anything else that likely subset larger name. 
739 specify your encryption recipients using the key ids not the names the keys gpg output output. 
739 enc recipient encrypt file. 
739 txthave nice day. 
739 and excellent advice. 
739 think that placing strings quotation marks might also help alleviate this problem well. 
740 from axolotl march amexcellent advice. 
740 think that placing strings quotation marks might also help alleviate this problem well. 
740 axolotlthank you axolotl liked the quoting solution that you suggested decided put the test. 
740 below you will find experiments test that solutionand also the email address solution. 
740 testing the quoting solution. 
740 the quoting solution suggests that the problem when processing the recipient argumentis solved simply putting the key name quotes shown below gpg output. 
740 enc someone file. 
740 txtwe can now attempt decrypt the message seewhich keys were used when was encrypted gpg decrypt output. 
740 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
740 onion bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
740 onion collapse the petro dollar collapse usdstill mention this file being encrypted withsomeones key. 
740 the quoting solution least with version gpg doesnt work. 
740 but note thats cygwin not linux perhaps works with other versions. 
740 testing the email address solution. 
740 the email address solution suggests that the way avoid the substring matching problem specify thekey specifying the email address presented the key. 
740 for example gpg output. 
740 enc someone domain. 
740 txtwhere the available public keys are gpg list keyspub eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
740 onion sub expires pub expires uid someone. 
740 com sub expires this does solve the problem gpg output. 
740 encgpg encrypted with bit rsa key created someone. 
740 com gpg decryption failed secret key not availablethis the expected response. 
740 this message has not been encrypted with the myname public key. 
740 can not decrypt this message because its been encrypted with the publickey for someone and dont have the private key for someone. 
740 have two solutions the substring matching problemwhen the recipient argument processed specify the recipient public key with the key specify the recipient public key with the full email address someone domain. 
740 comany other solutions. 
740 perspectives this problem are warmly welcomed. 
740 have nice day. 
740 and happy playground. 
741 ask paid bitcoin instead fiat currency. 
741 least portion your salary. 
741 sell your products services people for bitcoin. 
742 well that certainly inconvenient. 
742 verified with referral link and getting the same error. 
742 suspect this was done temporary measure against all the down time the site was experiencing last few weeks. 
743 from sorrymario march pmlol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
743 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
743 that makes lot sense. 
743 ive always found the logo butt ugly and random and couldnt understand why theyd use. 
743 figured had inside joke something. 
744 they already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providers. 
745 three mods were busted. 
745 dont think they comprised all the admins mods. 
746 not that much and since when was weekend bloody days. 
747 the price has always dropped the weekends. 
748 well big especially ass. 
749 this service was recently mentioned post bitcoin blender site. 
749 org forum thread. 
750 not trying sound like mirage here. 
750 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
751 from antl march pmcurious running linux likely not. 
751 actually based bsd unix all the gui stuff are just add ons top that basic foundation. 
752 from evilgrin march amnot trying sound like mirage here. 
752 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
752 better use truecrypt some other open source crypto software place closed source proprietary software like filevault. 
752 that said however for the average user the nsa likely never going get involved the fbi secret service will likely use access datas software attempt break the crypto dictionary attack the password attempting brute force the hope that short and weak. 
752 see the following washington post article brian krebs although this article years old now still informative. 
752 dna key decoding human factorsecret services distributed computing project aimed decoding encrypted evidenceby brian. 
752 com staff writermonday march. 
752 com dyn articles mar. 
752 html clearnet zaphod. 
753 from march amyes lot people seem use key linked clearnet mail service. 
753 also its very cumbersome the key uses another nickname than the name the market. 
753 with their real names attached. 
753 notice this when they give address and notice that they have their email their pgp public key using their real name and gmail address. 
754 from goblin february pmno. 
754 yeah thought saw them the other time. 
755 clicked the referal link posted this forum but agora still gives this error cannot register this time user limit reached. 
755 please wait until the full release. 
756 from crazy eights march amthey already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providerscan they smell what the rock cookin. 
757 from thedude march amquote from crazy eights march amthey already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providerscan they smell what the rock cookin dont give them that much credit. 
758 use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected and yeah its always worked that way. 
758 dont think its bug per. 
758 more like the intended behavior which may not match user expectations. 
759 yes lot people seem use key linked clearnet mail service. 
759 also its very cumbersome the key uses another nickname than the name the market. 
760 from ambiguity march pmjust need know this bluesky market another scheme the works genuine replacement for thesilkroad depends what you mean genuine replacement. 
760 ive been using bsm main site order from since the beginning january. 
760 the only problem ive ever had technically were the incredibly slow withdrawals last week. 
760 wrote about this length another thread and dont want murder everyone with the boring story again. 
760 two days row witdrawals took almost. 
760 but support answered ticket and explained that theyd been changing some the btc handling improve security. 
760 support always responds and does everything they can helpthe site the timeselection decent and there are many really solid vendors. 
760 its not enormous was but functionality and effective support what you mean may replacement. 
760 however without forum there will less silkroad drama vibe and dont know how bsm admin would make announcements there were problems with the site. 
761 hello people there bug gpg which related how the recipient argument processed when encrypting message. 
761 this trapwhich has probably snared hundreds thousands newcomers encryption. 
761 see the effect this bug following the steps below step start with clean slate. 
761 orig this renames your current. 
761 gnupg directory that thefollowing steps not pollute your gnupg keyrings step copy and paste the following public key into filecalled someone. 
761 asc then import the public keyinto your public key keyringgpg import someone. 
761 asc begin pgp public key block version gnupg euziceaeeanbji rujmzfuhc mxtvsqx pcizcaie arw tcozveno sszba istqig fdqx alaqqeqkct cupmpdxgp qxtg elivr ykj jden urn rkjkvtmtr kcfplrthvwni oavsznfurivwf ygxop zvuxdslqpeg jqrtoiiqaqqap rtlp hioqdqbvcgkcve lkstw bhcra baskhtlh arf ldfyo wdet tpyfza usw mquwjran fsduf ietn lqzqmhud gpuiqd vlkj bivna bgzgjn hnvjmzorwjg byvjzb lwdtktmp nknv udazubfo cmt sdujymzl vhusglq fnnawha kot kftoucdxvsf gwnn end pgp public key block after you have imported the someone public key you can check see that was imported correctly follows gpg list keys pub uid someonesub ebf looks good step then create public private key pair with which someone. 
761 gpg gen keyselect rsa rsa encryption options for encryption and signing bit key select expiry date your choice. 
761 select myname for the real nameselect for somename domain. 
761 com the email myname the comment. 
761 after the keys have been created you can checkyour public keyring shown below gpg list keys public keyspub eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
761 com sub expires pub uid someonesub ebf gpg list secret keys sec eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
761 com ssb you have your myname secret and public keysand you have only the public key for someone. 
761 step create some prophetic text into file for test encryption echo the collapse the petro dollar collapse usd file. 
761 txt step attempt encrypt this filegpg output output. 
761 enc recipient someone encrypt file. 
761 txt step now decrypt the output. 
761 enc file see which keys its been encrypted with gpg decrypt output. 
761 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
761 com bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
761 com what you dont see line telling you its been encrypted withthe key for somename. 
761 you should see but dont see line that says gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created and therein lies the rub. 
761 bug you prefer what gpg appears doing selecting the first matchfor the recipient argument that appears the public keyring. 
761 doesnt select all keys that match seems select only the first key that matches. 
761 step clean and restore your original keyrings. 
761 gnupg what can you prevent this happening you. 
761 dont use short key names like the een ing etc. 
761 anything else that likely subset larger name. 
761 specify your encryption recipients using the key ids not the names the keys gpg output output. 
761 enc recipient encrypt file. 
761 txthave nice day. 
762 from playground march amhello people there bug gpg which related how the recipient argument processed when encrypting message. 
762 this trapwhich has probably snared hundreds thousands newcomers encryption. 
762 and probably fair number old hands too. 
762 snip and therein lies the rub. 
762 bug you prefer what gpg appears doing selecting the first matchfor the recipient argument that appears the public keyring. 
762 doesnt select all keys that match seems select only the first key that matches. 
762 the best knowledge this sub string matching behaviour has been the default behavior going all the way back the original version pgp. 
762 from playground march amso what can you prevent this happening you. 
762 dont use short key names like the een ing etc. 
762 anything else that likely subset larger name. 
762 specify your encryption recipients using the key ids not the names the keys gpg output output. 
762 enc recipient encrypt file. 
762 txthave nice day. 
762 and excellent advice. 
762 think that placing strings quotation marks might also help alleviate this problem well. 
763 from axolotl march amexcellent advice. 
763 think that placing strings quotation marks might also help alleviate this problem well. 
763 axolotlthank you axolotl liked the quoting solution that you suggested decided put the test. 
763 below you will find experiments test that solutionand also the email address solution. 
763 testing the quoting solution. 
763 the quoting solution suggests that the problem when processing the recipient argumentis solved simply putting the key name quotes shown below gpg output. 
763 enc someone file. 
763 txtwe can now attempt decrypt the message seewhich keys were used when was encrypted gpg decrypt output. 
763 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
763 onion bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
763 onion collapse the petro dollar collapse usdstill mention this file being encrypted withsomeones key. 
763 the quoting solution least with version gpg doesnt work. 
763 but note thats cygwin not linux perhaps works with other versions. 
763 testing the email address solution. 
763 the email address solution suggests that the way avoid the substring matching problem specify thekey specifying the email address presented the key. 
763 for example gpg output. 
763 enc someone domain. 
763 txtwhere the available public keys are gpg list keyspub eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
763 onion sub expires pub expires uid someone. 
763 com sub expires this does solve the problem gpg output. 
763 encgpg encrypted with bit rsa key created someone. 
763 com gpg decryption failed secret key not availablethis the expected response. 
763 this message has not been encrypted with the myname public key. 
763 can not decrypt this message because its been encrypted with the publickey for someone and dont have the private key for someone. 
763 have two solutions the substring matching problemwhen the recipient argument processed specify the recipient public key with the key specify the recipient public key with the full email address someone domain. 
763 comany other solutions. 
763 perspectives this problem are warmly welcomed. 
763 have nice day. 
763 and happy playground. 
764 ask paid bitcoin instead fiat currency. 
764 least portion your salary. 
764 sell your products services people for bitcoin. 
765 well that certainly inconvenient. 
765 verified with referral link and getting the same error. 
765 suspect this was done temporary measure against all the down time the site was experiencing last few weeks. 
766 from sorrymario march pmlol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
766 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
766 that makes lot sense. 
766 ive always found the logo butt ugly and random and couldnt understand why theyd use. 
766 figured had inside joke something. 
767 they already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providers. 
768 three mods were busted. 
768 dont think they comprised all the admins mods. 
769 not that much and since when was weekend bloody days. 
770 the price has always dropped the weekends. 
771 well big especially ass. 
772 this service was recently mentioned post bitcoin blender site. 
772 org forum thread. 
773 not trying sound like mirage here. 
773 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
774 from antl march pmcurious running linux likely not. 
774 actually based bsd unix all the gui stuff are just add ons top that basic foundation. 
775 from evilgrin march amnot trying sound like mirage here. 
775 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
775 better use truecrypt some other open source crypto software place closed source proprietary software like filevault. 
775 that said however for the average user the nsa likely never going get involved the fbi secret service will likely use access datas software attempt break the crypto dictionary attack the password attempting brute force the hope that short and weak. 
775 see the following washington post article brian krebs although this article years old now still informative. 
775 dna key decoding human factorsecret services distributed computing project aimed decoding encrypted evidenceby brian. 
775 com staff writermonday march. 
775 com dyn articles mar. 
775 html clearnet zaphod. 
776 you dont have use hidden service for your keyserver you set right. 
776 keyserver hkps hkps. 
776 netkeyserver options cert file path the sks keyservers. 
776 honor keyserver urlof course that hooks you with public keyserver. 
776 also twofish over aes and and aes length isnt everything. 
777 from firelight april amquote from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
777 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
777 you can also put this gpg. 
777 confkeyid format xlongand youll see the long format with every gpg list keys. 
777 from playground april amwhen you say use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected. 
777 are you using regular gpg gpg with some special interface its regular command line gpg. 
777 type gpg and hit enter. 
777 now youre using interactively. 
777 gpg has lot options but you only have supply one. 
777 will interactively ask you for everything else. 
777 for just put armor gpg. 
777 conf and comment out the few times want binary. 
777 firelight thanks for your suggestions learned something. 
777 imagined interactively you were alluding some kind ncurses similar interface thatmight present options select from for recipients for files encrypt etc. 
777 now understand that interactively youre referring executing the gpg command without the recipient argument. 
777 this will cause gpg prompt the user for list recipientsits the difference between gpg output. 
777 enc keyid email file. 
777 txt thanks for this was useful suggestion. 
777 here demonstration this suggestion action found most useful first get listing all keys that matched the key names keyids email address ofthe keys wished use encrypt the message you can get subset listing all your public keysby specifying the key names ids emails the command line gpg list keys myname someonepub eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
777 onion sub expires pub expires uid someone. 
777 com sub expires now when execute the encryption command without the recipient argument can simply copy and paste the email addresses keyids from the listing above. 
777 notice that gpg prompts you for multiple recipients. 
777 after you specify each recipient gpg lists all the public keysthat will used encrypt the message. 
777 terminate the entry recipient keys just press return. 
777 txtyou did not specify user. 
777 you may use enter the user. 
777 end with empty line eaeb current recipients myname myname. 
777 onion enter the user. 
777 end with empty line bacurrent recipients someone. 
777 com myname myname. 
777 onion enter the user. 
777 end with empty line and check which keys were used the encryption gpg output. 
777 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
777 onion bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created someone. 
777 com gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
777 onion collapse the petro dollar collapse usdso its absolutely true using gpg interactively omitting the recipient argument the command line allows you see which keys are being used encrypt message. 
777 possibly this the best practice usage for encrypting msgs. 
777 good work firelight when able. 
777 will award you some karma points. 
777 have nice day. 
777 how have you ended with many karma points already theres inactive karma thread here. 
777 are you buying them joking. 
778 was very happy with the time using bitblender. 
778 the one mentioned the above post. 
778 there was also link had posted back the thread about the techincals. 
778 after waiting for days get btc was less then hour wash the btc the bitblender site. 
779 think any modern linux distro aes sha and bzip will available and selected but yeah that could adjusted. 
780 from playground march pmquote from axolotl march amexcellent advice. 
780 think that placing strings quotation marks might also help alleviate this problem well. 
780 axolotlthank you axolotl liked the quoting solution that you suggested decided put the test. 
780 below you will find experiments test that solutionand also the email address solution. 
780 testing the quoting solution. 
780 the quoting solution suggests that the problem when processing the recipient argumentis solved simply putting the key name quotes shown below gpg output. 
780 enc someone file. 
780 txtwe can now attempt decrypt the message seewhich keys were used when was encrypted gpg decrypt output. 
780 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
780 onion bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
780 onion collapse the petro dollar collapse usdstill mention this file being encrypted withsomeones key. 
780 the quoting solution least with version gpg doesnt work. 
780 but note thats cygwin not linux perhaps works with other versions. 
780 serves right for giving out off the cuff answer without checking first. 
780 pretty sure that all versions pgp gpg will exhibit the same behavior. 
781 from firelight march pmi use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected and yeah its always worked that way. 
781 dont think its bug per. 
781 more like the intended behavior which may not match user expectations. 
781 firelight want clear about what youre actually doing. 
781 using gpg the command line. 
781 typing commands encrypt file like this gpg output. 
781 enc someone somefile. 
781 txtthis will encrypt the file somefile. 
781 txt with someones public key and put the result file called output. 
781 when you say use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected. 
781 are you using regular gpg gpg with some special interface you type gpg version that the command line what does say. 
782 from playground april amquote from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
782 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
782 owockeznan thanks for your suggestion. 
782 there good chance two digit keyids colliding how many public keys would need have keyring beforethere was chance this happening. 
782 how many keys would you need generate order gettwo with the same keyid have nice day. 
782 and happy playground. 
782 there already web page devoted listing pgp short keyid collisions list short keyid collisions openpgp note this preliminary work still progress. 
782 such may contain errors omissions. 
782 you can send comments and suggestions italian english fabrizio. 
782 orgthis list generated parsing full keyserver dump obtained from keys. 
782 there are collisions short key ids ids. 
782 these keys are expired are revoked are part the strong set and are reachable from the strong set. 
782 are version keys are version keys and are version keys. 
782 there are collisions where both keys share the same user name collisions where both keys share the same version algorithm and length collisions where both keys share the same algorithm and length but different version and collisions where both keys share the same version regardless algo and length distributed follows table snipped because the formatting ruined when copying pasting. 
782 org static openpgp short keyid collisions. 
782 html clearnet axolotl. 
783 from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
783 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
783 owockeznan thanks for your suggestion. 
783 there good chance two digit keyids colliding how many public keys would need have keyring beforethere was chance this happening. 
783 how many keys would you need generate order gettwo with the same keyid have nice day. 
783 and happy playground. 
784 from weeble march pmquote from axolotl march pmquote from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
784 axolotlsince sends two days worth all messages the system everyone and you need try decode each message see for you you could certainly argue that horribly inefficient. 
784 but that the price for privacy and good way achieve. 
784 bitmessage literally the most resource intensive version pir there. 
784 its also horribly inefficient many other ways. 
784 have nothing against but its clearly made amateurs. 
784 they made many horrible mistakes the beginning. 
784 just wouldnt rely people who encrypted payload data with rsa implement encryption for. 
785 from blackstar march amso what the banks cant speculate with. 
785 the people are the ones oppressed and trying fly under the radar. 
785 its also great way for them get paid for counterfiet merch which you all know china has bunch. 
785 same with russia the people russia will use tor and btc evade government facisim right think just will take some time for the infrastructure become solid and then will grow steadily. 
785 right sure hope haha. 
785 gotta put the thoughts and positive energy into the atmosphere. 
785 indeed bitcoin for life. 
786 still there pushing steroids diet pills and benzos. 
786 the knockout pill midazolam very popular now. 
787 dont know how you guys use command line gpg without properly configured gpg. 
787 try adding these options use agentno greetingno emit versionno commentstrust model alwayscharset utf utf list modekeyid format xlongkeyserver. 
787 verbose the option above depends having http proxy like privoxy forwarding tors cipher preferences aes twofish aes aes blowfish cast despersonal digest preferences sha sha sha sha sha ripemd personal compress preferences bzip zlib zip digest algo sha. 
788 from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
788 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
788 you can also put this gpg. 
788 confkeyid format xlongand youll see the long format with every gpg list keys. 
788 from playground april amwhen you say use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected. 
788 are you using regular gpg gpg with some special interface its regular command line gpg. 
788 type gpg and hit enter. 
788 now youre using interactively. 
788 gpg has lot options but you only have supply one. 
788 will interactively ask you for everything else. 
788 for just put armor gpg. 
788 conf and comment out the few times want binary. 
789 from jules winnfield march amquote from march amyes lot people seem use key linked clearnet mail service. 
789 also its very cumbersome the key uses another nickname than the name the market. 
789 with their real names attached. 
789 notice this when they give address and notice that they have their email their pgp public key using their real name and gmail address. 
789 actually have written that reply this post without reading the first post which only involves people with short common key name but this issue the gpg keys with cleartext addresses needs addressed more serious manner. 
789 people are very easy with giving away public keys and markets not even scan the keys for security issues like email address other information and refuse accept compromising gpg keys. 
789 the should immediately address this problem. 
789 who agrees with this. 
789 will try raise the issue with the security thread seperate post. 
789 lazy tired and high its just copying pasting into security. 
790 questions were courteously answered between and hours from deemster april pmi have opened ticket support about certain withdrawl that need verifying asap have just noticed some are handled manually and can take hours stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and how long did take for them get back you thanks. 
791 bsm support usually gets back few hours. 
791 your transaction going for manual verification then you pretty much need wait out. 
792 multi bit powered bitcoinj thats really where you should looking for answers. 
792 first multibit doesnt support the features bitcoinj that allow proxy support that means that every node you directly talk the network knows your and knows you broadcast transaction. 
792 the only way get around that currently use something like whoonix which will enforce tor connections for all outgoing traffic running virtual machine. 
792 second multibit will use bloom filters speed block chain sync. 
792 bloom filters are potential privacy leak because they can tie addresses together. 
792 node that knows your bloom filter will able say know that certain transactions may related you altho isnt proven. 
792 you want nothing your wallet tied together via almost any means will take some work. 
792 keep your wallet completely offline. 
792 update balances for each address using seperate tor exit nodes and ideally several different public blockchain sites. 
792 never tie two your addresses together into single send recieve money from the same address your wallet. 
792 you need spend grab the outputs from your address spent using online computer sign offline and then push the out using anonymous method like. 
792 wizkid newstats pushtxn. 
792 php which will push the out eligiuss pool. 
793 from inromativeuser march ami checked out the site and was not impressed. 
793 the site requires too much from you slow and now unresponsive. 
793 too little freedom the site. 
793 not even sure how people are meant see your listings when you cant see them yourself. 
793 thanks much for your post was just looking through and although its great idea practice found and difficult nay impossible navigate. 
793 wouldnt put past just have missed these things until get some sleep. 
793 but how come there absolutely search functionality and how come the directory comepletely disorganized every possible way how are vendors and buyers supposed find each other. 
794 from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail plenty. 
794 from april pmlots vendors seem use their market down contact address thats precisely the problem. 
794 safe mail has become point concentration one stop shopping site for those involved potentially illegal activities and for lea well. 
794 forbes even went far write article the end january about safe mail wherein they were described the email provider choice for the darknet. 
794 forbes reporter even interviewed the ceo who stated was unaware the problem until forbes called that. 
794 far safe mails ceo concerned this both personal well professional black eye. 
794 any other context sure they would absolutely delighted the subject forbes article. 
794 not much this case suspect. 
794 now they will have the eyes lea them and order show they have not been turning blind eye illegal activity necessity they must begin crack down. 
794 emails will scrutinized never before. 
794 from april pmplease what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side encrypt sensitive you should encrypting everything. 
794 also bear mind that while you can control what you you cannot control what others. 
794 you cant anything about people sending you unencrypted email theyre dumb enough use clearnet email providers without tor. 
794 that said pgp does not protect the metadata. 
794 the email headers. 
794 these contain lot information interest the authorities. 
794 right now you can login safe mail through tor what they suddenly start blocking known tor exit nodes you only option logon through clearnet. 
794 non tor session then they can capture your address. 
794 remember this point pgp protects your message content tor protects you. 
795 from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail lots vendors seem use their market down contact address please what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side this post from. 
795 com anabolic lounge off topic discussion those who use safe mail net. 
795 html provides some insight for those who use safe mail. 
795 netimperial units measure being increasingly forgotten the peck should defined measure dry volume approximately two gallons size. 
795 other words one should eat quite few meals over period year more with someone before you trust him. 
795 appropriate that this anonymous proverb forms the opening for this issue being sovereign because one our anonymous colleagues has done quite bit research safe mail. 
795 net the israel based encrypted mail provider. 
795 wanted share some this information for your benefit. 
795 the way weve eaten peck salt with our anonymous colleague and have other reasons trust him. 
795 net one several mail services that offer provide secure encrypted web based mail service the general public. 
795 the idea seems that people who would not willing take the fairly short amount time learn use pgp encryption would able secure their mail trusting third party this case the folks safe mail. 
795 reject that idea several grounds. 
795 first the company that provides internet services for hosting the safe mail. 
795 net system barak. 
795 based our review the domain registration for safe mail. 
795 one three companies with license from the israeli government for providing similar internet services according the english language version their web site understand. 
795 perhaps merely coincidence that ehud barak was once head the israeli defense forces intelligence branch. 
795 second the safe mail. 
795 net system trap. 
795 our anonymous friend indicates that your address linked your mail account. 
795 the user agreement indicates that violation the user agreement employ anonymous proxy otherwise attempt mask your true address. 
795 while identifying information name address phone requested when you set account your address may traced your physical location least your specific internet service provider even dynamic addresses are used. 
795 thus your location and possibly your identity would exposed. 
795 also addresses are not stripped from mails you send from your safe mail account your recipients see this information. 
795 and course you may tempted identify yourself your correspondents within your purportedly encrypted mails. 
795 third safe mail. 
795 net makes the usual disclosure that they may disclose your account activity stored mails and other information upon court order law enforcement request. 
795 they make the unusual variation this disclosure stating that they may disclose these things whenever their interest. 
795 this vague contract clause should scare anyone who thinks about even briefly. 
795 given that barak. 
795 licensed the israeli government would seem quite likely that the israeli government could command that the data from all safe mail. 
795 net accounts provided the government and would clearly the best interests barak. 
795 and conceivably extension safe mail. 
795 net make such disclosure. 
795 then would seem become question whether you have reason trust the israeli government. 
795 found details about the encryption algorithms used provide for security with safe mail. 
795 investigation israeli law suggests that there mandate that encryption have back doors key escrow for use israeli authorities. 
795 again would appear matter whether you have reason trust the israeli government. 
795 dont have anything against the israeli government that dont also hold against nearly all other governments worldwide. 
795 widely known that israeli security and intelligence services have cooperative relationships with the related services other countries. 
795 for example usa government agency wanted information someone who happens use safe mail. 
795 net account seems logical suppose that request formal informal might made the israeli government. 
795 while impossible know whether not safe mail. 
795 net accounts are mossad transparent kind intelligence sting operation run the mossad others within the israeli government what publicly stated about the system seems closely aligned with what one would expect find that case. 
795 have information presently hand that would tend disprove the hypothesis that safe mail. 
795 net intelligence sting operation. 
795 there always free meat bear trap. 
795 whether you believe this post you the point why take chance there are much better free options than safe mail. 
796 from zaphod april pmquote from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail plenty. 
796 from april pmlots vendors seem use their market down contact address thats precisely the problem. 
796 safe mail has become point concentration one stop shopping site for those involved potentially illegal activities and for lea well. 
796 forbes even went far write article the end january about safe mail wherein they were described the email provider choice for the darknet. 
796 forbes reporter even interviewed the ceo who stated was unaware the problem until forbes called that. 
796 far safe mails ceo concerned this both personal well professional black eye. 
796 any other context sure they would absolutely delighted the subject forbes article. 
796 not much this case suspect. 
796 now they will have the eyes lea them and order show they have not been turning blind eye illegal activity necessity they must begin crack down. 
796 emails will scrutinized never before. 
796 from april pmplease what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side encrypt sensitive you should encrypting everything. 
796 also bear mind that while you can control what you you cannot control what others. 
796 you cant anything about people sending you unencrypted email theyre dumb enough use clearnet email providers without tor. 
796 that said pgp does not protect the metadata. 
796 the email headers. 
796 these contain lot information interest the authorities. 
796 right now you can login safe mail through tor what they suddenly start blocking known tor exit nodes you only option logon through clearnet. 
796 non tor session then they can capture your address. 
796 remember this point pgp protects your message content tor protects you. 
796 zaphodzaphod brings important point about metadata which can certainly compromise your privacy. 
796 minimize the metadata problem you can use lelantos mail over tor bitmessage mail gateway vfemail gold platinum accounts only. 
796 you can use bitmessage and eliminate metadata completely. 
797 from letters march pmotat silkkitielt ylh oma tili tilin asetukset ytt valuutta siihen vaikkapa btc. 
797 ihan tarkoittanut halusin tuotetta tehdess sille kiinte hinnan euroissa bitcoineissa. 
797 mutta hieman sen lkeen kun ketjun aloitin tuollainen mahdollisuus tehtiin. 
798 may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail lots vendors seem use their market down contact address please what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side. 
799 anyone had contact with leckermann with his pgp traded with him below the pgp put agora begin pgp public key block version gnupg mqenbfm mmbcadxo efpt ryn cnrptweg ddknzfpr oyh wtthzmbx qezbggnk gemmvpmuf xkjbec mivdutx yiv umh esro cyt syf zuhl thp vcciv jgp qfxetpsjbnkrj kcxck vhp hgi vqoc xtlqj xqpqtezq yta ozaqifehchmy iwxly tlcm hbm gpgxly tlcm hbm aywdvcmeuy ymgyeuyh pyn kqqp puf vjn fcwyun wwpk veusozvuo hmaizghzpd xdig hvu mcbppafs qwdwd fhq jkodmkk ivw tvtoojob bgpl pydlphvxabrh rhrezn xoym tormrwwinu fixsvj lqlx ior qdb ddqcbzn itxevr jgg abjzgtdyadw divbtua eocxa fpwwr bww udmdh xwgh hviza vgjwkmfpynbc xhc psx dly dtp jnbut qojonldwirtr kbfeaufxvda lmuxlq hbbx rsyjrs okxyz sncqe ruii bbs zkji acg uwwfoxn krpocpbr guqh kphkuyhhku bcj upcq uzpmelerv lcra hbo dcalbwaxhlb oqzrmz kcf dnb mysevqhh rjpix jibdllejg wgolqmumflhv heigcqtfqyra dlnrh qrli jihmmpsiazjod fyf fsimitkegk kog jwvefnrahauafy lvquqn exlobffvpcxctz ppicg uph eou lwqcokpwl cjkdzjsfil acyfjivqwofc crffo ifehnmdwntw upnnhsgn adhuojbq rgci end pgp public key block. 
800 from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail plenty. 
800 from april pmlots vendors seem use their market down contact address thats precisely the problem. 
800 safe mail has become point concentration one stop shopping site for those involved potentially illegal activities and for lea well. 
800 forbes even went far write article the end january about safe mail wherein they were described the email provider choice for the darknet. 
800 forbes reporter even interviewed the ceo who stated was unaware the problem until forbes called that. 
800 far safe mails ceo concerned this both personal well professional black eye. 
800 any other context sure they would absolutely delighted the subject forbes article. 
800 not much this case suspect. 
800 now they will have the eyes lea them and order show they have not been turning blind eye illegal activity necessity they must begin crack down. 
800 emails will scrutinized never before. 
800 from april pmplease what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side encrypt sensitive you should encrypting everything. 
800 also bear mind that while you can control what you you cannot control what others. 
800 you cant anything about people sending you unencrypted email theyre dumb enough use clearnet email providers without tor. 
800 that said pgp does not protect the metadata. 
800 the email headers. 
800 these contain lot information interest the authorities. 
800 right now you can login safe mail through tor what they suddenly start blocking known tor exit nodes you only option logon through clearnet. 
800 non tor session then they can capture your address. 
800 remember this point pgp protects your message content tor protects you. 
801 from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail lots vendors seem use their market down contact address please what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side this post from. 
801 com anabolic lounge off topic discussion those who use safe mail net. 
801 html provides some insight for those who use safe mail. 
801 netimperial units measure being increasingly forgotten the peck should defined measure dry volume approximately two gallons size. 
801 other words one should eat quite few meals over period year more with someone before you trust him. 
801 appropriate that this anonymous proverb forms the opening for this issue being sovereign because one our anonymous colleagues has done quite bit research safe mail. 
801 net the israel based encrypted mail provider. 
801 wanted share some this information for your benefit. 
801 the way weve eaten peck salt with our anonymous colleague and have other reasons trust him. 
801 net one several mail services that offer provide secure encrypted web based mail service the general public. 
801 the idea seems that people who would not willing take the fairly short amount time learn use pgp encryption would able secure their mail trusting third party this case the folks safe mail. 
801 reject that idea several grounds. 
801 first the company that provides internet services for hosting the safe mail. 
801 net system barak. 
801 based our review the domain registration for safe mail. 
801 one three companies with license from the israeli government for providing similar internet services according the english language version their web site understand. 
801 perhaps merely coincidence that ehud barak was once head the israeli defense forces intelligence branch. 
801 second the safe mail. 
801 net system trap. 
801 our anonymous friend indicates that your address linked your mail account. 
801 the user agreement indicates that violation the user agreement employ anonymous proxy otherwise attempt mask your true address. 
801 while identifying information name address phone requested when you set account your address may traced your physical location least your specific internet service provider even dynamic addresses are used. 
801 thus your location and possibly your identity would exposed. 
801 also addresses are not stripped from mails you send from your safe mail account your recipients see this information. 
801 and course you may tempted identify yourself your correspondents within your purportedly encrypted mails. 
801 third safe mail. 
801 net makes the usual disclosure that they may disclose your account activity stored mails and other information upon court order law enforcement request. 
801 they make the unusual variation this disclosure stating that they may disclose these things whenever their interest. 
801 this vague contract clause should scare anyone who thinks about even briefly. 
801 given that barak. 
801 licensed the israeli government would seem quite likely that the israeli government could command that the data from all safe mail. 
801 net accounts provided the government and would clearly the best interests barak. 
801 and conceivably extension safe mail. 
801 net make such disclosure. 
801 then would seem become question whether you have reason trust the israeli government. 
801 found details about the encryption algorithms used provide for security with safe mail. 
801 investigation israeli law suggests that there mandate that encryption have back doors key escrow for use israeli authorities. 
801 again would appear matter whether you have reason trust the israeli government. 
801 dont have anything against the israeli government that dont also hold against nearly all other governments worldwide. 
801 widely known that israeli security and intelligence services have cooperative relationships with the related services other countries. 
801 for example usa government agency wanted information someone who happens use safe mail. 
801 net account seems logical suppose that request formal informal might made the israeli government. 
801 while impossible know whether not safe mail. 
801 net accounts are mossad transparent kind intelligence sting operation run the mossad others within the israeli government what publicly stated about the system seems closely aligned with what one would expect find that case. 
801 have information presently hand that would tend disprove the hypothesis that safe mail. 
801 net intelligence sting operation. 
801 there always free meat bear trap. 
801 whether you believe this post you the point why take chance there are much better free options than safe mail. 
802 from zaphod april pmquote from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail plenty. 
802 from april pmlots vendors seem use their market down contact address thats precisely the problem. 
802 safe mail has become point concentration one stop shopping site for those involved potentially illegal activities and for lea well. 
802 forbes even went far write article the end january about safe mail wherein they were described the email provider choice for the darknet. 
802 forbes reporter even interviewed the ceo who stated was unaware the problem until forbes called that. 
802 far safe mails ceo concerned this both personal well professional black eye. 
802 any other context sure they would absolutely delighted the subject forbes article. 
802 not much this case suspect. 
802 now they will have the eyes lea them and order show they have not been turning blind eye illegal activity necessity they must begin crack down. 
802 emails will scrutinized never before. 
802 from april pmplease what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side encrypt sensitive you should encrypting everything. 
802 also bear mind that while you can control what you you cannot control what others. 
802 you cant anything about people sending you unencrypted email theyre dumb enough use clearnet email providers without tor. 
802 that said pgp does not protect the metadata. 
802 the email headers. 
802 these contain lot information interest the authorities. 
802 right now you can login safe mail through tor what they suddenly start blocking known tor exit nodes you only option logon through clearnet. 
802 non tor session then they can capture your address. 
802 remember this point pgp protects your message content tor protects you. 
802 zaphodzaphod brings important point about metadata which can certainly compromise your privacy. 
802 minimize the metadata problem you can use lelantos mail over tor bitmessage mail gateway vfemail gold platinum accounts only. 
802 you can use bitmessage and eliminate metadata completely. 
803 damn that really does suck its really dropping low. 
803 sorry hear youve lost much makes seem like nothing all. 
804 anyone had contact with leckermann with his pgp traded with him below the pgp put agora begin pgp public key block version gnupg mqenbfm mmbcadxo efpt ryn cnrptweg ddknzfpr oyh wtthzmbx qezbggnk gemmvpmuf xkjbec mivdutx yiv umh esro cyt syf zuhl thp vcciv jgp qfxetpsjbnkrj kcxck vhp hgi vqoc xtlqj xqpqtezq yta ozaqifehchmy iwxly tlcm hbm gpgxly tlcm hbm aywdvcmeuy ymgyeuyh pyn kqqp puf vjn fcwyun wwpk veusozvuo hmaizghzpd xdig hvu mcbppafs qwdwd fhq jkodmkk ivw tvtoojob bgpl pydlphvxabrh rhrezn xoym tormrwwinu fixsvj lqlx ior qdb ddqcbzn itxevr jgg abjzgtdyadw divbtua eocxa fpwwr bww udmdh xwgh hviza vgjwkmfpynbc xhc psx dly dtp jnbut qojonldwirtr kbfeaufxvda lmuxlq hbbx rsyjrs okxyz sncqe ruii bbs zkji acg uwwfoxn krpocpbr guqh kphkuyhhku bcj upcq uzpmelerv lcra hbo dcalbwaxhlb oqzrmz kcf dnb mysevqhh rjpix jibdllejg wgolqmumflhv heigcqtfqyra dlnrh qrli jihmmpsiazjod fyf fsimitkegk kog jwvefnrahauafy lvquqn exlobffvpcxctz ppicg uph eou lwqcokpwl cjkdzjsfil acyfjivqwofc crffo ifehnmdwntw upnnhsgn adhuojbq rgci end pgp public key block. 
805 check out codeacademy. 
805 com their php courses will get you through the most common functions and creating your own scripts pretty quickly. 
806 from presidente april for cant break the bank. 
806 you could all virtual for free virtual for free. 
807 from ambiguity april pmwell now sure dont have middle boxes house. 
807 and thought the tor folks had already patched all the exploits. 
807 offense intended but wtf are you talking about the more people that hits with exploit the more likely someone notice. 
807 the mass deployment the exploit every visitor guaranteed that would discovered. 
807 only uses high value days high value targets. 
807 the exploit was day and majority visitors were immune either because they had date browser bundles werent windows. 
807 was basically fishing expedition for the lowest hanging fruit boy talk about mixed metaphors. 
807 were high value target would definitely using physical isolation but doubt theres any exploit theyd use against that they wouldnt use against the masses and would quickly discovered. 
807 not convinced the usefulness physical isolation for myself given the cost but thats why build individual threat models. 
808 from firelight april pmquote from ambiguity april pmwell now sure dont have middle boxes house. 
808 and thought the tor folks had already patched all the exploits. 
808 offense intended but wtf are you talking about the more people that hits with exploit the more likely someone notice. 
808 the mass deployment the exploit every visitor guaranteed that would discovered. 
808 only uses high value days high value targets. 
808 the exploit was day and majority visitors were immune either because they had date browser bundles werent windows. 
808 was basically fishing expedition for the lowest hanging fruit boy talk about mixed metaphors. 
808 were high value target would definitely using physical isolation but doubt theres any exploit theyd use against that they wouldnt use against the masses and would quickly discovered. 
808 not convinced the usefulness physical isolation for myself given the cost but thats why build individual threat models. 
808 for cant break the bank. 
808 you could all virtual for free its just about damage limitation really the event either attack the browser accidental self its easy forget type torsocks before that ssh command etc. 
809 wonder this was the exploit another site. 
809 states that the malware would deployed for days but only logged users. 
809 read numerous reports that the exploit was served anyone who visited any site hosted. 
809 that kind drive deployment malware innocent people should illegal but doesnt appear. 
810 think there are few possibilities here. 
810 the document describing the exploit but was targeted specific users like web site admins for few weeks. 
810 then when they busted the admin and were ready take the server down they deployed against everyone last ditch effort catch the low hanging fruit. 
810 its possible that they were targeting high value users like admins sites for weeks earlier when the exploit basically was day. 
810 the document describing the exploit but they decided not target specific users and deployed for short time. 
810 the document describing site unrelated. 
811 from ambiguity april pmi see just lowly hashish eater here. 
811 also seems clear that some you guys know awful lot about. 
811 just saying wonder how that vfkpevtj hooker runs. 
812 from presidente april pmtj hooker runsnah its just logic. 
812 the more eyes there are the more likely something seen. 
812 once its seen people can protect themselves from. 
812 you dont burn valuable exploits the masses low value targets. 
812 also according snowden documents they target high value subjects with days but they used day everyone visiting. 
813 and the kind soul who pm'd. 
814 have opened ticket support about certain withdrawl that need verifying asap have just noticed some are handled manually and can take hours stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and how long did take for them get back you thanks. 
815 was very happy with the time using bitblender. 
815 the one mentioned the above post. 
815 there was also link had posted back the thread about the techincals. 
815 after waiting for days get btc was less then hour wash the btc the bitblender site. 
816 still there pushing steroids diet pills and benzos. 
816 the knockout pill midazolam very popular now. 
817 this place can cold. 
818 may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail lots vendors seem use their market down contact address please what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side. 
819 from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
819 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
819 you can also put this gpg. 
819 confkeyid format xlongand youll see the long format with every gpg list keys. 
819 from playground april amwhen you say use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected. 
819 are you using regular gpg gpg with some special interface its regular command line gpg. 
819 type gpg and hit enter. 
819 now youre using interactively. 
819 gpg has lot options but you only have supply one. 
819 will interactively ask you for everything else. 
819 for just put armor gpg. 
819 conf and comment out the few times want binary. 
820 dont know how you guys use command line gpg without properly configured gpg. 
820 try adding these options use agentno greetingno emit versionno commentstrust model alwayscharset utf utf list modekeyid format xlongkeyserver. 
820 verbose the option above depends having http proxy like privoxy forwarding tors cipher preferences aes twofish aes aes blowfish cast despersonal digest preferences sha sha sha sha sha ripemd personal compress preferences bzip zlib zip digest algo sha. 
821 think any modern linux distro aes sha and bzip will available and selected but yeah that could adjusted. 
822 from jules winnfield march amquote from march amyes lot people seem use key linked clearnet mail service. 
822 also its very cumbersome the key uses another nickname than the name the market. 
822 with their real names attached. 
822 notice this when they give address and notice that they have their email their pgp public key using their real name and gmail address. 
822 actually have written that reply this post without reading the first post which only involves people with short common key name but this issue the gpg keys with cleartext addresses needs addressed more serious manner. 
822 people are very easy with giving away public keys and markets not even scan the keys for security issues like email address other information and refuse accept compromising gpg keys. 
822 the should immediately address this problem. 
822 who agrees with this. 
822 will try raise the issue with the security thread seperate post. 
822 lazy tired and high its just copying pasting into security. 
823 yeah cmon guys dont start spreading fud about bluesky market now. 
823 works never seen down its clean and quick they have auto withdrawls for finalized orders btc rate lock and the admins are fair and responsive. 
823 that said ive never heard bluesky traders. 
824 yep are publishing some updates itll tad slow for few more minutes sorry for the lag. 
824 the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted. 
824 your idea search good one. 
825 from firelight march pmi use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected and yeah its always worked that way. 
825 dont think its bug per. 
825 more like the intended behavior which may not match user expectations. 
825 firelight want clear about what youre actually doing. 
825 using gpg the command line. 
825 typing commands encrypt file like this gpg output. 
825 enc someone somefile. 
825 txtthis will encrypt the file somefile. 
825 txt with someones public key and put the result file called output. 
825 when you say use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected. 
825 are you using regular gpg gpg with some special interface you type gpg version that the command line what does say. 
826 from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
826 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
826 owockeznan thanks for your suggestion. 
826 there good chance two digit keyids colliding how many public keys would need have keyring beforethere was chance this happening. 
826 how many keys would you need generate order gettwo with the same keyid have nice day. 
826 and happy playground. 
827 from playground april amquote from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
827 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
827 owockeznan thanks for your suggestion. 
827 there good chance two digit keyids colliding how many public keys would need have keyring beforethere was chance this happening. 
827 how many keys would you need generate order gettwo with the same keyid have nice day. 
827 and happy playground. 
827 there already web page devoted listing pgp short keyid collisions list short keyid collisions openpgp note this preliminary work still progress. 
827 such may contain errors omissions. 
827 you can send comments and suggestions italian english fabrizio. 
827 orgthis list generated parsing full keyserver dump obtained from keys. 
827 there are collisions short key ids ids. 
827 these keys are expired are revoked are part the strong set and are reachable from the strong set. 
827 are version keys are version keys and are version keys. 
827 there are collisions where both keys share the same user name collisions where both keys share the same version algorithm and length collisions where both keys share the same algorithm and length but different version and collisions where both keys share the same version regardless algo and length distributed follows table snipped because the formatting ruined when copying pasting. 
827 org static openpgp short keyid collisions. 
827 html clearnet axolotl. 
828 from firelight april amquote from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
828 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
828 you can also put this gpg. 
828 confkeyid format xlongand youll see the long format with every gpg list keys. 
828 from playground april amwhen you say use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected. 
828 are you using regular gpg gpg with some special interface its regular command line gpg. 
828 type gpg and hit enter. 
828 now youre using interactively. 
828 gpg has lot options but you only have supply one. 
828 will interactively ask you for everything else. 
828 for just put armor gpg. 
828 conf and comment out the few times want binary. 
828 firelight thanks for your suggestions learned something. 
828 imagined interactively you were alluding some kind ncurses similar interface thatmight present options select from for recipients for files encrypt etc. 
828 now understand that interactively youre referring executing the gpg command without the recipient argument. 
828 this will cause gpg prompt the user for list recipientsits the difference between gpg output. 
828 enc keyid email file. 
828 txt thanks for this was useful suggestion. 
828 here demonstration this suggestion action found most useful first get listing all keys that matched the key names keyids email address ofthe keys wished use encrypt the message you can get subset listing all your public keysby specifying the key names ids emails the command line gpg list keys myname someonepub eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
828 onion sub expires pub expires uid someone. 
828 com sub expires now when execute the encryption command without the recipient argument can simply copy and paste the email addresses keyids from the listing above. 
828 notice that gpg prompts you for multiple recipients. 
828 after you specify each recipient gpg lists all the public keysthat will used encrypt the message. 
828 terminate the entry recipient keys just press return. 
828 txtyou did not specify user. 
828 you may use enter the user. 
828 end with empty line eaeb current recipients myname myname. 
828 onion enter the user. 
828 end with empty line bacurrent recipients someone. 
828 com myname myname. 
828 onion enter the user. 
828 end with empty line and check which keys were used the encryption gpg output. 
828 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
828 onion bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created someone. 
828 com gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
828 onion collapse the petro dollar collapse usdso its absolutely true using gpg interactively omitting the recipient argument the command line allows you see which keys are being used encrypt message. 
828 possibly this the best practice usage for encrypting msgs. 
828 good work firelight when able. 
828 will award you some karma points. 
828 have nice day. 
828 how have you ended with many karma points already theres inactive karma thread here. 
828 are you buying them joking. 
829 from playground march pmquote from axolotl march amexcellent advice. 
829 think that placing strings quotation marks might also help alleviate this problem well. 
829 axolotlthank you axolotl liked the quoting solution that you suggested decided put the test. 
829 below you will find experiments test that solutionand also the email address solution. 
829 testing the quoting solution. 
829 the quoting solution suggests that the problem when processing the recipient argumentis solved simply putting the key name quotes shown below gpg output. 
829 enc someone file. 
829 txtwe can now attempt decrypt the message seewhich keys were used when was encrypted gpg decrypt output. 
829 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
829 onion bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
829 onion collapse the petro dollar collapse usdstill mention this file being encrypted withsomeones key. 
829 the quoting solution least with version gpg doesnt work. 
829 but note thats cygwin not linux perhaps works with other versions. 
829 serves right for giving out off the cuff answer without checking first. 
829 pretty sure that all versions pgp gpg will exhibit the same behavior. 
830 from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail plenty. 
830 from april pmlots vendors seem use their market down contact address thats precisely the problem. 
830 safe mail has become point concentration one stop shopping site for those involved potentially illegal activities and for lea well. 
830 forbes even went far write article the end january about safe mail wherein they were described the email provider choice for the darknet. 
830 forbes reporter even interviewed the ceo who stated was unaware the problem until forbes called that. 
830 far safe mails ceo concerned this both personal well professional black eye. 
830 any other context sure they would absolutely delighted the subject forbes article. 
830 not much this case suspect. 
830 now they will have the eyes lea them and order show they have not been turning blind eye illegal activity necessity they must begin crack down. 
830 emails will scrutinized never before. 
830 from april pmplease what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side encrypt sensitive you should encrypting everything. 
830 also bear mind that while you can control what you you cannot control what others. 
830 you cant anything about people sending you unencrypted email theyre dumb enough use clearnet email providers without tor. 
830 that said pgp does not protect the metadata. 
830 the email headers. 
830 these contain lot information interest the authorities. 
830 right now you can login safe mail through tor what they suddenly start blocking known tor exit nodes you only option logon through clearnet. 
830 non tor session then they can capture your address. 
830 remember this point pgp protects your message content tor protects you. 
831 from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail lots vendors seem use their market down contact address please what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side this post from. 
831 com anabolic lounge off topic discussion those who use safe mail net. 
831 html provides some insight for those who use safe mail. 
831 netimperial units measure being increasingly forgotten the peck should defined measure dry volume approximately two gallons size. 
831 other words one should eat quite few meals over period year more with someone before you trust him. 
831 appropriate that this anonymous proverb forms the opening for this issue being sovereign because one our anonymous colleagues has done quite bit research safe mail. 
831 net the israel based encrypted mail provider. 
831 wanted share some this information for your benefit. 
831 the way weve eaten peck salt with our anonymous colleague and have other reasons trust him. 
831 net one several mail services that offer provide secure encrypted web based mail service the general public. 
831 the idea seems that people who would not willing take the fairly short amount time learn use pgp encryption would able secure their mail trusting third party this case the folks safe mail. 
831 reject that idea several grounds. 
831 first the company that provides internet services for hosting the safe mail. 
831 net system barak. 
831 based our review the domain registration for safe mail. 
831 one three companies with license from the israeli government for providing similar internet services according the english language version their web site understand. 
831 perhaps merely coincidence that ehud barak was once head the israeli defense forces intelligence branch. 
831 second the safe mail. 
831 net system trap. 
831 our anonymous friend indicates that your address linked your mail account. 
831 the user agreement indicates that violation the user agreement employ anonymous proxy otherwise attempt mask your true address. 
831 while identifying information name address phone requested when you set account your address may traced your physical location least your specific internet service provider even dynamic addresses are used. 
831 thus your location and possibly your identity would exposed. 
831 also addresses are not stripped from mails you send from your safe mail account your recipients see this information. 
831 and course you may tempted identify yourself your correspondents within your purportedly encrypted mails. 
831 third safe mail. 
831 net makes the usual disclosure that they may disclose your account activity stored mails and other information upon court order law enforcement request. 
831 they make the unusual variation this disclosure stating that they may disclose these things whenever their interest. 
831 this vague contract clause should scare anyone who thinks about even briefly. 
831 given that barak. 
831 licensed the israeli government would seem quite likely that the israeli government could command that the data from all safe mail. 
831 net accounts provided the government and would clearly the best interests barak. 
831 and conceivably extension safe mail. 
831 net make such disclosure. 
831 then would seem become question whether you have reason trust the israeli government. 
831 found details about the encryption algorithms used provide for security with safe mail. 
831 investigation israeli law suggests that there mandate that encryption have back doors key escrow for use israeli authorities. 
831 again would appear matter whether you have reason trust the israeli government. 
831 dont have anything against the israeli government that dont also hold against nearly all other governments worldwide. 
831 widely known that israeli security and intelligence services have cooperative relationships with the related services other countries. 
831 for example usa government agency wanted information someone who happens use safe mail. 
831 net account seems logical suppose that request formal informal might made the israeli government. 
831 while impossible know whether not safe mail. 
831 net accounts are mossad transparent kind intelligence sting operation run the mossad others within the israeli government what publicly stated about the system seems closely aligned with what one would expect find that case. 
831 have information presently hand that would tend disprove the hypothesis that safe mail. 
831 net intelligence sting operation. 
831 there always free meat bear trap. 
831 whether you believe this post you the point why take chance there are much better free options than safe mail. 
832 from zaphod april pmquote from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail plenty. 
832 from april pmlots vendors seem use their market down contact address thats precisely the problem. 
832 safe mail has become point concentration one stop shopping site for those involved potentially illegal activities and for lea well. 
832 forbes even went far write article the end january about safe mail wherein they were described the email provider choice for the darknet. 
832 forbes reporter even interviewed the ceo who stated was unaware the problem until forbes called that. 
832 far safe mails ceo concerned this both personal well professional black eye. 
832 any other context sure they would absolutely delighted the subject forbes article. 
832 not much this case suspect. 
832 now they will have the eyes lea them and order show they have not been turning blind eye illegal activity necessity they must begin crack down. 
832 emails will scrutinized never before. 
832 from april pmplease what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side encrypt sensitive you should encrypting everything. 
832 also bear mind that while you can control what you you cannot control what others. 
832 you cant anything about people sending you unencrypted email theyre dumb enough use clearnet email providers without tor. 
832 that said pgp does not protect the metadata. 
832 the email headers. 
832 these contain lot information interest the authorities. 
832 right now you can login safe mail through tor what they suddenly start blocking known tor exit nodes you only option logon through clearnet. 
832 non tor session then they can capture your address. 
832 remember this point pgp protects your message content tor protects you. 
832 zaphodzaphod brings important point about metadata which can certainly compromise your privacy. 
832 minimize the metadata problem you can use lelantos mail over tor bitmessage mail gateway vfemail gold platinum accounts only. 
832 you can use bitmessage and eliminate metadata completely. 
833 and the kind soul who pmd. 
834 was browsing darknetmarkets when came across this thread. 
834 com darknetmarkets comments market review majestic gardens and now boss and intend bring many our pandora customers this market possible. 
834 fees will mean that can offer cheaper prices than ever before. 
834 this basically job. 
834 also smoke weed and write reviews about the weed along with writing threads and managing support tickets. 
834 thank you everyone. 
834 its dream come true. 
835 yeah cmon guys dont start spreading fud about bluesky market now. 
835 works never seen down its clean and quick they have auto withdrawls for finalized orders btc rate lock and the admins are fair and responsive. 
835 that said ive never heard bluesky traders. 
836 still there pushing steroids diet pills and benzos. 
836 the knockout pill midazolam very popular now. 
837 this place can cold. 
838 from blackstar march amso what the banks cant speculate with. 
838 the people are the ones oppressed and trying fly under the radar. 
838 its also great way for them get paid for counterfiet merch which you all know china has bunch. 
838 same with russia the people russia will use tor and btc evade government facisim right think just will take some time for the infrastructure become solid and then will grow steadily. 
838 right sure hope haha. 
838 gotta put the thoughts and positive energy into the atmosphere. 
838 indeed bitcoin for life. 
839 not really but some people choose sign messages way verify themselves. 
839 this can used you change key for example just sign the new key with your old can verified. 
840 from weeble march pmquote from axolotl march pmquote from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
840 axolotlsince sends two days worth all messages the system everyone and you need try decode each message see for you you could certainly argue that horribly inefficient. 
840 but that the price for privacy and good way achieve. 
840 bitmessage literally the most resource intensive version pir there. 
840 its also horribly inefficient many other ways. 
840 have nothing against but its clearly made amateurs. 
840 they made many horrible mistakes the beginning. 
840 just wouldnt rely people who encrypted payload data with rsa implement encryption for. 
841 there interesting amendment rule being proposed the pdf hosted here cryptome. 
841 org doj hacker attack. 
841 pdfif you can face read pages there also specific warrant example given for onion service presumably the summer take down freedom hosting but there are some tidbits scattered throughout the document. 
841 loosely there are suggestions relax territorial restrictions deployment malware viruses javascript pave the way for more rapid and presumably frequent deployment techniques. 
841 now better get those middle boxes between your endpoint and the internet need take unnecessary risks. 
841 inline something similar could save your bacon you get hit javascript browser other content driven remote attack. 
841 anyway here are some tasters. 
841 quotememo members criminal rules advisory committeefrom sara beale and nancy king reportersre rule proposaldate march this memorandum presents amendment rule tab that would permit court district where activities related crime have occurred issue warrant access searches electronic storage media and electronic information located within oroutside that district. 
841 the department justice requested that the committee consider thisamendment september see tab letter acting assistant attorney generalraman judge raggi september hereinafter doj letter. 
841 judge raggi referred the proposal rule subcommittee chaired judge keenan whose members are judge kethledge judge rice. 
841 filip professor kerr and. 
841 wroblewski representing the department justice. 
841 general subcommittee members agreedthat there are persuasive justifications for amendment authorizing remote electronic the authorizing district. 
841 the more difficult question was whether propose that would reach only limited subset cases described scenario below amore general provision. 
841 the computer server hosting website athrough investigation the fbi identified the physical computer server that hostswebsite. 
841 that computer located this district. 
841 however the identities the users website remain unknown. 
841 users tor based websites cannot identified from theip address logs the website. 
841 such logs will contain only the addresses tor exit nodes utilized the users. 
841 instead the identities the administrators and users website canpotentially determined using the network investigative technique described below. 
841 quotethe network investigative techniquebased training experience and the investigation described above haveconcluded that using network investigative technique may help fbi agents locate the users thechild pornography website. 
841 accordingly request authority use the nit which will bedeployed website investigate any user administrator who logs into any website byentering username and password. 
841 the normal course operation websites send content visitors. 
841 user scomputer downloads that content and uses display web pages the user computer. 
841 under thenit authorized this warrant the website would augment that content with some instructions. 
841 when computer successfully downloads those instructions from website the instructions are designed cause the activating computer deliver certain information acomputer controlled known the government. 
841 that information described with the warrant attachment this affidavit and the warrant authorizes obtaining. 
841 the nit will not deny the user the activating computer access any data that computer. 
841 the nit will reveal the government environmental variables and certain registry type information that may assist identifying the computer its location and the user thecomputer which constitute evidence violations the statutes cited paragraph. 
841 particular the nit will reveal the government information other than the following items which are alsodescribed attachment the activating computer actual address and the date and time that thenit determines what that address unique identifier. 
841 series numbers letters and distinguish the data from that other activating computers. 
841 that unique identifier will sent with and collected the nit the type operating system running the computer including type. 
841 windows and architecture. 
841 information about whether the nit has already been delivered the activating computer the activating computer host name. 
841 host name name that isassigned device connected computer network that used identifythe device various forms electronic communication such over the internet the activating computer media access control mac address. 
841 theequipment that connects computer network commonly referred asa network adapter. 
841 most network adapters have mac address assigned bythe manufacturer the adapter that designed unique. 
841 unique mac address allows for proper routing network. 
841 because the mac address does not changeand intended unique mac address can allow law enforcement toidentify whether communications sent received different times areassociated with the same adapterduring the thirty day period that the nit deployed website each timethat any user administrator logs into website entering username and password the nitauthorized this warrant will attempt cause the user computer send the above computer controlled known the government district. 
841 quotewe propose send mail redacted yahoo. 
841 com saying that thedatabase will back line. 
841 intend insert cipav into this mail. 
841 general cipav utilizes standard internet computer commands thatcomputers broadcast local networks and the internet. 
841 each type information will bediscussed turn. 
841 plan use the gather three types information addresses variables mac addresses and registry information. 
841 the first type information that the cipav will gather are what are referredto addresses and environment variables. 
841 addresses are discussed above inparagraph. 
841 the equivalent telephone number the internet. 
841 are information that the requesting computer sends server that the serverknows for example how format response that the requesting computer can read andrender for the viewer use. 
841 for example person attempts view website his hercomputer will send information about the type internet browser the user employing sothat the requested server will know what type information send back. 
841 this affidavit submitted support application for search warrant topermit conjunction with other agents the fbi and the information technology staffof the college use tool known computer andinternet protocol address verifier cipav for the purpose identifying and locating theperson who has been making unlawful access the computers the college. 
842 yeah cmon guys dont start spreading fud about bluesky market now. 
842 works never seen down its clean and quick they have auto withdrawls for finalized orders btc rate lock and the admins are fair and responsive. 
842 that said ive never heard bluesky traders. 
843 from presidente april pmtj hooker runsnah its just logic. 
843 the more eyes there are the more likely something seen. 
843 once its seen people can protect themselves from. 
843 you dont burn valuable exploits the masses low value targets. 
843 also according snowden documents they target high value subjects with days but they used day everyone visiting. 
844 from ambiguity april pmi see just lowly hashish eater here. 
844 also seems clear that some you guys know awful lot about. 
844 just saying wonder how that vfkpevtj hooker runs. 
845 think there are few possibilities here. 
845 the document describing the exploit but was targeted specific users like web site admins for few weeks. 
845 then when they busted the admin and were ready take the server down they deployed against everyone last ditch effort catch the low hanging fruit. 
845 its possible that they were targeting high value users like admins sites for weeks earlier when the exploit basically was day. 
845 the document describing the exploit but they decided not target specific users and deployed for short time. 
845 the document describing site unrelated. 
846 wonder this was the exploit another site. 
846 states that the malware would deployed for days but only logged users. 
846 read numerous reports that the exploit was served anyone who visited any site hosted. 
846 that kind drive deployment malware innocent people should illegal but doesnt appear. 
847 from presidente april for cant break the bank. 
847 you could all virtual for free virtual for free. 
848 from firelight april pmquote from ambiguity april pmwell now sure dont have middle boxes house. 
848 and thought the tor folks had already patched all the exploits. 
848 offense intended but wtf are you talking about the more people that hits with exploit the more likely someone notice. 
848 the mass deployment the exploit every visitor guaranteed that would discovered. 
848 only uses high value days high value targets. 
848 the exploit was day and majority visitors were immune either because they had date browser bundles werent windows. 
848 was basically fishing expedition for the lowest hanging fruit boy talk about mixed metaphors. 
848 were high value target would definitely using physical isolation but doubt theres any exploit theyd use against that they wouldnt use against the masses and would quickly discovered. 
848 not convinced the usefulness physical isolation for myself given the cost but thats why build individual threat models. 
848 for cant break the bank. 
848 you could all virtual for free its just about damage limitation really the event either attack the browser accidental self its easy forget type torsocks before that ssh command etc. 
849 from ambiguity april pmwell now sure dont have middle boxes house. 
849 and thought the tor folks had already patched all the exploits. 
849 offense intended but wtf are you talking about the more people that hits with exploit the more likely someone notice. 
849 the mass deployment the exploit every visitor guaranteed that would discovered. 
849 only uses high value days high value targets. 
849 the exploit was day and majority visitors were immune either because they had date browser bundles werent windows. 
849 was basically fishing expedition for the lowest hanging fruit boy talk about mixed metaphors. 
849 were high value target would definitely using physical isolation but doubt theres any exploit theyd use against that they wouldnt use against the masses and would quickly discovered. 
849 not convinced the usefulness physical isolation for myself given the cost but thats why build individual threat models. 
850 have opened ticket support about certain withdrawl that need verifying asap have just noticed some are handled manually and can take hours stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and how long did take for them get back you thanks. 
851 yep are publishing some updates itll tad slow for few more minutes sorry for the lag. 
851 the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted. 
851 your idea search good one. 
852 check out codeacademy. 
852 com their php courses will get you through the most common functions and creating your own scripts pretty quickly. 
853 this place can cold. 
854 you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
854 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
855 and the kind soul who pmd. 
856 there any way have this enabled default. 
857 you dont have use hidden service for your keyserver you set right. 
857 keyserver hkps hkps. 
857 netkeyserver options cert file path the sks keyservers. 
857 honor keyserver urlof course that hooks you with public keyserver. 
857 also twofish over aes and and aes length isnt everything. 
858 from firelight april amquote from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
858 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
858 you can also put this gpg. 
858 confkeyid format xlongand youll see the long format with every gpg list keys. 
858 from playground april amwhen you say use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected. 
858 are you using regular gpg gpg with some special interface its regular command line gpg. 
858 type gpg and hit enter. 
858 now youre using interactively. 
858 gpg has lot options but you only have supply one. 
858 will interactively ask you for everything else. 
858 for just put armor gpg. 
858 conf and comment out the few times want binary. 
858 firelight thanks for your suggestions learned something. 
858 imagined interactively you were alluding some kind ncurses similar interface thatmight present options select from for recipients for files encrypt etc. 
858 now understand that interactively youre referring executing the gpg command without the recipient argument. 
858 this will cause gpg prompt the user for list recipientsits the difference between gpg output. 
858 enc keyid email file. 
858 txt thanks for this was useful suggestion. 
858 here demonstration this suggestion action found most useful first get listing all keys that matched the key names keyids email address ofthe keys wished use encrypt the message you can get subset listing all your public keysby specifying the key names ids emails the command line gpg list keys myname someonepub eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
858 onion sub expires pub expires uid someone. 
858 com sub expires now when execute the encryption command without the recipient argument can simply copy and paste the email addresses keyids from the listing above. 
858 notice that gpg prompts you for multiple recipients. 
858 after you specify each recipient gpg lists all the public keysthat will used encrypt the message. 
858 terminate the entry recipient keys just press return. 
858 txtyou did not specify user. 
858 you may use enter the user. 
858 end with empty line eaeb current recipients myname myname. 
858 onion enter the user. 
858 end with empty line bacurrent recipients someone. 
858 com myname myname. 
858 onion enter the user. 
858 end with empty line and check which keys were used the encryption gpg output. 
858 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
858 onion bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created someone. 
858 com gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
858 onion collapse the petro dollar collapse usdso its absolutely true using gpg interactively omitting the recipient argument the command line allows you see which keys are being used encrypt message. 
858 possibly this the best practice usage for encrypting msgs. 
858 good work firelight when able. 
858 will award you some karma points. 
858 have nice day. 
858 how have you ended with many karma points already theres inactive karma thread here. 
858 are you buying them joking. 
859 was browsing darknetmarkets when came across this thread. 
859 com darknetmarkets comments market review majestic gardens and now boss and intend bring many our pandora customers this market possible. 
859 fees will mean that can offer cheaper prices than ever before. 
859 this basically job. 
859 also smoke weed and write reviews about the weed along with writing threads and managing support tickets. 
859 thank you everyone. 
859 its dream come true. 
860 from inromativeuser march ami checked out the site and was not impressed. 
860 the site requires too much from you slow and now unresponsive. 
860 too little freedom the site. 
860 not even sure how people are meant see your listings when you cant see them yourself. 
860 thanks much for your post was just looking through and although its great idea practice found and difficult nay impossible navigate. 
860 wouldnt put past just have missed these things until get some sleep. 
860 but how come there absolutely search functionality and how come the directory comepletely disorganized every possible way how are vendors and buyers supposed find each other. 
861 multi bit powered bitcoinj thats really where you should looking for answers. 
861 first multibit doesnt support the features bitcoinj that allow proxy support that means that every node you directly talk the network knows your and knows you broadcast transaction. 
861 the only way get around that currently use something like whoonix which will enforce tor connections for all outgoing traffic running virtual machine. 
861 second multibit will use bloom filters speed block chain sync. 
861 bloom filters are potential privacy leak because they can tie addresses together. 
861 node that knows your bloom filter will able say know that certain transactions may related you altho isnt proven. 
861 you want nothing your wallet tied together via almost any means will take some work. 
861 keep your wallet completely offline. 
861 update balances for each address using seperate tor exit nodes and ideally several different public blockchain sites. 
861 never tie two your addresses together into single send recieve money from the same address your wallet. 
861 you need spend grab the outputs from your address spent using online computer sign offline and then push the out using anonymous method like. 
861 wizkid newstats pushtxn. 
861 php which will push the out eligiuss pool. 
862 from weeble march pmquote from axolotl march pmquote from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
862 axolotlsince sends two days worth all messages the system everyone and you need try decode each message see for you you could certainly argue that horribly inefficient. 
862 but that the price for privacy and good way achieve. 
862 bitmessage literally the most resource intensive version pir there. 
862 its also horribly inefficient many other ways. 
862 have nothing against but its clearly made amateurs. 
862 they made many horrible mistakes the beginning. 
862 just wouldnt rely people who encrypted payload data with rsa implement encryption for. 
863 from blackstar march amso what the banks cant speculate with. 
863 the people are the ones oppressed and trying fly under the radar. 
863 its also great way for them get paid for counterfiet merch which you all know china has bunch. 
863 same with russia the people russia will use tor and btc evade government facisim right think just will take some time for the infrastructure become solid and then will grow steadily. 
863 right sure hope haha. 
863 gotta put the thoughts and positive energy into the atmosphere. 
863 indeed bitcoin for life. 
864 and the kind soul who pm'd. 
865 there any way have this enabled default. 
866 not really but some people choose sign messages way verify themselves. 
866 this can used you change key for example just sign the new key with your old can verified. 
867 from acidcat april amdamn that really does suck it's really dropping low. 
867 i'm sorry hear you've lost much makes seem like nothing all can't imagine what vendors are going through. 
868 how're you all doing things have been crazy pandora and boss budcentral and can't say that it'd safe sell solely that market. 
868 and we'd like bring our customers here fees and forums are such beautiful combination. 
868 i've got great feeling about this market. 
869 damn that really does suck it's really dropping low. 
869 i'm sorry hear you've lost much makes seem like nothing all. 
870 have couple coins stashed away but when need buy drugs dont touch the coins already have buy new bitcoin and use that immediately that way feel like not getting too badly affected the fluctuation price. 
870 stash for years time. 
871 check out codeacademy. 
871 com their php courses will get you through the most common functions and creating your own scripts pretty quickly. 
872 was very happy with the time using bitblender. 
872 the one mentioned the above post. 
872 there was also link had posted back the thread about the techincals. 
872 after waiting for days get btc was less then hour wash the btc the bitblender site. 
873 anyone had contact with leckermann with his pgp traded with him below the pgp put agora begin pgp public key block version gnupg mqenbfm mmbcadxo efpt ryn cnrptweg ddknzfpr oyh wtthzmbx qezbggnk gemmvpmuf xkjbec mivdutx yiv umh esro cyt syf zuhl thp vcciv jgp qfxetpsjbnkrj kcxck vhp hgi vqoc xtlqj xqpqtezq yta ozaqifehchmy iwxly tlcm hbm gpgxly tlcm hbm aywdvcmeuy ymgyeuyh pyn kqqp puf vjn fcwyun wwpk veusozvuo hmaizghzpd xdig hvu mcbppafs qwdwd fhq jkodmkk ivw tvtoojob bgpl pydlphvxabrh rhrezn xoym tormrwwinu fixsvj lqlx ior qdb ddqcbzn itxevr jgg abjzgtdyadw divbtua eocxa fpwwr bww udmdh xwgh hviza vgjwkmfpynbc xhc psx dly dtp jnbut qojonldwirtr kbfeaufxvda lmuxlq hbbx rsyjrs okxyz sncqe ruii bbs zkji acg uwwfoxn krpocpbr guqh kphkuyhhku bcj upcq uzpmelerv lcra hbo dcalbwaxhlb oqzrmz kcf dnb mysevqhh rjpix jibdllejg wgolqmumflhv heigcqtfqyra dlnrh qrli jihmmpsiazjod fyf fsimitkegk kog jwvefnrahauafy lvquqn exlobffvpcxctz ppicg uph eou lwqcokpwl cjkdzjsfil acyfjivqwofc crffo ifehnmdwntw upnnhsgn adhuojbq rgci end pgp public key block. 
874 check out codeacademy. 
874 com their php courses will get you through the most common functions and creating your own scripts pretty quickly. 
875 from presidente april for cant break the bank. 
875 you could all virtual for free virtual for free. 
876 from ambiguity april pmwell now sure dont have middle boxes house. 
876 and thought the tor folks had already patched all the exploits. 
876 offense intended but wtf are you talking about the more people that hits with exploit the more likely someone notice. 
876 the mass deployment the exploit every visitor guaranteed that would discovered. 
876 only uses high value days high value targets. 
876 the exploit was day and majority visitors were immune either because they had date browser bundles werent windows. 
876 was basically fishing expedition for the lowest hanging fruit boy talk about mixed metaphors. 
876 were high value target would definitely using physical isolation but doubt theres any exploit theyd use against that they wouldnt use against the masses and would quickly discovered. 
876 not convinced the usefulness physical isolation for myself given the cost but thats why build individual threat models. 
877 from firelight april pmquote from ambiguity april pmwell now sure dont have middle boxes house. 
877 and thought the tor folks had already patched all the exploits. 
877 offense intended but wtf are you talking about the more people that hits with exploit the more likely someone notice. 
877 the mass deployment the exploit every visitor guaranteed that would discovered. 
877 only uses high value days high value targets. 
877 the exploit was day and majority visitors were immune either because they had date browser bundles werent windows. 
877 was basically fishing expedition for the lowest hanging fruit boy talk about mixed metaphors. 
877 were high value target would definitely using physical isolation but doubt theres any exploit theyd use against that they wouldnt use against the masses and would quickly discovered. 
877 not convinced the usefulness physical isolation for myself given the cost but thats why build individual threat models. 
877 for cant break the bank. 
877 you could all virtual for free its just about damage limitation really the event either attack the browser accidental self its easy forget type torsocks before that ssh command etc. 
878 wonder this was the exploit another site. 
878 states that the malware would deployed for days but only logged users. 
878 read numerous reports that the exploit was served anyone who visited any site hosted. 
878 that kind drive deployment malware innocent people should illegal but doesnt appear. 
879 think there are few possibilities here. 
879 the document describing the exploit but was targeted specific users like web site admins for few weeks. 
879 then when they busted the admin and were ready take the server down they deployed against everyone last ditch effort catch the low hanging fruit. 
879 its possible that they were targeting high value users like admins sites for weeks earlier when the exploit basically was day. 
879 the document describing the exploit but they decided not target specific users and deployed for short time. 
879 the document describing site unrelated. 
880 from ambiguity april pmi see just lowly hashish eater here. 
880 also seems clear that some you guys know awful lot about. 
880 just saying wonder how that vfkpevtj hooker runs. 
881 from presidente april pmtj hooker runsnah its just logic. 
881 the more eyes there are the more likely something seen. 
881 once its seen people can protect themselves from. 
881 you dont burn valuable exploits the masses low value targets. 
881 also according snowden documents they target high value subjects with days but they used day everyone visiting. 
882 and the kind soul who pm'd. 
883 have opened ticket support about certain withdrawl that need verifying asap have just noticed some are handled manually and can take hours stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and how long did take for them get back you thanks. 
884 was very happy with the time using bitblender. 
884 the one mentioned the above post. 
884 there was also link had posted back the thread about the techincals. 
884 after waiting for days get btc was less then hour wash the btc the bitblender site. 
885 still there pushing steroids diet pills and benzos. 
885 the knockout pill midazolam very popular now. 
886 this place can cold. 
887 may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail lots vendors seem use their market down contact address please what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side. 
888 from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
888 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
888 you can also put this gpg. 
888 confkeyid format xlongand youll see the long format with every gpg list keys. 
888 from playground april amwhen you say use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected. 
888 are you using regular gpg gpg with some special interface its regular command line gpg. 
888 type gpg and hit enter. 
888 now youre using interactively. 
888 gpg has lot options but you only have supply one. 
888 will interactively ask you for everything else. 
888 for just put armor gpg. 
888 conf and comment out the few times want binary. 
889 dont know how you guys use command line gpg without properly configured gpg. 
889 try adding these options use agentno greetingno emit versionno commentstrust model alwayscharset utf utf list modekeyid format xlongkeyserver. 
889 verbose the option above depends having http proxy like privoxy forwarding tors cipher preferences aes twofish aes aes blowfish cast despersonal digest preferences sha sha sha sha sha ripemd personal compress preferences bzip zlib zip digest algo sha. 
890 think any modern linux distro aes sha and bzip will available and selected but yeah that could adjusted. 
891 from jules winnfield march amquote from march amyes lot people seem use key linked clearnet mail service. 
891 also its very cumbersome the key uses another nickname than the name the market. 
891 with their real names attached. 
891 notice this when they give address and notice that they have their email their pgp public key using their real name and gmail address. 
891 actually have written that reply this post without reading the first post which only involves people with short common key name but this issue the gpg keys with cleartext addresses needs addressed more serious manner. 
891 people are very easy with giving away public keys and markets not even scan the keys for security issues like email address other information and refuse accept compromising gpg keys. 
891 the should immediately address this problem. 
891 who agrees with this. 
891 will try raise the issue with the security thread seperate post. 
891 lazy tired and high its just copying pasting into security. 
892 yeah cmon guys dont start spreading fud about bluesky market now. 
892 works never seen down its clean and quick they have auto withdrawls for finalized orders btc rate lock and the admins are fair and responsive. 
892 that said ive never heard bluesky traders. 
893 yep are publishing some updates itll tad slow for few more minutes sorry for the lag. 
893 the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted. 
893 your idea search good one. 
894 from firelight march pmi use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected and yeah its always worked that way. 
894 dont think its bug per. 
894 more like the intended behavior which may not match user expectations. 
894 firelight want clear about what youre actually doing. 
894 using gpg the command line. 
894 typing commands encrypt file like this gpg output. 
894 enc someone somefile. 
894 txtthis will encrypt the file somefile. 
894 txt with someones public key and put the result file called output. 
894 when you say use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected. 
894 are you using regular gpg gpg with some special interface you type gpg version that the command line what does say. 
895 from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
895 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
895 owockeznan thanks for your suggestion. 
895 there good chance two digit keyids colliding how many public keys would need have keyring beforethere was chance this happening. 
895 how many keys would you need generate order gettwo with the same keyid have nice day. 
895 and happy playground. 
896 from playground april amquote from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
896 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
896 owockeznan thanks for your suggestion. 
896 there good chance two digit keyids colliding how many public keys would need have keyring beforethere was chance this happening. 
896 how many keys would you need generate order gettwo with the same keyid have nice day. 
896 and happy playground. 
896 there already web page devoted listing pgp short keyid collisions list short keyid collisions openpgp note this preliminary work still progress. 
896 such may contain errors omissions. 
896 you can send comments and suggestions italian english fabrizio. 
896 orgthis list generated parsing full keyserver dump obtained from keys. 
896 there are collisions short key ids ids. 
896 these keys are expired are revoked are part the strong set and are reachable from the strong set. 
896 are version keys are version keys and are version keys. 
896 there are collisions where both keys share the same user name collisions where both keys share the same version algorithm and length collisions where both keys share the same algorithm and length but different version and collisions where both keys share the same version regardless algo and length distributed follows table snipped because the formatting ruined when copying pasting. 
896 org static openpgp short keyid collisions. 
896 html clearnet axolotl. 
897 from firelight april amquote from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
897 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
897 you can also put this gpg. 
897 confkeyid format xlongand youll see the long format with every gpg list keys. 
897 from playground april amwhen you say use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected. 
897 are you using regular gpg gpg with some special interface its regular command line gpg. 
897 type gpg and hit enter. 
897 now youre using interactively. 
897 gpg has lot options but you only have supply one. 
897 will interactively ask you for everything else. 
897 for just put armor gpg. 
897 conf and comment out the few times want binary. 
897 firelight thanks for your suggestions learned something. 
897 imagined interactively you were alluding some kind ncurses similar interface thatmight present options select from for recipients for files encrypt etc. 
897 now understand that interactively youre referring executing the gpg command without the recipient argument. 
897 this will cause gpg prompt the user for list recipientsits the difference between gpg output. 
897 enc keyid email file. 
897 txt thanks for this was useful suggestion. 
897 here demonstration this suggestion action found most useful first get listing all keys that matched the key names keyids email address ofthe keys wished use encrypt the message you can get subset listing all your public keysby specifying the key names ids emails the command line gpg list keys myname someonepub eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
897 onion sub expires pub expires uid someone. 
897 com sub expires now when execute the encryption command without the recipient argument can simply copy and paste the email addresses keyids from the listing above. 
897 notice that gpg prompts you for multiple recipients. 
897 after you specify each recipient gpg lists all the public keysthat will used encrypt the message. 
897 terminate the entry recipient keys just press return. 
897 txtyou did not specify user. 
897 you may use enter the user. 
897 end with empty line eaeb current recipients myname myname. 
897 onion enter the user. 
897 end with empty line bacurrent recipients someone. 
897 com myname myname. 
897 onion enter the user. 
897 end with empty line and check which keys were used the encryption gpg output. 
897 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
897 onion bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created someone. 
897 com gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
897 onion collapse the petro dollar collapse usdso its absolutely true using gpg interactively omitting the recipient argument the command line allows you see which keys are being used encrypt message. 
897 possibly this the best practice usage for encrypting msgs. 
897 good work firelight when able. 
897 will award you some karma points. 
897 have nice day. 
897 how have you ended with many karma points already theres inactive karma thread here. 
897 are you buying them joking. 
898 from playground march pmquote from axolotl march amexcellent advice. 
898 think that placing strings quotation marks might also help alleviate this problem well. 
898 axolotlthank you axolotl liked the quoting solution that you suggested decided put the test. 
898 below you will find experiments test that solutionand also the email address solution. 
898 testing the quoting solution. 
898 the quoting solution suggests that the problem when processing the recipient argumentis solved simply putting the key name quotes shown below gpg output. 
898 enc someone file. 
898 txtwe can now attempt decrypt the message seewhich keys were used when was encrypted gpg decrypt output. 
898 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
898 onion bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
898 onion collapse the petro dollar collapse usdstill mention this file being encrypted withsomeones key. 
898 the quoting solution least with version gpg doesnt work. 
898 but note thats cygwin not linux perhaps works with other versions. 
898 serves right for giving out off the cuff answer without checking first. 
898 pretty sure that all versions pgp gpg will exhibit the same behavior. 
899 from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail plenty. 
899 from april pmlots vendors seem use their market down contact address thats precisely the problem. 
899 safe mail has become point concentration one stop shopping site for those involved potentially illegal activities and for lea well. 
899 forbes even went far write article the end january about safe mail wherein they were described the email provider choice for the darknet. 
899 forbes reporter even interviewed the ceo who stated was unaware the problem until forbes called that. 
899 far safe mails ceo concerned this both personal well professional black eye. 
899 any other context sure they would absolutely delighted the subject forbes article. 
899 not much this case suspect. 
899 now they will have the eyes lea them and order show they have not been turning blind eye illegal activity necessity they must begin crack down. 
899 emails will scrutinized never before. 
899 from april pmplease what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side encrypt sensitive you should encrypting everything. 
899 also bear mind that while you can control what you you cannot control what others. 
899 you cant anything about people sending you unencrypted email theyre dumb enough use clearnet email providers without tor. 
899 that said pgp does not protect the metadata. 
899 the email headers. 
899 these contain lot information interest the authorities. 
899 right now you can login safe mail through tor what they suddenly start blocking known tor exit nodes you only option logon through clearnet. 
899 non tor session then they can capture your address. 
899 remember this point pgp protects your message content tor protects you. 
900 from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail lots vendors seem use their market down contact address please what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side this post from. 
900 com anabolic lounge off topic discussion those who use safe mail net. 
900 html provides some insight for those who use safe mail. 
900 netimperial units measure being increasingly forgotten the peck should defined measure dry volume approximately two gallons size. 
900 other words one should eat quite few meals over period year more with someone before you trust him. 
900 appropriate that this anonymous proverb forms the opening for this issue being sovereign because one our anonymous colleagues has done quite bit research safe mail. 
900 net the israel based encrypted mail provider. 
900 wanted share some this information for your benefit. 
900 the way weve eaten peck salt with our anonymous colleague and have other reasons trust him. 
900 net one several mail services that offer provide secure encrypted web based mail service the general public. 
900 the idea seems that people who would not willing take the fairly short amount time learn use pgp encryption would able secure their mail trusting third party this case the folks safe mail. 
900 reject that idea several grounds. 
900 first the company that provides internet services for hosting the safe mail. 
900 net system barak. 
900 based our review the domain registration for safe mail. 
900 one three companies with license from the israeli government for providing similar internet services according the english language version their web site understand. 
900 perhaps merely coincidence that ehud barak was once head the israeli defense forces intelligence branch. 
900 second the safe mail. 
900 net system trap. 
900 our anonymous friend indicates that your address linked your mail account. 
900 the user agreement indicates that violation the user agreement employ anonymous proxy otherwise attempt mask your true address. 
900 while identifying information name address phone requested when you set account your address may traced your physical location least your specific internet service provider even dynamic addresses are used. 
900 thus your location and possibly your identity would exposed. 
900 also addresses are not stripped from mails you send from your safe mail account your recipients see this information. 
900 and course you may tempted identify yourself your correspondents within your purportedly encrypted mails. 
900 third safe mail. 
900 net makes the usual disclosure that they may disclose your account activity stored mails and other information upon court order law enforcement request. 
900 they make the unusual variation this disclosure stating that they may disclose these things whenever their interest. 
900 this vague contract clause should scare anyone who thinks about even briefly. 
900 given that barak. 
900 licensed the israeli government would seem quite likely that the israeli government could command that the data from all safe mail. 
900 net accounts provided the government and would clearly the best interests barak. 
900 and conceivably extension safe mail. 
900 net make such disclosure. 
900 then would seem become question whether you have reason trust the israeli government. 
900 found details about the encryption algorithms used provide for security with safe mail. 
900 investigation israeli law suggests that there mandate that encryption have back doors key escrow for use israeli authorities. 
900 again would appear matter whether you have reason trust the israeli government. 
900 dont have anything against the israeli government that dont also hold against nearly all other governments worldwide. 
900 widely known that israeli security and intelligence services have cooperative relationships with the related services other countries. 
900 for example usa government agency wanted information someone who happens use safe mail. 
900 net account seems logical suppose that request formal informal might made the israeli government. 
900 while impossible know whether not safe mail. 
900 net accounts are mossad transparent kind intelligence sting operation run the mossad others within the israeli government what publicly stated about the system seems closely aligned with what one would expect find that case. 
900 have information presently hand that would tend disprove the hypothesis that safe mail. 
900 net intelligence sting operation. 
900 there always free meat bear trap. 
900 whether you believe this post you the point why take chance there are much better free options than safe mail. 
901 from zaphod april pmquote from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail plenty. 
901 from april pmlots vendors seem use their market down contact address thats precisely the problem. 
901 safe mail has become point concentration one stop shopping site for those involved potentially illegal activities and for lea well. 
901 forbes even went far write article the end january about safe mail wherein they were described the email provider choice for the darknet. 
901 forbes reporter even interviewed the ceo who stated was unaware the problem until forbes called that. 
901 far safe mails ceo concerned this both personal well professional black eye. 
901 any other context sure they would absolutely delighted the subject forbes article. 
901 not much this case suspect. 
901 now they will have the eyes lea them and order show they have not been turning blind eye illegal activity necessity they must begin crack down. 
901 emails will scrutinized never before. 
901 from april pmplease what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side encrypt sensitive you should encrypting everything. 
901 also bear mind that while you can control what you you cannot control what others. 
901 you cant anything about people sending you unencrypted email theyre dumb enough use clearnet email providers without tor. 
901 that said pgp does not protect the metadata. 
901 the email headers. 
901 these contain lot information interest the authorities. 
901 right now you can login safe mail through tor what they suddenly start blocking known tor exit nodes you only option logon through clearnet. 
901 non tor session then they can capture your address. 
901 remember this point pgp protects your message content tor protects you. 
901 zaphodzaphod brings important point about metadata which can certainly compromise your privacy. 
901 minimize the metadata problem you can use lelantos mail over tor bitmessage mail gateway vfemail gold platinum accounts only. 
901 you can use bitmessage and eliminate metadata completely. 
902 you dont have use hidden service for your keyserver you set right. 
902 keyserver hkps hkps. 
902 netkeyserver options cert file path the sks keyservers. 
902 honor keyserver urlof course that hooks you with public keyserver. 
902 also twofish over aes and and aes length isnt everything. 
903 you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
903 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
904 there interesting amendment rule being proposed the pdf hosted here cryptome. 
904 org doj hacker attack. 
904 pdfif you can face read pages there also specific warrant example given for onion service presumably the summer take down freedom hosting but there are some tidbits scattered throughout the document. 
904 loosely there are suggestions relax territorial restrictions deployment malware viruses javascript pave the way for more rapid and presumably frequent deployment techniques. 
904 now better get those middle boxes between your endpoint and the internet need take unnecessary risks. 
904 inline something similar could save your bacon you get hit javascript browser other content driven remote attack. 
904 anyway here are some tasters. 
904 quotememo members criminal rules advisory committeefrom sara beale and nancy king reportersre rule proposaldate march this memorandum presents amendment rule tab that would permit court district where activities related crime have occurred issue warrant access searches electronic storage media and electronic information located within oroutside that district. 
904 the department justice requested that the committee consider thisamendment september see tab letter acting assistant attorney generalraman judge raggi september hereinafter doj letter. 
904 judge raggi referred the proposal rule subcommittee chaired judge keenan whose members are judge kethledge judge rice. 
904 filip professor kerr and. 
904 wroblewski representing the department justice. 
904 general subcommittee members agreedthat there are persuasive justifications for amendment authorizing remote electronic the authorizing district. 
904 the more difficult question was whether propose that would reach only limited subset cases described scenario below amore general provision. 
904 the computer server hosting website athrough investigation the fbi identified the physical computer server that hostswebsite. 
904 that computer located this district. 
904 however the identities the users website remain unknown. 
904 users tor based websites cannot identified from theip address logs the website. 
904 such logs will contain only the addresses tor exit nodes utilized the users. 
904 instead the identities the administrators and users website canpotentially determined using the network investigative technique described below. 
904 quotethe network investigative techniquebased training experience and the investigation described above haveconcluded that using network investigative technique may help fbi agents locate the users thechild pornography website. 
904 accordingly request authority use the nit which will bedeployed website investigate any user administrator who logs into any website byentering username and password. 
904 the normal course operation websites send content visitors. 
904 user scomputer downloads that content and uses display web pages the user computer. 
904 under thenit authorized this warrant the website would augment that content with some instructions. 
904 when computer successfully downloads those instructions from website the instructions are designed cause the activating computer deliver certain information acomputer controlled known the government. 
904 that information described with the warrant attachment this affidavit and the warrant authorizes obtaining. 
904 the nit will not deny the user the activating computer access any data that computer. 
904 the nit will reveal the government environmental variables and certain registry type information that may assist identifying the computer its location and the user thecomputer which constitute evidence violations the statutes cited paragraph. 
904 particular the nit will reveal the government information other than the following items which are alsodescribed attachment the activating computer actual address and the date and time that thenit determines what that address unique identifier. 
904 series numbers letters and distinguish the data from that other activating computers. 
904 that unique identifier will sent with and collected the nit the type operating system running the computer including type. 
904 windows and architecture. 
904 information about whether the nit has already been delivered the activating computer the activating computer host name. 
904 host name name that isassigned device connected computer network that used identifythe device various forms electronic communication such over the internet the activating computer media access control mac address. 
904 theequipment that connects computer network commonly referred asa network adapter. 
904 most network adapters have mac address assigned bythe manufacturer the adapter that designed unique. 
904 unique mac address allows for proper routing network. 
904 because the mac address does not changeand intended unique mac address can allow law enforcement toidentify whether communications sent received different times areassociated with the same adapterduring the thirty day period that the nit deployed website each timethat any user administrator logs into website entering username and password the nitauthorized this warrant will attempt cause the user computer send the above computer controlled known the government district. 
904 quotewe propose send mail redacted yahoo. 
904 com saying that thedatabase will back line. 
904 intend insert cipav into this mail. 
904 general cipav utilizes standard internet computer commands thatcomputers broadcast local networks and the internet. 
904 each type information will bediscussed turn. 
904 plan use the gather three types information addresses variables mac addresses and registry information. 
904 the first type information that the cipav will gather are what are referredto addresses and environment variables. 
904 addresses are discussed above inparagraph. 
904 the equivalent telephone number the internet. 
904 are information that the requesting computer sends server that the serverknows for example how format response that the requesting computer can read andrender for the viewer use. 
904 for example person attempts view website his hercomputer will send information about the type internet browser the user employing sothat the requested server will know what type information send back. 
904 this affidavit submitted support application for search warrant topermit conjunction with other agents the fbi and the information technology staffof the college use tool known computer andinternet protocol address verifier cipav for the purpose identifying and locating theperson who has been making unlawful access the computers the college. 
905 questions were courteously answered between and hours from deemster april pmi have opened ticket support about certain withdrawl that need verifying asap have just noticed some are handled manually and can take hours stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and how long did take for them get back you thanks. 
906 bsm support usually gets back few hours. 
906 your transaction going for manual verification then you pretty much need wait out. 
907 there any way have this enabled default. 
908 was browsing darknetmarkets when came across this thread. 
908 com darknetmarkets comments market review majestic gardens and now boss and intend bring many our pandora customers this market possible. 
908 fees will mean that can offer cheaper prices than ever before. 
908 this basically job. 
908 also smoke weed and write reviews about the weed along with writing threads and managing support tickets. 
908 thank you everyone. 
908 its dream come true. 
909 from inromativeuser march ami checked out the site and was not impressed. 
909 the site requires too much from you slow and now unresponsive. 
909 too little freedom the site. 
909 not even sure how people are meant see your listings when you cant see them yourself. 
909 thanks much for your post was just looking through and although its great idea practice found and difficult nay impossible navigate. 
909 wouldnt put past just have missed these things until get some sleep. 
909 but how come there absolutely search functionality and how come the directory comepletely disorganized every possible way how are vendors and buyers supposed find each other. 
910 multi bit powered bitcoinj thats really where you should looking for answers. 
910 first multibit doesnt support the features bitcoinj that allow proxy support that means that every node you directly talk the network knows your and knows you broadcast transaction. 
910 the only way get around that currently use something like whoonix which will enforce tor connections for all outgoing traffic running virtual machine. 
910 second multibit will use bloom filters speed block chain sync. 
910 bloom filters are potential privacy leak because they can tie addresses together. 
910 node that knows your bloom filter will able say know that certain transactions may related you altho isnt proven. 
910 you want nothing your wallet tied together via almost any means will take some work. 
910 keep your wallet completely offline. 
910 update balances for each address using seperate tor exit nodes and ideally several different public blockchain sites. 
910 never tie two your addresses together into single send recieve money from the same address your wallet. 
910 you need spend grab the outputs from your address spent using online computer sign offline and then push the out using anonymous method like. 
910 wizkid newstats pushtxn. 
910 php which will push the out eligiuss pool. 
911 from weeble march pmquote from axolotl march pmquote from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
911 axolotlsince sends two days worth all messages the system everyone and you need try decode each message see for you you could certainly argue that horribly inefficient. 
911 but that the price for privacy and good way achieve. 
911 bitmessage literally the most resource intensive version pir there. 
911 its also horribly inefficient many other ways. 
911 have nothing against but its clearly made amateurs. 
911 they made many horrible mistakes the beginning. 
911 just wouldnt rely people who encrypted payload data with rsa implement encryption for. 
912 have opened ticket support about certain withdrawl that need verifying asap have just noticed some are handled manually and can take hours stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and how long did take for them get back you thanks. 
913 was very happy with the time using bitblender. 
913 the one mentioned the above post. 
913 there was also link had posted back the thread about the techincals. 
913 after waiting for days get btc was less then hour wash the btc the bitblender site. 
914 still there pushing steroids diet pills and benzos. 
914 the knockout pill midazolam very popular now. 
915 this place can cold. 
916 may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail lots vendors seem use their market down contact address please what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side. 
917 from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
917 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
917 you can also put this gpg. 
917 confkeyid format xlongand youll see the long format with every gpg list keys. 
917 from playground april amwhen you say use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected. 
917 are you using regular gpg gpg with some special interface its regular command line gpg. 
917 type gpg and hit enter. 
917 now youre using interactively. 
917 gpg has lot options but you only have supply one. 
917 will interactively ask you for everything else. 
917 for just put armor gpg. 
917 conf and comment out the few times want binary. 
918 dont know how you guys use command line gpg without properly configured gpg. 
918 try adding these options use agentno greetingno emit versionno commentstrust model alwayscharset utf utf list modekeyid format xlongkeyserver. 
918 verbose the option above depends having http proxy like privoxy forwarding tors cipher preferences aes twofish aes aes blowfish cast despersonal digest preferences sha sha sha sha sha ripemd personal compress preferences bzip zlib zip digest algo sha. 
919 think any modern linux distro aes sha and bzip will available and selected but yeah that could adjusted. 
920 from jules winnfield march amquote from march amyes lot people seem use key linked clearnet mail service. 
920 also its very cumbersome the key uses another nickname than the name the market. 
920 with their real names attached. 
920 notice this when they give address and notice that they have their email their pgp public key using their real name and gmail address. 
920 actually have written that reply this post without reading the first post which only involves people with short common key name but this issue the gpg keys with cleartext addresses needs addressed more serious manner. 
920 people are very easy with giving away public keys and markets not even scan the keys for security issues like email address other information and refuse accept compromising gpg keys. 
920 the should immediately address this problem. 
920 who agrees with this. 
920 will try raise the issue with the security thread seperate post. 
920 lazy tired and high its just copying pasting into security. 
921 yeah cmon guys dont start spreading fud about bluesky market now. 
921 works never seen down its clean and quick they have auto withdrawls for finalized orders btc rate lock and the admins are fair and responsive. 
921 that said ive never heard bluesky traders. 
922 yep are publishing some updates itll tad slow for few more minutes sorry for the lag. 
922 the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted. 
922 your idea search good one. 
923 from firelight march pmi use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected and yeah its always worked that way. 
923 dont think its bug per. 
923 more like the intended behavior which may not match user expectations. 
923 firelight want clear about what youre actually doing. 
923 using gpg the command line. 
923 typing commands encrypt file like this gpg output. 
923 enc someone somefile. 
923 txtthis will encrypt the file somefile. 
923 txt with someones public key and put the result file called output. 
923 when you say use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected. 
923 are you using regular gpg gpg with some special interface you type gpg version that the command line what does say. 
924 from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
924 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
924 owockeznan thanks for your suggestion. 
924 there good chance two digit keyids colliding how many public keys would need have keyring beforethere was chance this happening. 
924 how many keys would you need generate order gettwo with the same keyid have nice day. 
924 and happy playground. 
925 from playground april amquote from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
925 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
925 owockeznan thanks for your suggestion. 
925 there good chance two digit keyids colliding how many public keys would need have keyring beforethere was chance this happening. 
925 how many keys would you need generate order gettwo with the same keyid have nice day. 
925 and happy playground. 
925 there already web page devoted listing pgp short keyid collisions list short keyid collisions openpgp note this preliminary work still progress. 
925 such may contain errors omissions. 
925 you can send comments and suggestions italian english fabrizio. 
925 orgthis list generated parsing full keyserver dump obtained from keys. 
925 there are collisions short key ids ids. 
925 these keys are expired are revoked are part the strong set and are reachable from the strong set. 
925 are version keys are version keys and are version keys. 
925 there are collisions where both keys share the same user name collisions where both keys share the same version algorithm and length collisions where both keys share the same algorithm and length but different version and collisions where both keys share the same version regardless algo and length distributed follows table snipped because the formatting ruined when copying pasting. 
925 org static openpgp short keyid collisions. 
925 html clearnet axolotl. 
926 from firelight april amquote from owockeznan april amif you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
926 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
926 you can also put this gpg. 
926 confkeyid format xlongand youll see the long format with every gpg list keys. 
926 from playground april amwhen you say use gpg interactively the terminal which allows you see immediately which recipient was selected. 
926 are you using regular gpg gpg with some special interface its regular command line gpg. 
926 type gpg and hit enter. 
926 now youre using interactively. 
926 gpg has lot options but you only have supply one. 
926 will interactively ask you for everything else. 
926 for just put armor gpg. 
926 conf and comment out the few times want binary. 
926 firelight thanks for your suggestions learned something. 
926 imagined interactively you were alluding some kind ncurses similar interface thatmight present options select from for recipients for files encrypt etc. 
926 now understand that interactively youre referring executing the gpg command without the recipient argument. 
926 this will cause gpg prompt the user for list recipientsits the difference between gpg output. 
926 enc keyid email file. 
926 txt thanks for this was useful suggestion. 
926 here demonstration this suggestion action found most useful first get listing all keys that matched the key names keyids email address ofthe keys wished use encrypt the message you can get subset listing all your public keysby specifying the key names ids emails the command line gpg list keys myname someonepub eaeb expires uid myname myname. 
926 onion sub expires pub expires uid someone. 
926 com sub expires now when execute the encryption command without the recipient argument can simply copy and paste the email addresses keyids from the listing above. 
926 notice that gpg prompts you for multiple recipients. 
926 after you specify each recipient gpg lists all the public keysthat will used encrypt the message. 
926 terminate the entry recipient keys just press return. 
926 txtyou did not specify user. 
926 you may use enter the user. 
926 end with empty line eaeb current recipients myname myname. 
926 onion enter the user. 
926 end with empty line bacurrent recipients someone. 
926 com myname myname. 
926 onion enter the user. 
926 end with empty line and check which keys were used the encryption gpg output. 
926 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
926 onion bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created someone. 
926 com gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
926 onion collapse the petro dollar collapse usdso its absolutely true using gpg interactively omitting the recipient argument the command line allows you see which keys are being used encrypt message. 
926 possibly this the best practice usage for encrypting msgs. 
926 good work firelight when able. 
926 will award you some karma points. 
926 have nice day. 
926 how have you ended with many karma points already theres inactive karma thread here. 
926 are you buying them joking. 
927 from playground march pmquote from axolotl march amexcellent advice. 
927 think that placing strings quotation marks might also help alleviate this problem well. 
927 axolotlthank you axolotl liked the quoting solution that you suggested decided put the test. 
927 below you will find experiments test that solutionand also the email address solution. 
927 testing the quoting solution. 
927 the quoting solution suggests that the problem when processing the recipient argumentis solved simply putting the key name quotes shown below gpg output. 
927 enc someone file. 
927 txtwe can now attempt decrypt the message seewhich keys were used when was encrypted gpg decrypt output. 
927 encyou need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser myname myname. 
927 onion bit rsa key created main key eaeb gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created myname myname. 
927 onion collapse the petro dollar collapse usdstill mention this file being encrypted withsomeones key. 
927 the quoting solution least with version gpg doesnt work. 
927 but note thats cygwin not linux perhaps works with other versions. 
927 serves right for giving out off the cuff answer without checking first. 
927 pretty sure that all versions pgp gpg will exhibit the same behavior. 
928 from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail plenty. 
928 from april pmlots vendors seem use their market down contact address thats precisely the problem. 
928 safe mail has become point concentration one stop shopping site for those involved potentially illegal activities and for lea well. 
928 forbes even went far write article the end january about safe mail wherein they were described the email provider choice for the darknet. 
928 forbes reporter even interviewed the ceo who stated was unaware the problem until forbes called that. 
928 far safe mails ceo concerned this both personal well professional black eye. 
928 any other context sure they would absolutely delighted the subject forbes article. 
928 not much this case suspect. 
928 now they will have the eyes lea them and order show they have not been turning blind eye illegal activity necessity they must begin crack down. 
928 emails will scrutinized never before. 
928 from april pmplease what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side encrypt sensitive you should encrypting everything. 
928 also bear mind that while you can control what you you cannot control what others. 
928 you cant anything about people sending you unencrypted email theyre dumb enough use clearnet email providers without tor. 
928 that said pgp does not protect the metadata. 
928 the email headers. 
928 these contain lot information interest the authorities. 
928 right now you can login safe mail through tor what they suddenly start blocking known tor exit nodes you only option logon through clearnet. 
928 non tor session then they can capture your address. 
928 remember this point pgp protects your message content tor protects you. 
929 from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail lots vendors seem use their market down contact address please what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side this post from. 
929 com anabolic lounge off topic discussion those who use safe mail net. 
929 html provides some insight for those who use safe mail. 
929 netimperial units measure being increasingly forgotten the peck should defined measure dry volume approximately two gallons size. 
929 other words one should eat quite few meals over period year more with someone before you trust him. 
929 appropriate that this anonymous proverb forms the opening for this issue being sovereign because one our anonymous colleagues has done quite bit research safe mail. 
929 net the israel based encrypted mail provider. 
929 wanted share some this information for your benefit. 
929 the way weve eaten peck salt with our anonymous colleague and have other reasons trust him. 
929 net one several mail services that offer provide secure encrypted web based mail service the general public. 
929 the idea seems that people who would not willing take the fairly short amount time learn use pgp encryption would able secure their mail trusting third party this case the folks safe mail. 
929 reject that idea several grounds. 
929 first the company that provides internet services for hosting the safe mail. 
929 net system barak. 
929 based our review the domain registration for safe mail. 
929 one three companies with license from the israeli government for providing similar internet services according the english language version their web site understand. 
929 perhaps merely coincidence that ehud barak was once head the israeli defense forces intelligence branch. 
929 second the safe mail. 
929 net system trap. 
929 our anonymous friend indicates that your address linked your mail account. 
929 the user agreement indicates that violation the user agreement employ anonymous proxy otherwise attempt mask your true address. 
929 while identifying information name address phone requested when you set account your address may traced your physical location least your specific internet service provider even dynamic addresses are used. 
929 thus your location and possibly your identity would exposed. 
929 also addresses are not stripped from mails you send from your safe mail account your recipients see this information. 
929 and course you may tempted identify yourself your correspondents within your purportedly encrypted mails. 
929 third safe mail. 
929 net makes the usual disclosure that they may disclose your account activity stored mails and other information upon court order law enforcement request. 
929 they make the unusual variation this disclosure stating that they may disclose these things whenever their interest. 
929 this vague contract clause should scare anyone who thinks about even briefly. 
929 given that barak. 
929 licensed the israeli government would seem quite likely that the israeli government could command that the data from all safe mail. 
929 net accounts provided the government and would clearly the best interests barak. 
929 and conceivably extension safe mail. 
929 net make such disclosure. 
929 then would seem become question whether you have reason trust the israeli government. 
929 found details about the encryption algorithms used provide for security with safe mail. 
929 investigation israeli law suggests that there mandate that encryption have back doors key escrow for use israeli authorities. 
929 again would appear matter whether you have reason trust the israeli government. 
929 dont have anything against the israeli government that dont also hold against nearly all other governments worldwide. 
929 widely known that israeli security and intelligence services have cooperative relationships with the related services other countries. 
929 for example usa government agency wanted information someone who happens use safe mail. 
929 net account seems logical suppose that request formal informal might made the israeli government. 
929 while impossible know whether not safe mail. 
929 net accounts are mossad transparent kind intelligence sting operation run the mossad others within the israeli government what publicly stated about the system seems closely aligned with what one would expect find that case. 
929 have information presently hand that would tend disprove the hypothesis that safe mail. 
929 net intelligence sting operation. 
929 there always free meat bear trap. 
929 whether you believe this post you the point why take chance there are much better free options than safe mail. 
930 from zaphod april pmquote from april pmi may have missed this but whats wrong with safe mail plenty. 
930 from april pmlots vendors seem use their market down contact address thats precisely the problem. 
930 safe mail has become point concentration one stop shopping site for those involved potentially illegal activities and for lea well. 
930 forbes even went far write article the end january about safe mail wherein they were described the email provider choice for the darknet. 
930 forbes reporter even interviewed the ceo who stated was unaware the problem until forbes called that. 
930 far safe mails ceo concerned this both personal well professional black eye. 
930 any other context sure they would absolutely delighted the subject forbes article. 
930 not much this case suspect. 
930 now they will have the eyes lea them and order show they have not been turning blind eye illegal activity necessity they must begin crack down. 
930 emails will scrutinized never before. 
930 from april pmplease what did miss about safe mail mean you encrypt sensitive anyway whats the down side encrypt sensitive you should encrypting everything. 
930 also bear mind that while you can control what you you cannot control what others. 
930 you cant anything about people sending you unencrypted email theyre dumb enough use clearnet email providers without tor. 
930 that said pgp does not protect the metadata. 
930 the email headers. 
930 these contain lot information interest the authorities. 
930 right now you can login safe mail through tor what they suddenly start blocking known tor exit nodes you only option logon through clearnet. 
930 non tor session then they can capture your address. 
930 remember this point pgp protects your message content tor protects you. 
930 zaphodzaphod brings important point about metadata which can certainly compromise your privacy. 
930 minimize the metadata problem you can use lelantos mail over tor bitmessage mail gateway vfemail gold platinum accounts only. 
930 you can use bitmessage and eliminate metadata completely. 
931 you dont have use hidden service for your keyserver you set right. 
931 keyserver hkps hkps. 
931 netkeyserver options cert file path the sks keyservers. 
931 honor keyserver urlof course that hooks you with public keyserver. 
931 also twofish over aes and and aes length isnt everything. 
932 you really want sure who you are sending dont use the short form keyid. 
932 use the keys fingerprint which you can get with the with fingerprint option when listing keys. 
933 there interesting amendment rule being proposed the pdf hosted here cryptome. 
933 org doj hacker attack. 
933 pdfif you can face read pages there also specific warrant example given for onion service presumably the summer take down freedom hosting but there are some tidbits scattered throughout the document. 
933 loosely there are suggestions relax territorial restrictions deployment malware viruses javascript pave the way for more rapid and presumably frequent deployment techniques. 
933 now better get those middle boxes between your endpoint and the internet need take unnecessary risks. 
933 inline something similar could save your bacon you get hit javascript browser other content driven remote attack. 
933 anyway here are some tasters. 
933 quotememo members criminal rules advisory committeefrom sara beale and nancy king reportersre rule proposaldate march this memorandum presents amendment rule tab that would permit court district where activities related crime have occurred issue warrant access searches electronic storage media and electronic information located within oroutside that district. 
933 the department justice requested that the committee consider thisamendment september see tab letter acting assistant attorney generalraman judge raggi september hereinafter doj letter. 
933 judge raggi referred the proposal rule subcommittee chaired judge keenan whose members are judge kethledge judge rice. 
933 filip professor kerr and. 
933 wroblewski representing the department justice. 
933 general subcommittee members agreedthat there are persuasive justifications for amendment authorizing remote electronic the authorizing district. 
933 the more difficult question was whether propose that would reach only limited subset cases described scenario below amore general provision. 
933 the computer server hosting website athrough investigation the fbi identified the physical computer server that hostswebsite. 
933 that computer located this district. 
933 however the identities the users website remain unknown. 
933 users tor based websites cannot identified from theip address logs the website. 
933 such logs will contain only the addresses tor exit nodes utilized the users. 
933 instead the identities the administrators and users website canpotentially determined using the network investigative technique described below. 
933 quotethe network investigative techniquebased training experience and the investigation described above haveconcluded that using network investigative technique may help fbi agents locate the users thechild pornography website. 
933 accordingly request authority use the nit which will bedeployed website investigate any user administrator who logs into any website byentering username and password. 
933 the normal course operation websites send content visitors. 
933 user scomputer downloads that content and uses display web pages the user computer. 
933 under thenit authorized this warrant the website would augment that content with some instructions. 
933 when computer successfully downloads those instructions from website the instructions are designed cause the activating computer deliver certain information acomputer controlled known the government. 
933 that information described with the warrant attachment this affidavit and the warrant authorizes obtaining. 
933 the nit will not deny the user the activating computer access any data that computer. 
933 the nit will reveal the government environmental variables and certain registry type information that may assist identifying the computer its location and the user thecomputer which constitute evidence violations the statutes cited paragraph. 
933 particular the nit will reveal the government information other than the following items which are alsodescribed attachment the activating computer actual address and the date and time that thenit determines what that address unique identifier. 
933 series numbers letters and distinguish the data from that other activating computers. 
933 that unique identifier will sent with and collected the nit the type operating system running the computer including type. 
933 windows and architecture. 
933 information about whether the nit has already been delivered the activating computer the activating computer host name. 
933 host name name that isassigned device connected computer network that used identifythe device various forms electronic communication such over the internet the activating computer media access control mac address. 
933 theequipment that connects computer network commonly referred asa network adapter. 
933 most network adapters have mac address assigned bythe manufacturer the adapter that designed unique. 
933 unique mac address allows for proper routing network. 
933 because the mac address does not changeand intended unique mac address can allow law enforcement toidentify whether communications sent received different times areassociated with the same adapterduring the thirty day period that the nit deployed website each timethat any user administrator logs into website entering username and password the nitauthorized this warrant will attempt cause the user computer send the above computer controlled known the government district. 
933 quotewe propose send mail redacted yahoo. 
933 com saying that thedatabase will back line. 
933 intend insert cipav into this mail. 
933 general cipav utilizes standard internet computer commands thatcomputers broadcast local networks and the internet. 
933 each type information will bediscussed turn. 
933 plan use the gather three types information addresses variables mac addresses and registry information. 
933 the first type information that the cipav will gather are what are referredto addresses and environment variables. 
933 addresses are discussed above inparagraph. 
933 the equivalent telephone number the internet. 
933 are information that the requesting computer sends server that the serverknows for example how format response that the requesting computer can read andrender for the viewer use. 
933 for example person attempts view website his hercomputer will send information about the type internet browser the user employing sothat the requested server will know what type information send back. 
933 this affidavit submitted support application for search warrant topermit conjunction with other agents the fbi and the information technology staffof the college use tool known computer andinternet protocol address verifier cipav for the purpose identifying and locating theperson who has been making unlawful access the computers the college. 
934 questions were courteously answered between and hours from deemster april pmi have opened ticket support about certain withdrawl that need verifying asap have just noticed some are handled manually and can take hours stressing out has anubody here dealt with support and how long did take for them get back you thanks. 
935 bsm support usually gets back few hours. 
935 your transaction going for manual verification then you pretty much need wait out. 
936 there any way have this enabled default. 
937 was browsing darknetmarkets when came across this thread. 
937 com darknetmarkets comments market review majestic gardens and now boss and intend bring many our pandora customers this market possible. 
937 fees will mean that can offer cheaper prices than ever before. 
937 this basically job. 
937 also smoke weed and write reviews about the weed along with writing threads and managing support tickets. 
937 thank you everyone. 
937 its dream come true. 
938 from inromativeuser march ami checked out the site and was not impressed. 
938 the site requires too much from you slow and now unresponsive. 
938 too little freedom the site. 
938 not even sure how people are meant see your listings when you cant see them yourself. 
938 thanks much for your post was just looking through and although its great idea practice found and difficult nay impossible navigate. 
938 wouldnt put past just have missed these things until get some sleep. 
938 but how come there absolutely search functionality and how come the directory comepletely disorganized every possible way how are vendors and buyers supposed find each other. 
939 multi bit powered bitcoinj thats really where you should looking for answers. 
939 first multibit doesnt support the features bitcoinj that allow proxy support that means that every node you directly talk the network knows your and knows you broadcast transaction. 
939 the only way get around that currently use something like whoonix which will enforce tor connections for all outgoing traffic running virtual machine. 
939 second multibit will use bloom filters speed block chain sync. 
939 bloom filters are potential privacy leak because they can tie addresses together. 
939 node that knows your bloom filter will able say know that certain transactions may related you altho isnt proven. 
939 you want nothing your wallet tied together via almost any means will take some work. 
939 keep your wallet completely offline. 
939 update balances for each address using seperate tor exit nodes and ideally several different public blockchain sites. 
939 never tie two your addresses together into single send recieve money from the same address your wallet. 
939 you need spend grab the outputs from your address spent using online computer sign offline and then push the out using anonymous method like. 
939 wizkid newstats pushtxn. 
939 php which will push the out eligiuss pool. 
940 from weeble march pmquote from axolotl march pmquote from axa march pmbefore making claims that bitmessage resource hog you should download the client and try out for yourself. 
940 axolotlsince sends two days worth all messages the system everyone and you need try decode each message see for you you could certainly argue that horribly inefficient. 
940 but that the price for privacy and good way achieve. 
940 bitmessage literally the most resource intensive version pir there. 
940 its also horribly inefficient many other ways. 
940 have nothing against but its clearly made amateurs. 
940 they made many horrible mistakes the beginning. 
940 just wouldnt rely people who encrypted payload data with rsa implement encryption for. 
941 was earlier today but now its down again. 
941 the forum spammed death shoe spammers one post per minute and the mod there one does nothing. 
942 they were having some trouble with uptime while back but seems running just fine lately. 
943 from hou april amwhat can they without nothing. 
943 its harder exploit the browser without javascript but its nowhere near impossible. 
943 off the top head font rendering and image handling are two less areas where ive seen usable exploits for firefox etc. 
944 epailen vahvasti etta suoriudun tehtavasta silla olen ihan tays kasi koneiden kanssa. 
944 mutta kiitos paljon vaivannaostasi. 
945 kysyn teilta etta miten esimerkiksi tuotteen onnistuu usb tikun kautta onnistuin siina pariin otteeseen mutta nyt jotenkin piilottanut tuon muistikortin enka kuvia tuotteista eli tarvis neuvoa tuon muistikortin loytamisen kanssa. 
945 noh sen tein loytanyt. 
945 kiitos sille kuka neuvoa. 
946 firelight originally posted these suggestions for the gpg. 
946 verbose the option above depends having http proxy like privoxy forwarding tors socksportquote from owockeznan april amyou dont have use hidden service for your keyserver you set right. 
946 keyserver hkps hkps. 
946 netkeyserver options cert file path the sks keyservers. 
946 honor keyserver urlof course that hooks you with public keyserver. 
946 firelight owockeznan why would you want connected keyserver understand that the non darknet world convenient. 
946 but why would you want publish your darknet public keys leo can easily access them. 
946 leo doesnt need the troubleof busting vendor buyer pick pieces theycan put together later. 
946 leo raids keyserver wont they have access the logs for the keyserver perhaps those logs identify the address the original submitter the key and those who chose access your keys later. 
946 and what are the essential differences between firelights keysever setup and owockeznans keyserver setup thanks for your help. 
946 have nice day. 
948 that was the one was looking for but couldnt find. 
948 and true there are much easier ways find out what you are encrypting than breaking the encryption. 
948 brute force useless dont even see why its used example. 
949 the post above point although tor was developed for masking your address not log onto your bank account facebook etc. 
949 while running itits opsec thing your the darknet you are here for reason and should you require clear net access log off tor simplestay safe. 
950 butt ugly they took because was too much trouble make their own. 
950 same reason they ripped off breaking bads logo for the forum. 
950 the forum fucked now spammers. 
951 from playground april amwhy would you want connected keyserver never use keyserver but have set anyway. 
951 quoteand what are the essential differences between firelights keysever setup and owockeznans keyserver setup mine hidden service and his clearnet server. 
951 your proxy failed for some reason you would connect the keyserver over clearnet his setup linking your address the key you want fetch while the connection would simply fail setup although there would probably dns leak. 
952 and does down regularly was just about send btc. 
953 mit jos kokeilet mountata tuon usb tikun menn ytt ksi sut ett mill nimell usb tikku fdisk lsitten menn mnt hakemistoon mnt tehd tikulle hakemisto mkdir usbtikkusitten tikku sda tilalla pit olla fdisk ytynyt tikku mount dev sda mnt usbtikkun tikku umount mnt kuvat lis tty. 
953 org howto mount usb drive linux. 
954 from deepify april pmyep are publishing some updates itll tad slow for few more minutes sorry for the lag. 
954 the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted. 
954 your idea search good one. 
954 thsnks for the reply its reassuring that youre paying attention prospective shopkeepers. 
954 couldnt use without search both for vendor and product. 
954 looking that directory last night was headache inducing and impossible find specific items. 
954 yes please search function the very least. 
954 wont work any more store until becomes navigable group stores rather than chaotic jumble. 
955 from ambiguity april pmhow about mail. 
955 com know you still need the pgp yourself but its always worked well for. 
955 take look mail. 
955 coms privacy policy. 
955 com company privacypolicy. 
955 footer nav you might well using gmail god forbid. 
956 from axa april amquote from ambiguity april pmhow about mail. 
956 com know you still need the pgp yourself but its always worked well for. 
956 take look mail. 
956 coms privacy policy. 
956 com company privacypolicy. 
956 footer nav you might well using gmail god forbid. 
956 what contained mail other service providers policy absolutely totally irrelevant. 
956 provider can have the most stringent privacy policy the planet but when the authorities show with legal paper badge all that disappears puff smoke they hand over your information. 
956 case point hushmail. 
956 here are copies hushmails faqs from the internet wayback machine. 
956 hush removed these from their sites after they bent over and spread their cheeks for the dea but see just how explicit their promises were and compare them with the reality that over decrypted emails were handed over the dea. 
956 there are great many people who spent time jail because they relied hushmails privacy polices promises. 
956 privacy policy non starter the only thing that matters privacy design. 
956 quotedoes hushmail have back door that can accessed government agencies. 
956 email which includes attachments sent between hush users completely encrypted. 
956 what message subpoenaed hush will answer valid court issued subpoenas. 
956 however the mail fully encrypted the subpoenaed version will not resemble the original text version. 
956 com about hushmail faq from hushmails faq note the change wording make their claims more explicit does hushmail have back door that can accessed government agencies. 
956 email which includes attachments sent between hush users completely encrypted. 
956 what message subpoenaed hush like any company individual legally bound respond court issued subpoenas. 
956 however because not even hush can access the encryption keys individual users the case subpoena hush would only able provide the encrypted coded version the transmitted email. 
956 com about hushmail faq axolotl. 
957 from thedude march amquote from rounded march pmi have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
957 you need least strong. 
957 dude while realize that your intent was humorous you nevertheless raise excellent question even only inference just how many characters you need secure the subject passwords and passphrases has been discussed considerable detail over the last two decades. 
957 let attempt boil things down were one the most fundamental concepts information theory that order versus randomness. 
957 order for message meaningful must contain some information meaning that has both structure well content. 
957 for example beautiful day today the sky blue the birds are singing. 
957 the above string sentence has structure has both order and meaning. 
957 usmgjtins ozp axmwz utcsb jlcm eowi pxov glwin contrast this string has structure has neither order nor meaning essentially random noise. 
957 the object cryptography take the first string characters english sentence and using some method usually based mathematical function transform into something resembling the second random string characters order keep the information out the hands unauthorized persons. 
957 over the centuries variety methods have been devised accomplish this one the more common use today the cipher. 
957 cipher method usually based mathematical principles functions for transforming data into apparent gibberish. 
957 some the most common ciphers use today pgp are aes the advanced encryption standard triple des often abbreviated des cast and idea. 
957 the strength ciphers and passphrases are frequently expressed bits thus have variants the aes cipher aes aes and aes where the keys used these ciphers are bits bits and bits respectively. 
957 other ciphers used pgp are also bit idea and cast. 
957 exception des bits. 
957 ciphers bits more are considered unbreakable brute force attack. 
957 here interesting note from pgps jon callas describing the difficulty cracking modern bit ciphers quotemodern cryptographic systems are essentially unbreakable particularly adversary restricted intercepts. 
957 have argued for designed and built systems with bits security precisely because they are essentially unbreakable. 
957 very easy underestimate the power exponentials. 
957 very big number. 
957 burt kaliski first came with this and had nickel for every time tell could buy latte three. 
957 imagine computer that the size grain sand that can test keys against some encrypted data. 
957 also imagine that can test key the amount time takes light cross. 
957 then consider cluster these computers many that you covered the earth with them they would cover the whole planet the height meter. 
957 the cluster computers would crack bit key average years. 
957 you want brute force key literally takes planet ful computers. 
957 and course there are always bit keys you worry about the possibility that government has spare planet that they want devote key cracking. 
957 passphrase with bits more entropy would appear ideal. 
957 now have deal with the question how determine how much entropy passphrase certain length thankfully the calculations this are pretty. 
957 one the most frequently misleading assertions about passwords that they must include special characters. 
957 this may may not necessary depending the length the password were discussing. 
957 general rule the strength password depends two factors the length the password and the search space the number characters comprising the set used the password passphrase the greater the search space the shorter your password has afford the same security. 
957 your password allows only lowercase the search space your password allows lower uppercase the search space. 
957 your password allows lower uppercase numerals the search space. 
957 there are special characters that are sometimes permitted passwords these are. 
957 your password allows lower uppercase numerals special characters the search space. 
957 situations where are restricted short passwords. 
957 characters the use special characters addition uppercase lowercase and numerals highly recommended due the short password lengths. 
957 let illustrate some examples the typical automated teller machine atm allows for digit pin number this gives search space from through. 
957 although this acceptable for atm would laughable computer password any password cracking software would break this within seconds. 
957 lets assume that now are using system with character password limitation. 
957 such systems still exist believe not. 
957 one such torbox. 
957 lets see how stacks upper lowercase only. 
957 about billion combinations. 
957 bits entropy upper lowercase only. 
957 about billion combinations bits entropy upper lowercase numerals. 
957 about billion combinations bits entropy upper lowercase numberals special. 
957 million billion combinations bits entropy you can see from the numbers that the addition special characters increases the complexity considerably but are still constrained the much too short password length. 
957 the major problem wiht the above example torbox that the allowable password length simply too short. 
957 more reasonable systems will allow passwords the character limit. 
957 little aside you may find interest learn that the fsb federal security bureau the russian states successor the soviet kgb recommended their agents that they use character password their computers. 
957 lets the math shall characters lowercase only. 
957 this works out bits entropy just slightly less than the bits afforded some the ciphers pgp. 
957 this times strong the des cipher bits. 
957 this should proof positive that you not have have mixed case numerics special characters the password long enough. 
957 lets now look two more recent examples tormail which had character password limit and mailtor which has character limit. 
957 tormail char limit upper lowercase numerals. 
957 which works out bits entropy. 
957 mailtor char limit upper lowercase numerals. 
957 which works out bits entropy. 
957 both these are well excess the bits that set goal. 
957 now lets consider the original posters characters chars lowercase only. 
957 which works out bits entropy. 
957 chars mixed case. 
957 which works out bits entropy. 
957 chars mixed case numerals. 
957 which works out bits entropy. 
957 chars mixed case numerals special. 
957 which works out bits entropy. 
957 any way you slice the original posters character password more than sufficiently strong thwart brute force attack. 
957 final note like excerpt some information from jon callas presentation cracking pgp which made the defcon conference. 
957 note the last reference about hypotheticals per second thats about. 
957 billion password guesses per second. 
957 also remember that these remarks were made think can assume that the government considerably better now some years later. 
957 sum order thwart dictionary attacks and brute forcing passwords have random with about bits entropy. 
957 quotestart hacking the passphrase use some cracker call specialists this access data etc. 
957 major governments have their own clusters this use psychological modeling based upon browser caches searches plaintext can generate over hypotheticals per secondzaphod. 
958 from evilgrin april. 
958 com you could also use diceware diceware words yield bits entropy. 
958 com actually thought you were going reference this comic. 
959 from rounded april amas for full disk encryption from macintosh using system. 
959 btw thinking that tryecrypt has been broken about safe. 
959 there evidence least that aware that truecrypt has been broken. 
959 while true that truecrypt undergoing security audit that does not mean insecure. 
959 truecrypt does have track record iirc there was brazilian banker named danzas who had several encrypted drive seized brazilian police. 
959 the brazilian authorities were unable make any headway the encrypted drives after months effort they enlisted the help the fbi. 
959 the fbi hammered them for another full year with success. 
959 while truecrypt wasnt mentioned name from the description the media reports about cascading ciphers was reasonably obvious that truecrypt was what they were talking about. 
959 from rounded april amthen hopefully further step have created bit encrypted disk image hard drive with another strong password including all keys. 
959 thats where keep the stuff dont want anyone see. 
959 that helpful extrastep will mirages friends apple able back door that one well not really that familiar with filevault not being apple user myself had little poking around. 
959 what found raised the hairs the back neck. 
959 you might wish read the following blogs academic papers for more background there back door filevault. 
959 com there back door filevault clearnet filevault apple backdoor. 
959 com blog filevault apple backdoor clearnet about filevault. 
959 com clearnet analysis apples filevault. 
959 com blog archives analysis. 
959 html clearnet apple legacy filevault hole. 
959 org apple filevault hole. 
959 htm clearnet lion. 
959 user account passwords appear log files for legacy filevault and network home directories. 
959 com clearnet analysis filevault apple full disk encryption. 
959 org analysis filevault apples full disk encryption clearnet infiltrate the vault security analysis and decryption lion full disk encryption. 
959 pdf clearnet zaphod. 
960 for full disk encryption from macintosh using system. 
960 btw thinking that tryecrypt has been broken about safe. 
960 then hopefully further step have created bit encrypted disk image hard drive with another strong password including all keys. 
960 thats where keep the stuff dont want anyone see. 
960 that helpful extrastep will mirages friends apple able back door that one well. 
961 from sorrymario march pmlol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
961 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
961 that fucking hilarious. 
962 what can they without nothing. 
963 from ambiguity april pmhow about mail. 
963 com know you still need the pgp yourself but its always worked well for. 
963 take look mail. 
963 coms privacy policy. 
963 com company privacypolicy. 
963 footer nav you might well using gmail god forbid. 
964 from axa april amquote from ambiguity april pmhow about mail. 
964 com know you still need the pgp yourself but its always worked well for. 
964 take look mail. 
964 coms privacy policy. 
964 com company privacypolicy. 
964 footer nav you might well using gmail god forbid. 
964 what contained mail other service providers policy absolutely totally irrelevant. 
964 provider can have the most stringent privacy policy the planet but when the authorities show with legal paper badge all that disappears puff smoke they hand over your information. 
964 case point hushmail. 
964 here are copies hushmails faqs from the internet wayback machine. 
964 hush removed these from their sites after they bent over and spread their cheeks for the dea but see just how explicit their promises were and compare them with the reality that over decrypted emails were handed over the dea. 
964 there are great many people who spent time jail because they relied hushmails privacy polices promises. 
964 privacy policy non starter the only thing that matters privacy design. 
964 quotedoes hushmail have back door that can accessed government agencies. 
964 email which includes attachments sent between hush users completely encrypted. 
964 what message subpoenaed hush will answer valid court issued subpoenas. 
964 however the mail fully encrypted the subpoenaed version will not resemble the original text version. 
964 com about hushmail faq from hushmails faq note the change wording make their claims more explicit does hushmail have back door that can accessed government agencies. 
964 email which includes attachments sent between hush users completely encrypted. 
964 what message subpoenaed hush like any company individual legally bound respond court issued subpoenas. 
964 however because not even hush can access the encryption keys individual users the case subpoena hush would only able provide the encrypted coded version the transmitted email. 
964 com about hushmail faq axolotl. 
965 from hou april amwhat can they without nothing. 
965 its harder exploit the browser without javascript but its nowhere near impossible. 
965 off the top head font rendering and image handling are two less areas where ive seen usable exploits for firefox etc. 
966 from rounded april amas for full disk encryption from macintosh using system. 
966 btw thinking that tryecrypt has been broken about safe. 
966 there evidence least that aware that truecrypt has been broken. 
966 while true that truecrypt undergoing security audit that does not mean insecure. 
966 truecrypt does have track record iirc there was brazilian banker named danzas who had several encrypted drive seized brazilian police. 
966 the brazilian authorities were unable make any headway the encrypted drives after months effort they enlisted the help the fbi. 
966 the fbi hammered them for another full year with success. 
966 while truecrypt wasnt mentioned name from the description the media reports about cascading ciphers was reasonably obvious that truecrypt was what they were talking about. 
966 from rounded april amthen hopefully further step have created bit encrypted disk image hard drive with another strong password including all keys. 
966 thats where keep the stuff dont want anyone see. 
966 that helpful extrastep will mirages friends apple able back door that one well not really that familiar with filevault not being apple user myself had little poking around. 
966 what found raised the hairs the back neck. 
966 you might wish read the following blogs academic papers for more background there back door filevault. 
966 com there back door filevault clearnet filevault apple backdoor. 
966 com blog filevault apple backdoor clearnet about filevault. 
966 com clearnet analysis apples filevault. 
966 com blog archives analysis. 
966 html clearnet apple legacy filevault hole. 
966 org apple filevault hole. 
966 htm clearnet lion. 
966 user account passwords appear log files for legacy filevault and network home directories. 
966 com clearnet analysis filevault apple full disk encryption. 
966 org analysis filevault apples full disk encryption clearnet infiltrate the vault security analysis and decryption lion full disk encryption. 
966 pdf clearnet zaphod. 
967 from evilgrin april. 
967 com you could also use diceware diceware words yield bits entropy. 
967 com actually thought you were going reference this comic. 
968 from thedude march amquote from rounded march pmi have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
968 you need least strong. 
968 dude while realize that your intent was humorous you nevertheless raise excellent question even only inference just how many characters you need secure the subject passwords and passphrases has been discussed considerable detail over the last two decades. 
968 let attempt boil things down were one the most fundamental concepts information theory that order versus randomness. 
968 order for message meaningful must contain some information meaning that has both structure well content. 
968 for example beautiful day today the sky blue the birds are singing. 
968 the above string sentence has structure has both order and meaning. 
968 usmgjtins ozp axmwz utcsb jlcm eowi pxov glwin contrast this string has structure has neither order nor meaning essentially random noise. 
968 the object cryptography take the first string characters english sentence and using some method usually based mathematical function transform into something resembling the second random string characters order keep the information out the hands unauthorized persons. 
968 over the centuries variety methods have been devised accomplish this one the more common use today the cipher. 
968 cipher method usually based mathematical principles functions for transforming data into apparent gibberish. 
968 some the most common ciphers use today pgp are aes the advanced encryption standard triple des often abbreviated des cast and idea. 
968 the strength ciphers and passphrases are frequently expressed bits thus have variants the aes cipher aes aes and aes where the keys used these ciphers are bits bits and bits respectively. 
968 other ciphers used pgp are also bit idea and cast. 
968 exception des bits. 
968 ciphers bits more are considered unbreakable brute force attack. 
968 here interesting note from pgps jon callas describing the difficulty cracking modern bit ciphers quotemodern cryptographic systems are essentially unbreakable particularly adversary restricted intercepts. 
968 have argued for designed and built systems with bits security precisely because they are essentially unbreakable. 
968 very easy underestimate the power exponentials. 
968 very big number. 
968 burt kaliski first came with this and had nickel for every time tell could buy latte three. 
968 imagine computer that the size grain sand that can test keys against some encrypted data. 
968 also imagine that can test key the amount time takes light cross. 
968 then consider cluster these computers many that you covered the earth with them they would cover the whole planet the height meter. 
968 the cluster computers would crack bit key average years. 
968 you want brute force key literally takes planet ful computers. 
968 and course there are always bit keys you worry about the possibility that government has spare planet that they want devote key cracking. 
968 passphrase with bits more entropy would appear ideal. 
968 now have deal with the question how determine how much entropy passphrase certain length thankfully the calculations this are pretty. 
968 one the most frequently misleading assertions about passwords that they must include special characters. 
968 this may may not necessary depending the length the password were discussing. 
968 general rule the strength password depends two factors the length the password and the search space the number characters comprising the set used the password passphrase the greater the search space the shorter your password has afford the same security. 
968 your password allows only lowercase the search space your password allows lower uppercase the search space. 
968 your password allows lower uppercase numerals the search space. 
968 there are special characters that are sometimes permitted passwords these are. 
968 your password allows lower uppercase numerals special characters the search space. 
968 situations where are restricted short passwords. 
968 characters the use special characters addition uppercase lowercase and numerals highly recommended due the short password lengths. 
968 let illustrate some examples the typical automated teller machine atm allows for digit pin number this gives search space from through. 
968 although this acceptable for atm would laughable computer password any password cracking software would break this within seconds. 
968 lets assume that now are using system with character password limitation. 
968 such systems still exist believe not. 
968 one such torbox. 
968 lets see how stacks upper lowercase only. 
968 about billion combinations. 
968 bits entropy upper lowercase only. 
968 about billion combinations bits entropy upper lowercase numerals. 
968 about billion combinations bits entropy upper lowercase numberals special. 
968 million billion combinations bits entropy you can see from the numbers that the addition special characters increases the complexity considerably but are still constrained the much too short password length. 
968 the major problem wiht the above example torbox that the allowable password length simply too short. 
968 more reasonable systems will allow passwords the character limit. 
968 little aside you may find interest learn that the fsb federal security bureau the russian states successor the soviet kgb recommended their agents that they use character password their computers. 
968 lets the math shall characters lowercase only. 
968 this works out bits entropy just slightly less than the bits afforded some the ciphers pgp. 
968 this times strong the des cipher bits. 
968 this should proof positive that you not have have mixed case numerics special characters the password long enough. 
968 lets now look two more recent examples tormail which had character password limit and mailtor which has character limit. 
968 tormail char limit upper lowercase numerals. 
968 which works out bits entropy. 
968 mailtor char limit upper lowercase numerals. 
968 which works out bits entropy. 
968 both these are well excess the bits that set goal. 
968 now lets consider the original posters characters chars lowercase only. 
968 which works out bits entropy. 
968 chars mixed case. 
968 which works out bits entropy. 
968 chars mixed case numerals. 
968 which works out bits entropy. 
968 chars mixed case numerals special. 
968 which works out bits entropy. 
968 any way you slice the original posters character password more than sufficiently strong thwart brute force attack. 
968 final note like excerpt some information from jon callas presentation cracking pgp which made the defcon conference. 
968 note the last reference about hypotheticals per second thats about. 
968 billion password guesses per second. 
968 also remember that these remarks were made think can assume that the government considerably better now some years later. 
968 sum order thwart dictionary attacks and brute forcing passwords have random with about bits entropy. 
968 quotestart hacking the passphrase use some cracker call specialists this access data etc. 
968 major governments have their own clusters this use psychological modeling based upon browser caches searches plaintext can generate over hypotheticals per secondzaphod. 
969 for full disk encryption from macintosh using system. 
969 btw thinking that tryecrypt has been broken about safe. 
969 then hopefully further step have created bit encrypted disk image hard drive with another strong password including all keys. 
969 thats where keep the stuff dont want anyone see. 
969 that helpful extrastep will mirages friends apple able back door that one well. 
970 you guys are wealth info. 
970 will definitely take the extra time shut down opposed putting sleep. 
970 was assuming they were the same but glad find out finally. 
971 hey sent you that heard your feedback and updated the directory make bit easier navigate and search. 
972 what can they without nothing. 
973 for full disk encryption from macintosh using system. 
973 btw thinking that tryecrypt has been broken about safe. 
973 then hopefully further step have created bit encrypted disk image hard drive with another strong password including all keys. 
973 thats where keep the stuff dont want anyone see. 
973 that helpful extrastep will mirages friends apple able back door that one well. 
974 you guys are wealth info. 
974 will definitely take the extra time shut down opposed putting sleep. 
974 was assuming they were the same but glad find out finally. 
975 and does down regularly was just about send btc. 
976 from playground april amwhy would you want connected keyserver never use keyserver but have set anyway. 
976 quoteand what are the essential differences between firelights keysever setup and owockeznans keyserver setup mine hidden service and his clearnet server. 
976 your proxy failed for some reason you would connect the keyserver over clearnet his setup linking your address the key you want fetch while the connection would simply fail setup although there would probably dns leak. 
977 hey sent you that heard your feedback and updated the directory make bit easier navigate and search. 
978 hey subs ive heard such great things about your gear and have been meaning try out. 
978 signed read multi sig and ready place first order over there when get some coin. 
978 checked out your profile there today and noticed you didnt have any listings anymore. 
978 any idea when youll upping just curious when should plan getting some more coin. 
978 thanks advance for any info. 
979 firelight originally posted these suggestions for the gpg. 
979 verbose the option above depends having http proxy like privoxy forwarding tors socksportquote from owockeznan april amyou dont have use hidden service for your keyserver you set right. 
979 keyserver hkps hkps. 
979 netkeyserver options cert file path the sks keyservers. 
979 honor keyserver urlof course that hooks you with public keyserver. 
979 firelight owockeznan why would you want connected keyserver understand that the non darknet world convenient. 
979 but why would you want publish your darknet public keys leo can easily access them. 
979 leo doesnt need the troubleof busting vendor buyer pick pieces theycan put together later. 
979 leo raids keyserver wont they have access the logs for the keyserver perhaps those logs identify the address the original submitter the key and those who chose access your keys later. 
979 and what are the essential differences between firelights keysever setup and owockeznans keyserver setup thanks for your help. 
979 have nice day. 
981 well would best customize the forum set off default yeah but quick simple workaround the mean time would just run this query every often shut off for everybody all once update smf members set show online this could done from cron job run every minutes someuser mysql sqlusername ppassword dbname 'update smf members set show online. 
982 from ambiguity april pmhow about mail. 
982 com know you still need the pgp yourself but its always worked well for. 
982 take look mail. 
982 coms privacy policy. 
982 com company privacypolicy. 
982 footer nav you might well using gmail god forbid. 
983 from axa april amquote from ambiguity april pmhow about mail. 
983 com know you still need the pgp yourself but its always worked well for. 
983 take look mail. 
983 coms privacy policy. 
983 com company privacypolicy. 
983 footer nav you might well using gmail god forbid. 
983 what contained mail other service providers policy absolutely totally irrelevant. 
983 provider can have the most stringent privacy policy the planet but when the authorities show with legal paper badge all that disappears puff smoke they hand over your information. 
983 case point hushmail. 
983 here are copies hushmails faqs from the internet wayback machine. 
983 hush removed these from their sites after they bent over and spread their cheeks for the dea but see just how explicit their promises were and compare them with the reality that over decrypted emails were handed over the dea. 
983 there are great many people who spent time jail because they relied hushmails privacy polices promises. 
983 privacy policy non starter the only thing that matters privacy design. 
983 quotedoes hushmail have back door that can accessed government agencies. 
983 email which includes attachments sent between hush users completely encrypted. 
983 what message subpoenaed hush will answer valid court issued subpoenas. 
983 however the mail fully encrypted the subpoenaed version will not resemble the original text version. 
983 com about hushmail faq from hushmails faq note the change wording make their claims more explicit does hushmail have back door that can accessed government agencies. 
983 email which includes attachments sent between hush users completely encrypted. 
983 what message subpoenaed hush like any company individual legally bound respond court issued subpoenas. 
983 however because not even hush can access the encryption keys individual users the case subpoena hush would only able provide the encrypted coded version the transmitted email. 
983 com about hushmail faq axolotl. 
984 from sorrymario march pmlol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
984 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
984 that fucking hilarious. 
985 butt ugly they took because was too much trouble make their own. 
985 same reason they ripped off breaking bads logo for the forum. 
985 the forum fucked now spammers. 
986 mit jos kokeilet mountata tuon usb tikun menn ytt ksi sut ett mill nimell usb tikku fdisk lsitten menn mnt hakemistoon mnt tehd tikulle hakemisto mkdir usbtikkusitten tikku sda tilalla pit olla fdisk ytynyt tikku mount dev sda mnt usbtikkun tikku umount mnt kuvat lis tty. 
986 org howto mount usb drive linux. 
987 thank you bruce. 
988 hey subs ive heard such great things about your gear and have been meaning try out. 
988 signed read multi sig and ready place first order over there when get some coin. 
988 checked out your profile there today and noticed you didnt have any listings anymore. 
988 any idea when youll upping just curious when should plan getting some more coin. 
988 thanks advance for any info. 
989 from sorrymario march pmlol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
989 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
989 that fucking hilarious. 
990 hey sent you that heard your feedback and updated the directory make bit easier navigate and search. 
991 you guys are wealth info. 
991 will definitely take the extra time shut down opposed putting sleep. 
991 was assuming they were the same but glad find out finally. 
992 hey subs ive heard such great things about your gear and have been meaning try out. 
992 signed read multi sig and ready place first order over there when get some coin. 
992 checked out your profile there today and noticed you didnt have any listings anymore. 
992 any idea when youll upping just curious when should plan getting some more coin. 
992 thanks advance for any info. 
993 what can they without nothing. 
995 well would best customize the forum set off default yeah but quick simple workaround the mean time would just run this query every often shut off for everybody all once update smf members set show online this could done from cron job run every minutes someuser mysql sqlusername ppassword dbname update smf members set show online. 
996 was earlier today but now its down again. 
996 the forum spammed death shoe spammers one post per minute and the mod there one does nothing. 
997 they were having some trouble with uptime while back but seems running just fine lately. 
998 from deepify april pmyep are publishing some updates itll tad slow for few more minutes sorry for the lag. 
998 the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted. 
998 your idea search good one. 
998 thsnks for the reply its reassuring that youre paying attention prospective shopkeepers. 
998 couldnt use without search both for vendor and product. 
998 looking that directory last night was headache inducing and impossible find specific items. 
998 yes please search function the very least. 
998 wont work any more store until becomes navigable group stores rather than chaotic jumble. 
999 they were having some trouble with uptime while back but seems running just fine lately. 
