0 since whitebeard has been riding defcons cock the whole time remaining faithful even immediately after the hiest that suggests may some sort insider. 
0 course still doubt defcon. 
0 his story about transaction malleability leading being the cause the theft complete bullshit. 
1 glad youre not any trouble starting swayed the stories hearing. 
1 maybe its the years buying the street that has critical the minute something like that happens will wait and see not owed much just few quid change really not enough for usual order when that goes back ill know for sure. 
1 deliberately not making much noise with buyers account see all goes back automatically. 
1 that happens will have doubts all but until then wont ordering anything. 
1 can afford loss will either get some the street shit till then not stuck all but its consistency the street its either good and really small shit and little bigger not like what was getting. 
2 pays everyone back. 
2 that opinion this matter. 
3 the mind boggles. 
3 why earth dont you just use different market agora see sig for referral pandora blue sky hell even dream market have all been around long and havent been plagued dozens mysterious admin accounts arrests insiders and massive bitcoin thefts. 
4 from mdparity february amive never heard dream market could you share link just curious. 
4 oniontbh not even sure its still active their forums only have like registered members lol. 
4 main site captcha refuses work think might scratch this one off the list. 
5 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
5 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat silk road not silk road. 
5 this silk road has relationship with the original. 
5 anything violation existing trademark. 
5 silk road either. 
5 hopelessly incompetent and unable protect user funds. 
5 choose one the two. 
6 quite often there seems some confusion how bitcoin works seems there general belief that the bitcoins are stored the wallet but this not true. 
6 before explaining the purpose wallet important first explain how bitcoin works. 
6 the information all the transactions are kept the bitcoin block which computed and kept the miners. 
6 this why rewards are given miners they are doing all the number crunching. 
6 the rewards also promote more miners there spread and single miner with less than around the mining power can cheat the numbers. 
6 now have the first part bitcoin blockchain the ledgerthe next important thing how are funds moved around the bitcoin blockchain bitcoins are not moved and out the wallet simplified manner blockchain actually big list addresses and the funds them. 
6 when funds are spent into address the blockchain will write that the funds were put into the address moved out address. 
6 the second part funding addresshow does the blockchain know who owns the address order understand this important first understand what address. 
6 address consists parts based version bitcoin addresses. 
6 public key hash the private key. 
6 address hash the public key with checksum then convert base source. 
6 wiki technical background bitcoin addresses now that know all are actually related and unique each other can see from there layer security between each. 
6 you can use private key recreate the public key and address but not the other way around. 
6 now that know what the keys are look how its used the third part spending. 
6 address once fund has been spent into the address now have balance the address. 
6 public key the public key exposed create transaction when preparing send. 
6 private key now complete the transaction the private key used sign and identify the rights send the transaction created with the public keyas can seen the private key identifies the right spend from address the blockchain the private key used derive the public key and address. 
6 therefore the private key just shows permission move funds the blockchain for specific address. 
6 finally have the last part the walletif wallet does not hold bitcoins what does hold wallet more similar analogy account book that holds your account and passwords. 
6 what the native bitcoin wallet client actually does. 
6 hold private key public key addresses used for moving funds the blockchain. 
6 connects and sends the transaction instructions accordingly. 
6 scan and keeps records your transactions from the blockchainsome wallets dont even they use online sources for information about your account having wallet with the full blockchain can take quite bit space and continue grow since copy all transactions the ledger. 
6 technically you would not even need wallet access your funds. 
6 you just need the private key for your address. 
6 cold storage when funds are sent address where the private keys are not online accessible computer. 
6 this could simple printing your public and private key onto piece paper saving text file your usb and sticking your drawer. 
6 without the private key the address can not accessed. 
6 there are any questions feedback regards how bitcoin blockchain address public private keys and wallets please feel free contact any time. 
7 howdy you are looking for free vendor account you can come blackbank. 
7 however with the advent recent questionable vendors that will changing shortly. 
7 you are interested joining feel free beforehand. 
7 there will also vendor application fee waiver for vendors with rating from reputable marketplaces upcoming update. 
8 stated all his bitcoins were stolen well. 
9 mtgox has never been functional lol. 
10 fair that article about fud bitcoins are prosecution futures you will caught etc and fact blockchains andreas antonopoulos states clearly that either willing let someone steal the coins stole the coins themself. 
10 cnn after all. 
11 think have found that hard evidence the form the testimony expert witness andreas antonopoulos. 
11 com technology security bitcoin black market silk roads new administrators said hackers exploited bitcoin glitch steal funds. 
11 but the days since the attack its become painfully clear that the bitcoin system isnt blame. 
11 only two scenarios exist says andreas antonopoulos engineer bitcoin wallet service blockchain silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly they simply swindled their customers themselves. 
12 member posts karma view profilei have opinion either way but couple weeks before the hack seemed like this place was falling apart and its future uncertain. 
12 whoever stole the coins would have waited they thought they could get more coins later date. 
12 from northwest nuggets february amits possible that hack some other type robbery did happen but happened while ago. 
12 have suspected for some time that didnt have all the bitcoins that were supposedly peoples wallets and were using these bugs borrow money from vendors when deposits were not enough fund the withdrawls. 
12 now that people are losing faith and leaving the site deposits are much less than withdrawls and vendors are requiring customers finalize early they cant borrow the money anymore. 
13 posted this another thread this subject but belongs here too. 
13 have proof that scam now. 
13 have the testimony bitcoin expert. 
13 only two scenarios exist says andreas antonopoulos engineer bitcoin wallet service blockchain silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly they simply swindled their customers themselves. 
13 usually just call scam and wait for the market prove otherwise but this time have the testimony expert witness that this scam. 
13 until can produce more qualified expert contradict. 
13 antonopoulos then think now for label this latest event scam least until get that contradictory expert testimony. 
14 know the basics. 
14 mtgox got hacked had some issue dont give crap about the conspiracy theorys and have now shut down withdrawls. 
14 what would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash. 
15 never trusted gox from day. 
15 they are shifty just like the teenagers than ran bitinstant. 
15 understand that they have made some soft announcements that they plan giving people their money sometime and the link cwb gave their metric shit ton speculation. 
15 not trust gox all but putting usd make profit this point would simply gamble like any other. 
15 and personally think they will give the money back. 
15 just based how catastrophic would they didnt. 
15 and the fact they have claimed have all the coins. 
15 and not giving them back this point would make them look very very bad. 
15 have account pending verification. 
16 from pothead february pmstay away even for bitcoin bought there isnt worth. 
16 gox offers bitcoin and pants. 
17 good stuff you should very weary cruising the darknet what essentially homing device. 
18 dont believe the part about hiring hitman. 
18 this was said and one else. 
18 why you believe everything cops say. 
19 from tacit february pmi have made over bitcoins total agora rocks god damn thats alot just creaping btc now. 
20 from cooked february pmmtgox has never been functional loltrue dat. 
21 from evilgrin february pmi have account pending verification. 
21 their track record actually following through and verifying account holders even though theyve had relevant documents pretty poor and suspect that right now their customer service people are probably focussed other things. 
21 would strongly recommend you nothing till your account verified you youll doubling your risk. 
21 from evilgrin february pmand personally think they will give the money back. 
21 just based how catastrophic would they didnt. 
21 and the fact they have claimed have all the coins. 
21 and not giving them back this point would make them look very very bad. 
21 theyve been making themselves look bad regular basis for long ive been into bitcoin you think any that bothers mark karpeles hes got track record for saying fuck you you dont like his customers why should this situation any different. 
22 from evilgrin february pmwhat would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash the only thing have are goxs statements now and goxs track record the past. 
22 their track record appalling theyve fucked too many times for many people trust them. 
22 their statements far this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence technology and. 
22 will they open btc withdrawals again your guess good mine this ultimately depends whether business solvent. 
22 have they been scammed hacked are they turn scamming theres alot speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds cheap btc from gox customers transferring them other exchanges and selling rinse repeat make millions dollars. 
22 you have usd already gox theres some speculation that holding fiat gox better than holding btc they are indeed insolvent. 
22 japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions they fuck around too badly. 
22 youre thinking transferring usd into gox dont unless youve got account theyve already verified with photo utility bills etc because youll never able get anything back otherwise. 
22 you already have verified account then all means transfer some cash. 
22 you could make your money more you are able transfer the btc out another exchange some point the future. 
22 you could lose all turns out gox insolvent scammed hacked scamming. 
22 how much you trust gox keep eye. 
22 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
22 true dirty harry style you feel lucky punk. 
23 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
23 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat until proof provided that all the coins have been repaid and plausable explanation given why support was available for months and how the coins actually disappeared. 
23 will forever known scam honeypot site. 
23 should avoided like the plague danger danger will robinson. 
24 there just started using agora. 
24 havent ordered but have deposited tiny amount btc just test. 
24 ive been looking agoras forum and there are several complaints about deposits not showing one person even complaining that looked the blockchain and saw his deposit his agora wallet sent another address internal tumbling but never showing his agora wallet. 
24 addition these people are complaining zero response from agora support. 
24 anyone had any similar experiences edit not trying diss agora actually looks like very well run marketplace just exercising due diligence before jump and make purchase. 
25 looks very cool and love the ethos but why when have tor configured for max security you require javascript enabled fully participate please. 
26 the only way people will know the truth all keep the hub honest. 
26 defcom did indeed mislead users. 
26 then outright lied about btc maleability. 
27 you can put coins into and make order but theres esrcow only use vendors you really trust. 
28 from defcon february. 
28 live very busy and complicated life. 
28 take opsec extreme levels which consume many hours per day. 
28 any time you see here means have completed checklist which requires over hour preparation for reposition and reconfigure many things ensure leave the most minimal trail possible and can safely connect this place. 
28 this job will never safe and impossible perfectly covert. 
28 know what facing both from and from vendors who not share opinions non violence. 
28 all released announcements were true plans and all delays were due unanticipated external factors upon which cannot elaborate. 
28 staff has been very frustrated lack ability keep the dev team time. 
28 again this completely fault and something for which take complete responsibility. 
28 not trust any developers meticulously review anything the dev team sends. 
28 many have criticized for this and listened them. 
28 had reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix speed slow withdrawals last month transaction malleability would not have affected all. 
28 this completely fault for listening critics instead own sense caution. 
28 the public has known that auto finalize has been disabled for long time and has known that the escrow balance massive. 
28 any smart person could deduce that enabling auto finalize requires move vast sum from cold storage the hot storage wallet ensure adequate fund availability which admittedly was too large and one biggest failures this month. 
28 the attack was surgical and timed perfectly. 
28 the reason such high quantity coins was stolen was because were preparing implement auto finalization and had therefore moved huge volume from the cold storage the hot storage ensure the coins from all auto finalized orders could withdrawn without hitch. 
28 here are many details the attack can provide. 
28 still investigating and not want leak anything which could compromise any other markets. 
28 transparency this issue key however you deserve granular explanation possible why this happened. 
28 attack investigation results feb. 
28 when withdrawal delays were happening last month wrote custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries reference and built shared infrastructure load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation ever one server was compromised. 
28 this implementation was being written behind the scenes dev staff lynch mob was getting exponentially worse the forums. 
28 our moderator staff became more and more insistent that was crucial fix this problem immediately relaying many concerns and threats from the community. 
28 cut corner deciding watch transactions. 
28 many community members were reporting missing withdrawals weeks after sending them. 
28 implemented liberal check the refresh deposit balances link the account page essence allowed search deeply for any missing coins rescanning and rescanning. 
28 one our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. 
28 our thoughts were that the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach find missing coins must commonplace. 
28 received her his permission publish this. 
28 the transaction malleability bug was published last week time when was disconnected from the internet for extended period for opsec reasons. 
28 did not become aware the threat until the attack was already occurring. 
28 this was failure part trust more staff with critical access stop withdrawals. 
28 the people who did have access disable withdrawals were terrified doing without permission due how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. 
28 they knew they disabled withdrawals then enabled them there would run the bank and would need online deposit cold storage into hot storage. 
28 effect this was failure emphasize staff that always okay lean the side caution and hit killswitches they deem necessary. 
28 was also failure communicate expectations the community that sometimes killswitches will have hit and just means were playing safe. 
28 this month clear did not play safe. 
28 killswitches are pointless the only person confident enough hit them the boss. 
28 the attacker used account first registered early jan try exploiting the vulnerability. 
28 looking back the accounts history indicates that this account has been used pentest many aspects our system unsuccessfully. 
28 every previous attempt find attack vector failed due hardening done our penetration testing team. 
28 had previously seen these attempts the logs something celebrate look our hardening working this hacker would have won but put security over features several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts but that pointless our business anyone can simply register. 
28 are still unclear the exact approach used cause our servers perception transactions mismatch with reality because have largely been focusing preparing for relaunch and building communication share with you the community over the past day. 
28 the best our understanding the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts bitcoins and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos similar transactions. 
28 our system reflected his withdrawals and his account showed zero. 
28 the attacker rapidly clicked refresh deposits link until our code assumed that the transaction failed all indications point malleability the root case. 
28 our system credited his account with the btc judged unsuccessfully withdrawn. 
28 this again due the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month see point. 
28 reality our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. 
28 result our system inaccurately represented the users balance larger than truly was. 
28 this allowed the attacker withdraw coins again. 
28 the attacker began depositing larger amounts such btc time order exploit the vulnerability quickly. 
28 they then drained our entire hot storage one bitcoin server shard and tried the attack from one their other accounts. 
28 the other account was different shard and allowed that hot storage drained. 
28 the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all our hot storage shards were drained. 
28 due the type vulnerability our accounting system had inaccurate perception bitcoins hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. 
28 this was failure our part build new server alert check each shard the new shared bitcoin infrastructure and another symptom how rushed were when implementing the new system during forum lynch mob about slow withdrawals. 
28 lessons learned far. 
28 more staff should have access killswitches and should not afraid use them. 
28 even its just because some news post about clearnet about some transaction malleability thing. 
28 killswitches should used liberally and regularly. 
28 community needs comfortable with regular downtime especially during periods when community safety and the safety its money could threatened. 
28 good staff will responsibly paranoid and hitting killswitches they deem necessary and should not afraid their community panicking each time precaution exercised. 
28 there more web security than rigorous penetration testing. 
28 also requires the constant review external services systems and. 
28 never make assumptions when implementing protocols you did not design. 
28 had not trusted mtgoxs staff procedures would have reviewed our approaches with much more rigor. 
28 just because large companys procedures are successful does not make them are safe. 
28 accept that your community will hate you regardless. 
28 the darknet you will crucified your community anything ever goes wrong. 
28 prepare for everyone hate you because you inevitably will fail something and you will need stay determined matter what. 
28 dont let get your head and dont let affect your rigor with security. 
28 cut corners with our deposit withdrawal speed optimizations because were afraid the lynch mob. 
28 were foolish this regard. 
28 should have taken the entire site offline for long took implement high volume fault tolerant bitcoin server well tested rigorous manner. 
28 this cost unspeakable amount trust that had slaved build some for years. 
28 this where were with much transparency this medium allows the worst that could happen did not happen. 
28 the worst thing that could happen for our communitys finances however did. 
28 hate that occurred under our watch. 
28 there nothing can change this. 
28 all can transparent about where are and move forward. 
28 those who will respond here for dramatic effect please consider contributing your energy the reconstruction our community. 
28 you cannot bring yourself this then please take your negativity elsewhere. 
28 you have lost faith silk road dont blame you the least. 
28 also not want read about perpetuity. 
28 trolling during disaster cowardice. 
28 choosing strengthen rather than troll when trolling the popular move thats noble. 
28 know that speak for all silk road staff seen and unseen when speak these words are going nowhere. 
28 will remain rebuild and move forward toward the greater goal for which strive our running this marketplace personal freedom and foundational human rights. 
28 silk road will always rise again. 
28 code select begin pgp signed message hash sha deeply thankful for the hundreds supportive messages ive received. 
28 consistently blown away how the core this community come together times strife. 
28 the multitude you who lost faith silk road still glad ive heard your words. 
28 still devastated that have failed you. 
28 and even have fallen victim this attack the majority personal earnings are completely gone. 
28 life not danger though and identity still protected thankful for this. 
28 now time share with you our plan move forward. 
28 realize you have way knowing whether telling the truth anything. 
28 trying communicate the authenticity true character the darknet difficult say the least and not expect any you take word. 
28 but actions over the next few weeks will speak louder than words ever could and you stick around you realize this. 
28 silk road not deadwe are here stay and for the most part believe our values are the same yours the community. 
28 and even though represent the latest idiot make security mistake unlike those who simply give and determined use lessons learned fight for this communitys long term security. 
28 focusing multi signature transactions our only safe trading mechanism long term. 
28 additionally ready and willing collaborate with other darknet administrators and utilize our talented penetration testing team help them regularly audit their security. 
28 and although the tinfoil club will probably hate this and continue tear shreds without regard for actions december and whether you choose believe them not here are the facts. 
28 live very busy and complicated life. 
28 take opsec extreme levels which consume many hours per day. 
28 any time you see here means have completed checklist which requires over hour preparation for reposition and reconfigure many things ensure leave the most minimal trail possible and can safely connect this place. 
28 this job will never safe and impossible perfectly covert. 
28 know what facing both from and from vendors who not share opinions non violence. 
28 all released announcements were true plans and all delays were due unanticipated external factors upon which cannot elaborate. 
28 staff has been very frustrated lack ability keep the dev team time. 
28 again this completely fault and something for which take complete responsibility. 
28 not trust any developers meticulously review anything the dev team sends. 
28 many have criticized for this and listened them. 
28 had reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix speed slow withdrawals last month transaction malleability would not have affected all. 
28 this completely fault for listening critics instead own sense caution. 
28 the public has known that auto finalize has been disabled for long time and has known that the escrow balance massive. 
28 any smart person could deduce that enabling auto finalize requires move vast sum from cold storage the hot storage wallet ensure adequate fund availability which admittedly was too large and one biggest failures this month. 
28 the attack was surgical and timed perfectly. 
28 the reason such high quantity coins was stolen was because were preparing implement auto finalization and had therefore moved huge volume from the cold storage the hot storage ensure the coins from all auto finalized orders could withdrawn without hitch. 
28 here are many details the attack can provide. 
28 still investigating and not want leak anything which could compromise any other markets. 
28 transparency this issue key however you deserve granular explanation possible why this happened. 
28 attack investigation results feb. 
28 when withdrawal delays were happening last month wrote custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries reference and built shared infrastructure load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation ever one server was compromised. 
28 this implementation was being written behind the scenes dev staff lynch mob was getting exponentially worse the forums. 
28 our moderator staff became more and more insistent that was crucial fix this problem immediately relaying many concerns and threats from the community. 
28 cut corner deciding watch transactions. 
28 many community members were reporting missing withdrawals weeks after sending them. 
28 implemented liberal check the refresh deposit balances link the account page essence allowed search deeply for any missing coins rescanning and rescanning. 
28 one our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. 
28 our thoughts were that the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach find missing coins must commonplace. 
28 received her his permission publish this. 
28 the transaction malleability bug was published last week time when was disconnected from the internet for extended period for opsec reasons. 
28 did not become aware the threat until the attack was already occurring. 
28 this was failure part trust more staff with critical access stop withdrawals. 
28 the people who did have access disable withdrawals were terrified doing without permission due how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. 
28 they knew they disabled withdrawals then enabled them there would run the bank and would need online deposit cold storage into hot storage. 
28 effect this was failure emphasize staff that always okay lean the side caution and hit killswitches they deem necessary. 
28 was also failure communicate expectations the community that sometimes killswitches will have hit and just means were playing safe. 
28 this month clear did not play safe. 
28 killswitches are pointless the only person confident enough hit them the boss. 
28 the attacker used account first registered early jan try exploiting the vulnerability. 
28 looking back the accounts history indicates that this account has been used pentest many aspects our system unsuccessfully. 
28 every previous attempt find attack vector failed due hardening done our penetration testing team. 
28 had previously seen these attempts the logs something celebrate look our hardening working this hacker would have won but put security over features several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts but that pointless our business anyone can simply register. 
28 are still unclear the exact approach used cause our servers perception transactions mismatch with reality because have largely been focusing preparing for relaunch and building communication share with you the community over the past day. 
28 the best our understanding the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts bitcoins and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos similar transactions. 
28 our system reflected his withdrawals and his account showed zero. 
28 the attacker rapidly clicked refresh deposits link until our code assumed that the transaction failed all indications point malleability the root case. 
28 our system credited his account with the btc judged unsuccessfully withdrawn. 
28 this again due the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month see point. 
28 reality our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. 
28 result our system inaccurately represented the users balance larger than truly was. 
28 this allowed the attacker withdraw coins again. 
28 the attacker began depositing larger amounts such btc time order exploit the vulnerability quickly. 
28 they then drained our entire hot storage one bitcoin server shard and tried the attack from one their other accounts. 
28 the other account was different shard and allowed that hot storage drained. 
28 the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all our hot storage shards were drained. 
28 due the type vulnerability our accounting system had inaccurate perception bitcoins hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. 
28 this was failure our part build new server alert check each shard the new shared bitcoin infrastructure and another symptom how rushed were when implementing the new system during forum lynch mob about slow withdrawals. 
29 thats only accurate for one type standarized transaction. 
29 you can assign outputs all sorts different things that dont just require proof ownership private key whose public keys hash corresponds certain value. 
29 course good luck getting your wierdo transaction into the blockchain. 
30 think its hilarious cnn finds important enough make article itjust makes want troll even more knowing cnn watchingthis must what miley cyrus feels like. 
31 think there could explanations about the stolen bitcoins. 
31 the staff stole everything. 
31 but that case why they pay off people and even they dont pay off everybody that would too many efforts for few profits. 
31 personally dont think they stole the users. 
31 has been hacked but the staff too proud admit public they told everyone that the market was very secure. 
31 maybe thats why they invented that story narco and the btc malleability. 
31 dont say that have the truth. 
32 have made over bitcoins total agora rocks. 
33 not bothing with this anymore. 
33 upon reading android wont enough. 
34 dont know alot things but read yesterday they are voting the owner off the board bitcoins something only problem this guy founding father the bitcoin orgazation whatver and they cant removed easy kinda like the president lol. 
34 rumor has mioght step down guy crook hear feel bad for the people losing money there. 
35 from cuntdowntoban february amwhat does everyone think about temporary shutdown for like week two month something like that. 
35 market without support bottomless pit for you throw you bitcoins down. 
35 any other ideas for improvements welcome. 
35 feb how did know lol spam removed. 
36 thanks but when can place orders and put bitcoins the account because the bitcoins that had before attack escrow stays pending balance and yesterday sent for make test and pending confirmation too but not pending balances yet. 
36 when this problem fix then using bitcoinfog for example can put bitcoins account safely and place orders with the same way always and yes when this may possible thanks lot. 
37 have another question about the reopened and this about account too. 
37 deposit adresses above the adresses can read this text mix all coins which ever touch silk road. 
37 without mixing you are completely vulnerable blockchain analysis and the potential disclosure your identity. 
37 have basic internal mixing implemented but silk road ever compromised you will not safe. 
37 not rely one single point failure strongly recommend that you use bitcoin mixing service. 
37 you are unfamiliar with mixing services encourage you browse silk roads community forums for. 
37 what mean this dont know nothing about that really payment method what somebody can explain this and how works use put secure way bitcoins think that something like that another way but wanna know what and required place orders and pay with bitcoins safely how works like said. 
37 another thing please tell too. 
37 its important information know. 
38 deepdotweb have relegated the scam list. 
38 respected bitcoin engineers have called scam. 
38 least darkmarket community agrees its scamwhy does the hub continue infer legitimacy obvious conjob keeping the subforum especially since you claim you are trying shake the stink off yourselves. 
39 from mycarneedstint february pmare you the payroll didnt just admit this the. 
40 cant believe anyone actually putting money into the site. 
40 the net closing and soon the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut shop and run for the hill with whatever money tied the site the time. 
41 only two scenarios exist says andreas antonopoulos engineer bitcoin wallet service blockchain silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly they simply swindled their customers themselves. 
41 here the link cnn article clearnet warning. 
41 com technology security bitcoin black market clearnet warning. 
42 from evilgrin february pmok know the basics. 
42 mtgox got hacked had some issue dont give crap about the conspiracy theorys and have now shut down withdrawls. 
42 what would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash stay away from gox. 
42 would you deposit money uninsured bank that has stopped allowing withdrawls and wire transfers but still accepts deposits stay away even for bitcoin bought there isnt worth. 
42 will consider miracle ever see coins mount cocks stole. 
42 lets not even mention how much they cost investors losses from coins tanking and not being allowed trade. 
42 mount cocks will down the biggest bitcoin scam date. 
42 will make the scam pulled look like nothing. 
43 from floydy february pmquote from evilgrin february pmwhat would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash the only thing have are goxs statements now and goxs track record the past. 
43 their track record appalling theyve fucked too many times for many people trust them. 
43 their statements far this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence technology and. 
43 will they open btc withdrawals again your guess good mine this ultimately depends whether business solvent. 
43 have they been scammed hacked are they turn scamming theres alot speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds cheap btc from gox customers transferring them other exchanges and selling rinse repeat make millions dollars. 
43 you have usd already gox theres some speculation that holding fiat gox better than holding btc they are indeed insolvent. 
43 japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions they fuck around too badly. 
43 youre thinking transferring usd into gox dont unless youve got account theyve already verified with photo utility bills etc because youll never able get anything back otherwise. 
43 you already have verified account then all means transfer some cash. 
43 you could make your money more you are able transfer the btc out another exchange some point the future. 
43 you could lose all turns out gox insolvent scammed hacked scamming. 
43 how much you trust gox keep eye. 
43 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
43 true dirty harry style you feel lucky punk agreed there track record shocking especaily when there trade engine stalled and their price got stuck loop one many examples. 
43 wont miss them they dissapear. 
44 read this mate clearnet. 
44 com bitcoinmarkets comments ygxq mtgox megathread thursday february for one cant really get head around. 
45 does anyone know these people are legit has anyone bought from them emailed them about product and they gave link their stocklist. 
45 that was couple days ago. 
45 now their website down. 
45 emailing them about buying product and asked them about the website and they said that the server the website was hosted was hacked and wiped. 
45 should trust them could their email compromised too. 
46 one the oldest darknet scam sites. 
47 mean just imagine the consequences for the community market allowed take your money and that isnt called scam even the face evidence that would stand court like the testimony expert witness. 
47 this means that market can just take our money any time they want and even have evidence will just keep right using. 
48 says cwb voted for obama. 
49 from xsposer february pmthis sounds just like what the sheep market admin did for all their vocal forum members before they stole everything. 
49 just ask jack hoff backed sheep market until the very last day. 
49 why because unlike everyone else they let him withdraw limited amount funds would publicly called any scam talk. 
49 does this post sound familiar almost believed that everybody else was making all about not getting withdrawls because trusted jack and would say just withdrew every time somebody would say their withdrawls were not working. 
50 from tyrone february. 
50 incompetent fools unable protect user funds. 
50 ill prefix what about say with hate sounding like defending. 
50 trying get provoke more than half thought out you people. 
50 you call them incompetent fools unable protect user funds you are calling lot site owners this. 
50 ulbricht the people who ran bitmit and even backopy who ran what lot people call the best run marketplace history. 
50 dont see your market that impenetrable fortress. 
50 wheres know probably bunch thieving cunts and all the shit talk deserved but little bit wisdom that learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct the thought process leading the correct conclusion flawed not. 
50 its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came the correct conclusion. 
51 dont fight with people the internet thats gay but enjoy honest conversation even have opposing opinions. 
51 from what see the reason you said they were hacked was because they were too incompetent secure the funds. 
51 you dont want offer option where they are not assholes. 
51 and course sound argument shouldnt offer such option. 
51 there lot marketplaces that have been hacked despite the admins intentions technical knowledge security capabilities. 
51 the fact the matter its really freakin hard completely secure million dollars worth coins that are sitting one spot the internet. 
51 either evey market admin date incompetent impossible nearly impossible secure bitcoins the darknet. 
51 which option sounds more true. 
51 follow your analogy different doctors preform lobotomys and them kill the patient. 
51 the doctor incompetent opinion the matter. 
51 super gay begin with. 
51 this point they either pay people back dont. 
51 few months can decide they are scammers not. 
51 know how angry people get when their money lost but claiming they are lying nothing more than claim right now. 
51 wouldnt the first time market was hacked. 
51 all that being said dont like. 
51 dont think anyone should use. 
51 its place for children get high. 
51 you are child and what get high the road. 
51 there are better places. 
52 well they deserve chance respond the blockchain guy but they dont come with expert that contradicts him pretty soon then should labelled scam. 
52 this market were called sheep instead silk road then would have called scam days ago. 
52 now that have bitcoin expert saying that has some type scam they must contradict this with their own expert labelled scam. 
53 agree with you nuggets. 
53 wallet was emptied. 
53 had nothing escrow and two finalized orders. 
53 not feel wallet safe all. 
53 not feel any market wallet safe. 
53 wish could tell people that safe. 
53 but lets realistic. 
53 know all have choice and hopefully understand the risks and right now they seem like pretty fin great risks. 
54 from trolltergeist february amsr will consistently rape there customer base. 
54 all know was not hacked. 
54 most know and some just not want believe. 
54 doesnt matter who took what this point. 
54 its how much trust someone willing put into what being said admins. 
54 and fuck that isnt totally personal interpretation but ive learned most the new members are not too good interpreting things. 
55 from hohnerspecial january ami think its safe say bmr gone the mods may well still alive and well dead and unhealthy have idea but think those dedicated should invest and its community know that what ill doingsr has been gone since tried log and saw the siezed notice. 
55 bmr may well gone but happened last week. 
55 you want market with admin who has been around for while try evolution. 
55 you want market with lots vendors and customers try agora. 
56 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
56 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat you seem like really nice person and hate the way people treat you over there. 
56 please dont defend this not being scam unless you have better proof than the testimony the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out you even more than they now. 
57 pgp does not have pain use. 
57 the easiest and really mean pgp program use hands down for windows and linux users gpg usb which you can download this clearnet link. 
57 org gpg usb standalone compact cut and paste pgp utility which you can store your desktop usb drive. 
57 allows you easily generate your first bit rsa key pair and get started within hour. 
57 the get started documentation the gpg usb home page should all you need however you need extra help there great guide gpg usb this clearnet link. 
57 org gpg usb portablegpg usb works great all you need simple and secure way encrypt pms email. 
57 you want take notch and use pgp automatically with your thunderbird email client you need check out this clearnet guide follow the letter and you will good. 
57 org thunderbird portablewhen thunderbird set according this guide pgp email transformed and becomes easy convenient and good gets. 
57 try for yourself and betcha you will become convert. 
57 for users needing portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative gpg usb portable pgp which you can download this clearnet link. 
57 net projects ppgp. 
58 good stuff you should very weary cruising the darknet what essentially homing device. 
59 there just started using agora. 
59 havent ordered but have deposited tiny amount btc just test. 
59 ive been looking agoras forum and there are several complaints about deposits not showing one person even complaining that looked the blockchain and saw his deposit his agora wallet sent another address internal tumbling but never showing his agora wallet. 
59 addition these people are complaining zero response from agora support. 
59 anyone had any similar experiences edit not trying diss agora actually looks like very well run marketplace just exercising due diligence before jump and make purchase. 
61 from cooked february pmmtgox has never been functional loltrue dat. 
62 read this mate clearnet. 
62 com bitcoinmarkets comments ygxq mtgox megathread thursday february for one cant really get head around. 
63 from floydy february pmquote from evilgrin february pmwhat would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash the only thing have are goxs statements now and goxs track record the past. 
63 their track record appalling theyve fucked too many times for many people trust them. 
63 their statements far this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence technology and. 
63 will they open btc withdrawals again your guess good mine this ultimately depends whether business solvent. 
63 have they been scammed hacked are they turn scamming theres alot speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds cheap btc from gox customers transferring them other exchanges and selling rinse repeat make millions dollars. 
63 you have usd already gox theres some speculation that holding fiat gox better than holding btc they are indeed insolvent. 
63 japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions they fuck around too badly. 
63 youre thinking transferring usd into gox dont unless youve got account theyve already verified with photo utility bills etc because youll never able get anything back otherwise. 
63 you already have verified account then all means transfer some cash. 
63 you could make your money more you are able transfer the btc out another exchange some point the future. 
63 you could lose all turns out gox insolvent scammed hacked scamming. 
63 how much you trust gox keep eye. 
63 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
63 true dirty harry style you feel lucky punk agreed there track record shocking especaily when there trade engine stalled and their price got stuck loop one many examples. 
63 wont miss them they dissapear. 
64 from evilgrin february pmok know the basics. 
64 mtgox got hacked had some issue dont give crap about the conspiracy theorys and have now shut down withdrawls. 
64 what would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash stay away from gox. 
64 would you deposit money uninsured bank that has stopped allowing withdrawls and wire transfers but still accepts deposits stay away even for bitcoin bought there isnt worth. 
64 will consider miracle ever see coins mount cocks stole. 
64 lets not even mention how much they cost investors losses from coins tanking and not being allowed trade. 
64 mount cocks will down the biggest bitcoin scam date. 
64 will make the scam pulled look like nothing. 
65 mtgox has never been functional lol. 
66 new all this encryption business and need tips learn bit. 
66 managed create pgp key alright but when using safe mail cant find option encrypt decrypt with that. 
66 also tried set thunderbird with safe mail but just tells there problem with eithermy password username both are correct. 
66 are there any other options for use pgp encryption want things get rolling but safe way purchace some lucy. 
66 its been long time and really miss her. 
66 thanks for any help. 
66 roh and use ubuntu linux that makes easier help. 
66 and how does one encrypt here tmg. 
67 thanks for posting this. 
68 think its hilarious cnn finds important enough make article itjust makes want troll even more knowing cnn watchingthis must what miley cyrus feels like. 
69 think there could explanations about the stolen bitcoins. 
69 the staff stole everything. 
69 but that case why they pay off people and even they dont pay off everybody that would too many efforts for few profits. 
69 personally dont think they stole the users. 
69 has been hacked but the staff too proud admit public they told everyone that the market was very secure. 
69 maybe thats why they invented that story narco and the btc malleability. 
69 dont say that have the truth. 
70 the only way people will know the truth all keep the hub honest. 
70 defcom did indeed mislead users. 
70 then outright lied about btc maleability. 
71 dont know alot things but read yesterday they are voting the owner off the board bitcoins something only problem this guy founding father the bitcoin orgazation whatver and they cant removed easy kinda like the president lol. 
71 rumor has mioght step down guy crook hear feel bad for the people losing money there. 
72 from evilgrin february pmwhat would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash the only thing have are goxs statements now and goxs track record the past. 
72 their track record appalling theyve fucked too many times for many people trust them. 
72 their statements far this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence technology and. 
72 will they open btc withdrawals again your guess good mine this ultimately depends whether business solvent. 
72 have they been scammed hacked are they turn scamming theres alot speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds cheap btc from gox customers transferring them other exchanges and selling rinse repeat make millions dollars. 
72 you have usd already gox theres some speculation that holding fiat gox better than holding btc they are indeed insolvent. 
72 japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions they fuck around too badly. 
72 youre thinking transferring usd into gox dont unless youve got account theyve already verified with photo utility bills etc because youll never able get anything back otherwise. 
72 you already have verified account then all means transfer some cash. 
72 you could make your money more you are able transfer the btc out another exchange some point the future. 
72 you could lose all turns out gox insolvent scammed hacked scamming. 
72 how much you trust gox keep eye. 
72 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
72 true dirty harry style you feel lucky punk. 
73 from evilgrin february pmi have account pending verification. 
73 their track record actually following through and verifying account holders even though theyve had relevant documents pretty poor and suspect that right now their customer service people are probably focussed other things. 
73 would strongly recommend you nothing till your account verified you youll doubling your risk. 
73 from evilgrin february pmand personally think they will give the money back. 
73 just based how catastrophic would they didnt. 
73 and the fact they have claimed have all the coins. 
73 and not giving them back this point would make them look very very bad. 
73 theyve been making themselves look bad regular basis for long ive been into bitcoin you think any that bothers mark karpeles hes got track record for saying fuck you you dont like his customers why should this situation any different. 
74 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
74 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat until proof provided that all the coins have been repaid and plausable explanation given why support was available for months and how the coins actually disappeared. 
74 will forever known scam honeypot site. 
74 should avoided like the plague danger danger will robinson. 
75 pgp does not have pain use. 
75 the easiest and really mean pgp program use hands down for windows and linux users gpg usb which you can download this clearnet link. 
75 org gpg usb standalone compact cut and paste pgp utility which you can store your desktop usb drive. 
75 allows you easily generate your first bit rsa key pair and get started within hour. 
75 the get started documentation the gpg usb home page should all you need however you need extra help there great guide gpg usb this clearnet link. 
75 org gpg usb portablegpg usb works great all you need simple and secure way encrypt pms email. 
75 you want take notch and use pgp automatically with your thunderbird email client you need check out this clearnet guide follow the letter and you will good. 
75 org thunderbird portablewhen thunderbird set according this guide pgp email transformed and becomes easy convenient and good gets. 
75 try for yourself and betcha you will become convert. 
75 for users needing portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative gpg usb portable pgp which you can download this clearnet link. 
75 net projects ppgp. 
76 dont know alot things but read yesterday they are voting the owner off the board bitcoins something only problem this guy founding father the bitcoin orgazation whatver and they cant removed easy kinda like the president lol. 
76 rumor has mioght step down guy crook hear feel bad for the people losing money there. 
77 mtgox has never been functional lol. 
78 you can put coins into and make order but theres esrcow only use vendors you really trust. 
79 from cuntdowntoban february amwhat does everyone think about temporary shutdown for like week two month something like that. 
79 market without support bottomless pit for you throw you bitcoins down. 
79 any other ideas for improvements welcome. 
79 feb how did know lol spam removed. 
80 from defcon february. 
80 live very busy and complicated life. 
80 take opsec extreme levels which consume many hours per day. 
80 any time you see here means have completed checklist which requires over hour preparation for reposition and reconfigure many things ensure leave the most minimal trail possible and can safely connect this place. 
80 this job will never safe and impossible perfectly covert. 
80 know what facing both from and from vendors who not share opinions non violence. 
80 all released announcements were true plans and all delays were due unanticipated external factors upon which cannot elaborate. 
80 staff has been very frustrated lack ability keep the dev team time. 
80 again this completely fault and something for which take complete responsibility. 
80 not trust any developers meticulously review anything the dev team sends. 
80 many have criticized for this and listened them. 
80 had reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix speed slow withdrawals last month transaction malleability would not have affected all. 
80 this completely fault for listening critics instead own sense caution. 
80 the public has known that auto finalize has been disabled for long time and has known that the escrow balance massive. 
80 any smart person could deduce that enabling auto finalize requires move vast sum from cold storage the hot storage wallet ensure adequate fund availability which admittedly was too large and one biggest failures this month. 
80 the attack was surgical and timed perfectly. 
80 the reason such high quantity coins was stolen was because were preparing implement auto finalization and had therefore moved huge volume from the cold storage the hot storage ensure the coins from all auto finalized orders could withdrawn without hitch. 
80 here are many details the attack can provide. 
80 still investigating and not want leak anything which could compromise any other markets. 
80 transparency this issue key however you deserve granular explanation possible why this happened. 
80 attack investigation results feb. 
80 when withdrawal delays were happening last month wrote custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries reference and built shared infrastructure load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation ever one server was compromised. 
80 this implementation was being written behind the scenes dev staff lynch mob was getting exponentially worse the forums. 
80 our moderator staff became more and more insistent that was crucial fix this problem immediately relaying many concerns and threats from the community. 
80 cut corner deciding watch transactions. 
80 many community members were reporting missing withdrawals weeks after sending them. 
80 implemented liberal check the refresh deposit balances link the account page essence allowed search deeply for any missing coins rescanning and rescanning. 
80 one our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. 
80 our thoughts were that the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach find missing coins must commonplace. 
80 received her his permission publish this. 
80 the transaction malleability bug was published last week time when was disconnected from the internet for extended period for opsec reasons. 
80 did not become aware the threat until the attack was already occurring. 
80 this was failure part trust more staff with critical access stop withdrawals. 
80 the people who did have access disable withdrawals were terrified doing without permission due how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. 
80 they knew they disabled withdrawals then enabled them there would run the bank and would need online deposit cold storage into hot storage. 
80 effect this was failure emphasize staff that always okay lean the side caution and hit killswitches they deem necessary. 
80 was also failure communicate expectations the community that sometimes killswitches will have hit and just means were playing safe. 
80 this month clear did not play safe. 
80 killswitches are pointless the only person confident enough hit them the boss. 
80 the attacker used account first registered early jan try exploiting the vulnerability. 
80 looking back the accounts history indicates that this account has been used pentest many aspects our system unsuccessfully. 
80 every previous attempt find attack vector failed due hardening done our penetration testing team. 
80 had previously seen these attempts the logs something celebrate look our hardening working this hacker would have won but put security over features several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts but that pointless our business anyone can simply register. 
80 are still unclear the exact approach used cause our servers perception transactions mismatch with reality because have largely been focusing preparing for relaunch and building communication share with you the community over the past day. 
80 the best our understanding the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts bitcoins and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos similar transactions. 
80 our system reflected his withdrawals and his account showed zero. 
80 the attacker rapidly clicked refresh deposits link until our code assumed that the transaction failed all indications point malleability the root case. 
80 our system credited his account with the btc judged unsuccessfully withdrawn. 
80 this again due the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month see point. 
80 reality our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. 
80 result our system inaccurately represented the users balance larger than truly was. 
80 this allowed the attacker withdraw coins again. 
80 the attacker began depositing larger amounts such btc time order exploit the vulnerability quickly. 
80 they then drained our entire hot storage one bitcoin server shard and tried the attack from one their other accounts. 
80 the other account was different shard and allowed that hot storage drained. 
80 the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all our hot storage shards were drained. 
80 due the type vulnerability our accounting system had inaccurate perception bitcoins hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. 
80 this was failure our part build new server alert check each shard the new shared bitcoin infrastructure and another symptom how rushed were when implementing the new system during forum lynch mob about slow withdrawals. 
80 lessons learned far. 
80 more staff should have access killswitches and should not afraid use them. 
80 even its just because some news post about clearnet about some transaction malleability thing. 
80 killswitches should used liberally and regularly. 
80 community needs comfortable with regular downtime especially during periods when community safety and the safety its money could threatened. 
80 good staff will responsibly paranoid and hitting killswitches they deem necessary and should not afraid their community panicking each time precaution exercised. 
80 there more web security than rigorous penetration testing. 
80 also requires the constant review external services systems and. 
80 never make assumptions when implementing protocols you did not design. 
80 had not trusted mtgoxs staff procedures would have reviewed our approaches with much more rigor. 
80 just because large companys procedures are successful does not make them are safe. 
80 accept that your community will hate you regardless. 
80 the darknet you will crucified your community anything ever goes wrong. 
80 prepare for everyone hate you because you inevitably will fail something and you will need stay determined matter what. 
80 dont let get your head and dont let affect your rigor with security. 
80 cut corners with our deposit withdrawal speed optimizations because were afraid the lynch mob. 
80 were foolish this regard. 
80 should have taken the entire site offline for long took implement high volume fault tolerant bitcoin server well tested rigorous manner. 
80 this cost unspeakable amount trust that had slaved build some for years. 
80 this where were with much transparency this medium allows the worst that could happen did not happen. 
80 the worst thing that could happen for our communitys finances however did. 
80 hate that occurred under our watch. 
80 there nothing can change this. 
80 all can transparent about where are and move forward. 
80 those who will respond here for dramatic effect please consider contributing your energy the reconstruction our community. 
80 you cannot bring yourself this then please take your negativity elsewhere. 
80 you have lost faith silk road dont blame you the least. 
80 also not want read about perpetuity. 
80 trolling during disaster cowardice. 
80 choosing strengthen rather than troll when trolling the popular move thats noble. 
80 know that speak for all silk road staff seen and unseen when speak these words are going nowhere. 
80 will remain rebuild and move forward toward the greater goal for which strive our running this marketplace personal freedom and foundational human rights. 
80 silk road will always rise again. 
80 code select begin pgp signed message hash sha deeply thankful for the hundreds supportive messages ive received. 
80 consistently blown away how the core this community come together times strife. 
80 the multitude you who lost faith silk road still glad ive heard your words. 
80 still devastated that have failed you. 
80 and even have fallen victim this attack the majority personal earnings are completely gone. 
80 life not danger though and identity still protected thankful for this. 
80 now time share with you our plan move forward. 
80 realize you have way knowing whether telling the truth anything. 
80 trying communicate the authenticity true character the darknet difficult say the least and not expect any you take word. 
80 but actions over the next few weeks will speak louder than words ever could and you stick around you realize this. 
80 silk road not deadwe are here stay and for the most part believe our values are the same yours the community. 
80 and even though represent the latest idiot make security mistake unlike those who simply give and determined use lessons learned fight for this communitys long term security. 
80 focusing multi signature transactions our only safe trading mechanism long term. 
80 additionally ready and willing collaborate with other darknet administrators and utilize our talented penetration testing team help them regularly audit their security. 
80 and although the tinfoil club will probably hate this and continue tear shreds without regard for actions december and whether you choose believe them not here are the facts. 
80 live very busy and complicated life. 
80 take opsec extreme levels which consume many hours per day. 
80 any time you see here means have completed checklist which requires over hour preparation for reposition and reconfigure many things ensure leave the most minimal trail possible and can safely connect this place. 
80 this job will never safe and impossible perfectly covert. 
80 know what facing both from and from vendors who not share opinions non violence. 
80 all released announcements were true plans and all delays were due unanticipated external factors upon which cannot elaborate. 
80 staff has been very frustrated lack ability keep the dev team time. 
80 again this completely fault and something for which take complete responsibility. 
80 not trust any developers meticulously review anything the dev team sends. 
80 many have criticized for this and listened them. 
80 had reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix speed slow withdrawals last month transaction malleability would not have affected all. 
80 this completely fault for listening critics instead own sense caution. 
80 the public has known that auto finalize has been disabled for long time and has known that the escrow balance massive. 
80 any smart person could deduce that enabling auto finalize requires move vast sum from cold storage the hot storage wallet ensure adequate fund availability which admittedly was too large and one biggest failures this month. 
80 the attack was surgical and timed perfectly. 
80 the reason such high quantity coins was stolen was because were preparing implement auto finalization and had therefore moved huge volume from the cold storage the hot storage ensure the coins from all auto finalized orders could withdrawn without hitch. 
80 here are many details the attack can provide. 
80 still investigating and not want leak anything which could compromise any other markets. 
80 transparency this issue key however you deserve granular explanation possible why this happened. 
80 attack investigation results feb. 
80 when withdrawal delays were happening last month wrote custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries reference and built shared infrastructure load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation ever one server was compromised. 
80 this implementation was being written behind the scenes dev staff lynch mob was getting exponentially worse the forums. 
80 our moderator staff became more and more insistent that was crucial fix this problem immediately relaying many concerns and threats from the community. 
80 cut corner deciding watch transactions. 
80 many community members were reporting missing withdrawals weeks after sending them. 
80 implemented liberal check the refresh deposit balances link the account page essence allowed search deeply for any missing coins rescanning and rescanning. 
80 one our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. 
80 our thoughts were that the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach find missing coins must commonplace. 
80 received her his permission publish this. 
80 the transaction malleability bug was published last week time when was disconnected from the internet for extended period for opsec reasons. 
80 did not become aware the threat until the attack was already occurring. 
80 this was failure part trust more staff with critical access stop withdrawals. 
80 the people who did have access disable withdrawals were terrified doing without permission due how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. 
80 they knew they disabled withdrawals then enabled them there would run the bank and would need online deposit cold storage into hot storage. 
80 effect this was failure emphasize staff that always okay lean the side caution and hit killswitches they deem necessary. 
80 was also failure communicate expectations the community that sometimes killswitches will have hit and just means were playing safe. 
80 this month clear did not play safe. 
80 killswitches are pointless the only person confident enough hit them the boss. 
80 the attacker used account first registered early jan try exploiting the vulnerability. 
80 looking back the accounts history indicates that this account has been used pentest many aspects our system unsuccessfully. 
80 every previous attempt find attack vector failed due hardening done our penetration testing team. 
80 had previously seen these attempts the logs something celebrate look our hardening working this hacker would have won but put security over features several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts but that pointless our business anyone can simply register. 
80 are still unclear the exact approach used cause our servers perception transactions mismatch with reality because have largely been focusing preparing for relaunch and building communication share with you the community over the past day. 
80 the best our understanding the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts bitcoins and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos similar transactions. 
80 our system reflected his withdrawals and his account showed zero. 
80 the attacker rapidly clicked refresh deposits link until our code assumed that the transaction failed all indications point malleability the root case. 
80 our system credited his account with the btc judged unsuccessfully withdrawn. 
80 this again due the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month see point. 
80 reality our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. 
80 result our system inaccurately represented the users balance larger than truly was. 
80 this allowed the attacker withdraw coins again. 
80 the attacker began depositing larger amounts such btc time order exploit the vulnerability quickly. 
80 they then drained our entire hot storage one bitcoin server shard and tried the attack from one their other accounts. 
80 the other account was different shard and allowed that hot storage drained. 
80 the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all our hot storage shards were drained. 
80 due the type vulnerability our accounting system had inaccurate perception bitcoins hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. 
80 this was failure our part build new server alert check each shard the new shared bitcoin infrastructure and another symptom how rushed were when implementing the new system during forum lynch mob about slow withdrawals. 
81 cant believe anyone actually putting money into the site. 
81 the net closing and soon the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut shop and run for the hill with whatever money tied the site the time. 
82 deepdotweb have relegated the scam list. 
82 respected bitcoin engineers have called scam. 
82 least darkmarket community agrees its scamwhy does the hub continue infer legitimacy obvious conjob keeping the subforum especially since you claim you are trying shake the stink off yourselves. 
83 from mycarneedstint february amsr not and never will safe. 
83 not ever again and never really was. 
83 stay away from the forums try and stop. 
84 from poopoo february ami cant believe anyone actually putting money into the site. 
84 the net closing and soon the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut shop and run for the hill with whatever money tied the site the time. 
85 from llama socks february pmyou can put coins into and make order but theres esrcow only use vendors you really trust. 
86 llama socks your only defence against the avalanche evidence against defcon his own word. 
86 the word anonymous pseudonym you had idea existed months ago solid. 
87 from cooked february pmmtgox has never been functional loltrue dat. 
88 read this mate clearnet. 
88 com bitcoinmarkets comments ygxq mtgox megathread thursday february for one cant really get head around. 
89 from floydy february pmquote from evilgrin february pmwhat would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash the only thing have are goxs statements now and goxs track record the past. 
89 their track record appalling theyve fucked too many times for many people trust them. 
89 their statements far this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence technology and. 
89 will they open btc withdrawals again your guess good mine this ultimately depends whether business solvent. 
89 have they been scammed hacked are they turn scamming theres alot speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds cheap btc from gox customers transferring them other exchanges and selling rinse repeat make millions dollars. 
89 you have usd already gox theres some speculation that holding fiat gox better than holding btc they are indeed insolvent. 
89 japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions they fuck around too badly. 
89 youre thinking transferring usd into gox dont unless youve got account theyve already verified with photo utility bills etc because youll never able get anything back otherwise. 
89 you already have verified account then all means transfer some cash. 
89 you could make your money more you are able transfer the btc out another exchange some point the future. 
89 you could lose all turns out gox insolvent scammed hacked scamming. 
89 how much you trust gox keep eye. 
89 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
89 true dirty harry style you feel lucky punk agreed there track record shocking especaily when there trade engine stalled and their price got stuck loop one many examples. 
89 wont miss them they dissapear. 
90 from evilgrin february pmok know the basics. 
90 mtgox got hacked had some issue dont give crap about the conspiracy theorys and have now shut down withdrawls. 
90 what would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash stay away from gox. 
90 would you deposit money uninsured bank that has stopped allowing withdrawls and wire transfers but still accepts deposits stay away even for bitcoin bought there isnt worth. 
90 will consider miracle ever see coins mount cocks stole. 
90 lets not even mention how much they cost investors losses from coins tanking and not being allowed trade. 
90 mount cocks will down the biggest bitcoin scam date. 
90 will make the scam pulled look like nothing. 
91 after reading that cnn article remembered people reporting odd withdrawals before the site went down. 
91 what was odd the coins were being withdrawn before there were any confirmations blockchain. 
91 order for this happen the attacker would need the users private keys. 
91 remember has static deposit addresses. 
91 expert with bitcoins but wouldnt this suggest its inside job the very least the hacker has everyones private keys. 
92 from evilgrin february says cwb voted for obama. 
93 know the basics. 
93 mtgox got hacked had some issue dont give crap about the conspiracy theorys and have now shut down withdrawls. 
93 what would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash. 
94 never trusted gox from day. 
94 they are shifty just like the teenagers than ran bitinstant. 
94 understand that they have made some soft announcements that they plan giving people their money sometime and the link cwb gave their metric shit ton speculation. 
94 not trust gox all but putting usd make profit this point would simply gamble like any other. 
94 and personally think they will give the money back. 
94 just based how catastrophic would they didnt. 
94 and the fact they have claimed have all the coins. 
94 and not giving them back this point would make them look very very bad. 
94 have account pending verification. 
95 from pothead february pmstay away even for bitcoin bought there isnt worth. 
95 gox offers bitcoin and pants. 
96 howdy you are looking for free vendor account you can come blackbank. 
96 however with the advent recent questionable vendors that will changing shortly. 
96 you are interested joining feel free beforehand. 
96 there will also vendor application fee waiver for vendors with rating from reputable marketplaces upcoming update. 
97 thanks but when can place orders and put bitcoins the account because the bitcoins that had before attack escrow stays pending balance and yesterday sent for make test and pending confirmation too but not pending balances yet. 
97 when this problem fix then using bitcoinfog for example can put bitcoins account safely and place orders with the same way always and yes when this may possible thanks lot. 
98 have another question about the reopened and this about account too. 
98 deposit adresses above the adresses can read this text mix all coins which ever touch silk road. 
98 without mixing you are completely vulnerable blockchain analysis and the potential disclosure your identity. 
98 have basic internal mixing implemented but silk road ever compromised you will not safe. 
98 not rely one single point failure strongly recommend that you use bitcoin mixing service. 
98 you are unfamiliar with mixing services encourage you browse silk roads community forums for. 
98 what mean this dont know nothing about that really payment method what somebody can explain this and how works use put secure way bitcoins think that something like that another way but wanna know what and required place orders and pay with bitcoins safely how works like said. 
98 another thing please tell too. 
98 its important information know. 
99 from mycarneedstint february pmare you the payroll didnt just admit this the. 
100 from mycarneedstint february amwhere are the coins going did get his cut lol. 
100 considering his recent posts would have say yes got his cut. 
101 wow thanks that was great post would never thought that ever have amount coin that would worth stealing ill this lol. 
102 where are the coins going did get his cut. 
103 services like bitcoinfog mix your coins with other coins. 
103 you see btc has trail speak the blockchain. 
103 and you want fog this trail much possible just case. 
103 you dont want buy btc with your bank account and end linking you too. 
103 used have mixing service when your coins were deposited but longer does. 
104 stated all his bitcoins were stolen well. 
105 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
105 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat you seem like really nice person and hate the way people treat you over there. 
105 please dont defend this not being scam unless you have better proof than the testimony the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out you even more than they now. 
106 looks very cool and love the ethos but why when have tor configured for max security you require javascript enabled fully participate please. 
107 dont believe the part about hiring hitman. 
107 this was said and one else. 
107 why you believe everything cops say. 
108 from psychonaut february ami just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open dude youre little late the party that. 
109 from february amquote from psychonaut february ami just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open dude youre little late the party that. 
109 got the days ago. 
110 just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open. 
111 the only way people will know the truth all keep the hub honest. 
111 defcom did indeed mislead users. 
111 then outright lied about btc maleability. 
112 posted this another thread this subject but belongs here too. 
112 have proof that scam now. 
112 have the testimony bitcoin expert. 
112 only two scenarios exist says andreas antonopoulos engineer bitcoin wallet service blockchain silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly they simply swindled their customers themselves. 
112 usually just call scam and wait for the market prove otherwise but this time have the testimony expert witness that this scam. 
112 until can produce more qualified expert contradict. 
112 antonopoulos then think now for label this latest event scam least until get that contradictory expert testimony. 
113 member posts karma view profilei have opinion either way but couple weeks before the hack seemed like this place was falling apart and its future uncertain. 
113 whoever stole the coins would have waited they thought they could get more coins later date. 
113 from northwest nuggets february amits possible that hack some other type robbery did happen but happened while ago. 
113 have suspected for some time that didnt have all the bitcoins that were supposedly peoples wallets and were using these bugs borrow money from vendors when deposits were not enough fund the withdrawls. 
113 now that people are losing faith and leaving the site deposits are much less than withdrawls and vendors are requiring customers finalize early they cant borrow the money anymore. 
114 fair that article about fud bitcoins are prosecution futures you will caught etc and fact blockchains andreas antonopoulos states clearly that either willing let someone steal the coins stole the coins themself. 
114 cnn after all. 
115 think have found that hard evidence the form the testimony expert witness andreas antonopoulos. 
115 com technology security bitcoin black market silk roads new administrators said hackers exploited bitcoin glitch steal funds. 
115 but the days since the attack its become painfully clear that the bitcoin system isnt blame. 
115 only two scenarios exist says andreas antonopoulos engineer bitcoin wallet service blockchain silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly they simply swindled their customers themselves. 
116 only two scenarios exist says andreas antonopoulos engineer bitcoin wallet service blockchain silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly they simply swindled their customers themselves. 
116 here the link cnn article clearnet warning. 
116 com technology security bitcoin black market clearnet warning. 
117 have made over bitcoins total agora rocks. 
118 from tacit february pmi have made over bitcoins total agora rocks god damn thats alot just creaping btc now. 
119 from cuntdowntoban february amwhat does everyone think about temporary shutdown for like week two month something like that. 
119 market without support bottomless pit for you throw you bitcoins down. 
119 any other ideas for improvements welcome. 
119 feb how did know lol spam removed. 
120 from mycarneedstint february pmare you the payroll didnt just admit this the. 
121 stated all his bitcoins were stolen well. 
122 mtgox has never been functional lol. 
123 dont know alot things but read yesterday they are voting the owner off the board bitcoins something only problem this guy founding father the bitcoin orgazation whatver and they cant removed easy kinda like the president lol. 
123 rumor has mioght step down guy crook hear feel bad for the people losing money there. 
124 from jolly roger january pmquote from flaxceed january pmi was finally able get. 
124 agree now that they have fixed lot the issues retract the massive fail comment. 
124 when could not log for days end and could not get any help was looking bleak. 
124 things are definitely changing for the better yeah have spoken defcon about the site and aware the problems. 
124 mainly though just they not want become like all the other hacked markets. 
124 sheep bmr tor market flomarket and more come. 
124 even pandora was slightly compromised but the attacker only stole. 
124 all these markets are constantly under attempted attack and when you are silk road. 
124 you not want lose anyones coins. 
124 there are likely lot bitcoins flowing through silk road. 
124 and any hack that could exploit their escrow wallets would likely huge. 
124 therefore making absolute certain that the system near impossible compromise priority and trumps all fancy features like resolutions centers and forth. 
124 unfortunately most people see through this and think that these security features should have been implemented upon being developed. 
124 you see though with the other hacked markets easy make mistakes and all takes one little exploit and somebody will find and steal the bitcoins. 
124 one day people will look back this and laugh. 
124 agora the other hand was written former bitcoin fog developer and since bitcoin fog extremely solid quite confident that agora will solid well. 
124 have viewed the website and the coding looks solid. 
124 would interested your views the hack that allegedly got them. 
125 thanks but when can place orders and put bitcoins the account because the bitcoins that had before attack escrow stays pending balance and yesterday sent for make test and pending confirmation too but not pending balances yet. 
125 when this problem fix then using bitcoinfog for example can put bitcoins account safely and place orders with the same way always and yes when this may possible thanks lot. 
126 have another question about the reopened and this about account too. 
126 deposit adresses above the adresses can read this text mix all coins which ever touch silk road. 
126 without mixing you are completely vulnerable blockchain analysis and the potential disclosure your identity. 
126 have basic internal mixing implemented but silk road ever compromised you will not safe. 
126 not rely one single point failure strongly recommend that you use bitcoin mixing service. 
126 you are unfamiliar with mixing services encourage you browse silk roads community forums for. 
126 what mean this dont know nothing about that really payment method what somebody can explain this and how works use put secure way bitcoins think that something like that another way but wanna know what and required place orders and pay with bitcoins safely how works like said. 
126 another thing please tell too. 
126 its important information know. 
127 wow thanks that was great post would never thought that ever have amount coin that would worth stealing ill this lol. 
128 good stuff you should very weary cruising the darknet what essentially homing device. 
129 new all this encryption business and need tips learn bit. 
129 managed create pgp key alright but when using safe mail cant find option encrypt decrypt with that. 
129 also tried set thunderbird with safe mail but just tells there problem with eithermy password username both are correct. 
129 are there any other options for use pgp encryption want things get rolling but safe way purchace some lucy. 
129 its been long time and really miss her. 
129 thanks for any help. 
129 roh and use ubuntu linux that makes easier help. 
129 and how does one encrypt here tmg. 
130 cant believe anyone actually putting money into the site. 
130 the net closing and soon the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut shop and run for the hill with whatever money tied the site the time. 
131 deepdotweb have relegated the scam list. 
131 respected bitcoin engineers have called scam. 
131 least darkmarket community agrees its scamwhy does the hub continue infer legitimacy obvious conjob keeping the subforum especially since you claim you are trying shake the stink off yourselves. 
132 from defcon february. 
132 live very busy and complicated life. 
132 take opsec extreme levels which consume many hours per day. 
132 any time you see here means have completed checklist which requires over hour preparation for reposition and reconfigure many things ensure leave the most minimal trail possible and can safely connect this place. 
132 this job will never safe and impossible perfectly covert. 
132 know what facing both from and from vendors who not share opinions non violence. 
132 all released announcements were true plans and all delays were due unanticipated external factors upon which cannot elaborate. 
132 staff has been very frustrated lack ability keep the dev team time. 
132 again this completely fault and something for which take complete responsibility. 
132 not trust any developers meticulously review anything the dev team sends. 
132 many have criticized for this and listened them. 
132 had reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix speed slow withdrawals last month transaction malleability would not have affected all. 
132 this completely fault for listening critics instead own sense caution. 
132 the public has known that auto finalize has been disabled for long time and has known that the escrow balance massive. 
132 any smart person could deduce that enabling auto finalize requires move vast sum from cold storage the hot storage wallet ensure adequate fund availability which admittedly was too large and one biggest failures this month. 
132 the attack was surgical and timed perfectly. 
132 the reason such high quantity coins was stolen was because were preparing implement auto finalization and had therefore moved huge volume from the cold storage the hot storage ensure the coins from all auto finalized orders could withdrawn without hitch. 
132 here are many details the attack can provide. 
132 still investigating and not want leak anything which could compromise any other markets. 
132 transparency this issue key however you deserve granular explanation possible why this happened. 
132 attack investigation results feb. 
132 when withdrawal delays were happening last month wrote custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries reference and built shared infrastructure load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation ever one server was compromised. 
132 this implementation was being written behind the scenes dev staff lynch mob was getting exponentially worse the forums. 
132 our moderator staff became more and more insistent that was crucial fix this problem immediately relaying many concerns and threats from the community. 
132 cut corner deciding watch transactions. 
132 many community members were reporting missing withdrawals weeks after sending them. 
132 implemented liberal check the refresh deposit balances link the account page essence allowed search deeply for any missing coins rescanning and rescanning. 
132 one our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. 
132 our thoughts were that the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach find missing coins must commonplace. 
132 received her his permission publish this. 
132 the transaction malleability bug was published last week time when was disconnected from the internet for extended period for opsec reasons. 
132 did not become aware the threat until the attack was already occurring. 
132 this was failure part trust more staff with critical access stop withdrawals. 
132 the people who did have access disable withdrawals were terrified doing without permission due how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. 
132 they knew they disabled withdrawals then enabled them there would run the bank and would need online deposit cold storage into hot storage. 
132 effect this was failure emphasize staff that always okay lean the side caution and hit killswitches they deem necessary. 
132 was also failure communicate expectations the community that sometimes killswitches will have hit and just means were playing safe. 
132 this month clear did not play safe. 
132 killswitches are pointless the only person confident enough hit them the boss. 
132 the attacker used account first registered early jan try exploiting the vulnerability. 
132 looking back the accounts history indicates that this account has been used pentest many aspects our system unsuccessfully. 
132 every previous attempt find attack vector failed due hardening done our penetration testing team. 
132 had previously seen these attempts the logs something celebrate look our hardening working this hacker would have won but put security over features several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts but that pointless our business anyone can simply register. 
132 are still unclear the exact approach used cause our servers perception transactions mismatch with reality because have largely been focusing preparing for relaunch and building communication share with you the community over the past day. 
132 the best our understanding the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts bitcoins and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos similar transactions. 
132 our system reflected his withdrawals and his account showed zero. 
132 the attacker rapidly clicked refresh deposits link until our code assumed that the transaction failed all indications point malleability the root case. 
132 our system credited his account with the btc judged unsuccessfully withdrawn. 
132 this again due the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month see point. 
132 reality our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. 
132 result our system inaccurately represented the users balance larger than truly was. 
132 this allowed the attacker withdraw coins again. 
132 the attacker began depositing larger amounts such btc time order exploit the vulnerability quickly. 
132 they then drained our entire hot storage one bitcoin server shard and tried the attack from one their other accounts. 
132 the other account was different shard and allowed that hot storage drained. 
132 the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all our hot storage shards were drained. 
132 due the type vulnerability our accounting system had inaccurate perception bitcoins hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. 
132 this was failure our part build new server alert check each shard the new shared bitcoin infrastructure and another symptom how rushed were when implementing the new system during forum lynch mob about slow withdrawals. 
132 lessons learned far. 
132 more staff should have access killswitches and should not afraid use them. 
132 even its just because some news post about clearnet about some transaction malleability thing. 
132 killswitches should used liberally and regularly. 
132 community needs comfortable with regular downtime especially during periods when community safety and the safety its money could threatened. 
132 good staff will responsibly paranoid and hitting killswitches they deem necessary and should not afraid their community panicking each time precaution exercised. 
132 there more web security than rigorous penetration testing. 
132 also requires the constant review external services systems and. 
132 never make assumptions when implementing protocols you did not design. 
132 had not trusted mtgoxs staff procedures would have reviewed our approaches with much more rigor. 
132 just because large companys procedures are successful does not make them are safe. 
132 accept that your community will hate you regardless. 
132 the darknet you will crucified your community anything ever goes wrong. 
132 prepare for everyone hate you because you inevitably will fail something and you will need stay determined matter what. 
132 dont let get your head and dont let affect your rigor with security. 
132 cut corners with our deposit withdrawal speed optimizations because were afraid the lynch mob. 
132 were foolish this regard. 
132 should have taken the entire site offline for long took implement high volume fault tolerant bitcoin server well tested rigorous manner. 
132 this cost unspeakable amount trust that had slaved build some for years. 
132 this where were with much transparency this medium allows the worst that could happen did not happen. 
132 the worst thing that could happen for our communitys finances however did. 
132 hate that occurred under our watch. 
132 there nothing can change this. 
132 all can transparent about where are and move forward. 
132 those who will respond here for dramatic effect please consider contributing your energy the reconstruction our community. 
132 you cannot bring yourself this then please take your negativity elsewhere. 
132 you have lost faith silk road dont blame you the least. 
132 also not want read about perpetuity. 
132 trolling during disaster cowardice. 
132 choosing strengthen rather than troll when trolling the popular move thats noble. 
132 know that speak for all silk road staff seen and unseen when speak these words are going nowhere. 
132 will remain rebuild and move forward toward the greater goal for which strive our running this marketplace personal freedom and foundational human rights. 
132 silk road will always rise again. 
132 code select begin pgp signed message hash sha deeply thankful for the hundreds supportive messages ive received. 
132 consistently blown away how the core this community come together times strife. 
132 the multitude you who lost faith silk road still glad ive heard your words. 
132 still devastated that have failed you. 
132 and even have fallen victim this attack the majority personal earnings are completely gone. 
132 life not danger though and identity still protected thankful for this. 
132 now time share with you our plan move forward. 
132 realize you have way knowing whether telling the truth anything. 
132 trying communicate the authenticity true character the darknet difficult say the least and not expect any you take word. 
132 but actions over the next few weeks will speak louder than words ever could and you stick around you realize this. 
132 silk road not deadwe are here stay and for the most part believe our values are the same yours the community. 
132 and even though represent the latest idiot make security mistake unlike those who simply give and determined use lessons learned fight for this communitys long term security. 
132 focusing multi signature transactions our only safe trading mechanism long term. 
132 additionally ready and willing collaborate with other darknet administrators and utilize our talented penetration testing team help them regularly audit their security. 
132 and although the tinfoil club will probably hate this and continue tear shreds without regard for actions december and whether you choose believe them not here are the facts. 
132 live very busy and complicated life. 
132 take opsec extreme levels which consume many hours per day. 
132 any time you see here means have completed checklist which requires over hour preparation for reposition and reconfigure many things ensure leave the most minimal trail possible and can safely connect this place. 
132 this job will never safe and impossible perfectly covert. 
132 know what facing both from and from vendors who not share opinions non violence. 
132 all released announcements were true plans and all delays were due unanticipated external factors upon which cannot elaborate. 
132 staff has been very frustrated lack ability keep the dev team time. 
132 again this completely fault and something for which take complete responsibility. 
132 not trust any developers meticulously review anything the dev team sends. 
132 many have criticized for this and listened them. 
132 had reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix speed slow withdrawals last month transaction malleability would not have affected all. 
132 this completely fault for listening critics instead own sense caution. 
132 the public has known that auto finalize has been disabled for long time and has known that the escrow balance massive. 
132 any smart person could deduce that enabling auto finalize requires move vast sum from cold storage the hot storage wallet ensure adequate fund availability which admittedly was too large and one biggest failures this month. 
132 the attack was surgical and timed perfectly. 
132 the reason such high quantity coins was stolen was because were preparing implement auto finalization and had therefore moved huge volume from the cold storage the hot storage ensure the coins from all auto finalized orders could withdrawn without hitch. 
132 here are many details the attack can provide. 
132 still investigating and not want leak anything which could compromise any other markets. 
132 transparency this issue key however you deserve granular explanation possible why this happened. 
132 attack investigation results feb. 
132 when withdrawal delays were happening last month wrote custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries reference and built shared infrastructure load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation ever one server was compromised. 
132 this implementation was being written behind the scenes dev staff lynch mob was getting exponentially worse the forums. 
132 our moderator staff became more and more insistent that was crucial fix this problem immediately relaying many concerns and threats from the community. 
132 cut corner deciding watch transactions. 
132 many community members were reporting missing withdrawals weeks after sending them. 
132 implemented liberal check the refresh deposit balances link the account page essence allowed search deeply for any missing coins rescanning and rescanning. 
132 one our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. 
132 our thoughts were that the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach find missing coins must commonplace. 
132 received her his permission publish this. 
132 the transaction malleability bug was published last week time when was disconnected from the internet for extended period for opsec reasons. 
132 did not become aware the threat until the attack was already occurring. 
132 this was failure part trust more staff with critical access stop withdrawals. 
132 the people who did have access disable withdrawals were terrified doing without permission due how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. 
132 they knew they disabled withdrawals then enabled them there would run the bank and would need online deposit cold storage into hot storage. 
132 effect this was failure emphasize staff that always okay lean the side caution and hit killswitches they deem necessary. 
132 was also failure communicate expectations the community that sometimes killswitches will have hit and just means were playing safe. 
132 this month clear did not play safe. 
132 killswitches are pointless the only person confident enough hit them the boss. 
132 the attacker used account first registered early jan try exploiting the vulnerability. 
132 looking back the accounts history indicates that this account has been used pentest many aspects our system unsuccessfully. 
132 every previous attempt find attack vector failed due hardening done our penetration testing team. 
132 had previously seen these attempts the logs something celebrate look our hardening working this hacker would have won but put security over features several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts but that pointless our business anyone can simply register. 
132 are still unclear the exact approach used cause our servers perception transactions mismatch with reality because have largely been focusing preparing for relaunch and building communication share with you the community over the past day. 
132 the best our understanding the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts bitcoins and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos similar transactions. 
132 our system reflected his withdrawals and his account showed zero. 
132 the attacker rapidly clicked refresh deposits link until our code assumed that the transaction failed all indications point malleability the root case. 
132 our system credited his account with the btc judged unsuccessfully withdrawn. 
132 this again due the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month see point. 
132 reality our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. 
132 result our system inaccurately represented the users balance larger than truly was. 
132 this allowed the attacker withdraw coins again. 
132 the attacker began depositing larger amounts such btc time order exploit the vulnerability quickly. 
132 they then drained our entire hot storage one bitcoin server shard and tried the attack from one their other accounts. 
132 the other account was different shard and allowed that hot storage drained. 
132 the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all our hot storage shards were drained. 
132 due the type vulnerability our accounting system had inaccurate perception bitcoins hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. 
132 this was failure our part build new server alert check each shard the new shared bitcoin infrastructure and another symptom how rushed were when implementing the new system during forum lynch mob about slow withdrawals. 
133 not calling scam scam not neutrality. 
133 look folks there are only options when comes whether you think that stole money from users not. 
133 incompetent fools unable protect user funds. 
133 the right thing would encourage buyers and sellers utilize other more deserving markets. 
133 has the least credibility out any market currently business. 
134 from evilgrin february pmquote from tyrone february. 
134 incompetent fools unable protect user funds. 
134 ill prefix what about say with hate sounding like defending. 
134 trying get provoke more than half thought out you people. 
134 you call them incompetent fools unable protect user funds you are calling lot site owners this. 
134 ulbricht the people who ran bitmit and even backopy who ran what lot people call the best run marketplace history. 
134 dont see your market that impenetrable fortress. 
134 wheres know probably bunch thieving cunts and all the shit talk deserved but little bit wisdom that learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct the thought process leading the correct conclusion flawed not. 
134 its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came the correct conclusion. 
134 dont want seen picking fight because notice that are almost always the same page but this non sequitur. 
134 dont deny that cannot code site. 
134 but let put different way. 
134 let say there doctor let call him doctor death there have been many these many countries and criticize this fellow for the high body count his patients. 
134 you retort that havent performed any brain surgery. 
134 then you tell come back when perform successful lobotomy. 
134 put that way isnt nonsensical. 
135 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
135 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat until proof provided that all the coins have been repaid and plausable explanation given why support was available for months and how the coins actually disappeared. 
135 will forever known scam honeypot site. 
135 should avoided like the plague danger danger will robinson. 
136 from mycarneedstint february amwhere are the coins going did get his cut lol. 
136 considering his recent posts would have say yes got his cut. 
137 where are the coins going did get his cut. 
138 very glad see some like minded folks around here. 
138 currently organizing multisig club similar pines legendary pgp club and urge anyone whod like toss few bitcents back and forth swing the security section and chime. 
139 not bothing with this anymore. 
139 upon reading android wont enough. 
140 from evilgrin february says cwb voted for obama. 
141 just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open. 
142 from february amquote from psychonaut february ami just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open dude youre little late the party that. 
142 got the days ago. 
143 from psychonaut february ami just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open dude youre little late the party that. 
144 llama socks your only defence against the avalanche evidence against defcon his own word. 
144 the word anonymous pseudonym you had idea existed months ago solid. 
145 from poopoo february ami cant believe anyone actually putting money into the site. 
145 the net closing and soon the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut shop and run for the hill with whatever money tied the site the time. 
146 after reading that cnn article remembered people reporting odd withdrawals before the site went down. 
146 what was odd the coins were being withdrawn before there were any confirmations blockchain. 
146 order for this happen the attacker would need the users private keys. 
146 remember has static deposit addresses. 
146 expert with bitcoins but wouldnt this suggest its inside job the very least the hacker has everyones private keys. 
147 centralized marketplaces are dead. 
147 this point the evolution deepweb marketplaces the only logical next step. 
147 many kudos sites such this that are beginning move this direction applaud you. 
147 there better example proving why multisig important than the recent events silk road. 
147 our community would million whatever the new number people are tossing about richer wouldve adopted this technology earlier. 
147 one the most important elements decentralized market way make safe simple trustless transactions. 
147 previously this technology was rather difficult for your average user wrap their head around requiring using command line create and handle these transactions. 
147 fortunately for the demand there and simplified web uis are now popping make this process significantly easier. 
147 what multisig long story short its way eliminate having one centralized wallet holding all the coins while still maintaining the benefits third party arbitrating. 
147 the huge advantage comparison the escrow were all used that the arbitrator cannot single handedly decide the fate the coins making situations like what happened not only the hackers but also shutdown impossible. 
147 multiple parties hold the keys the transaction and without coming agreement the coins cant moved read seized stolen. 
147 heres simplified example how transaction which would the most suitable for our purposes would work site like bitrated. 
147 this would differ slightly other sites but the basic premise remains the same. 
147 seller creates transaction and sends the link buyer the stipulations what occur should there dispute. 
147 buyer accepts transaction and then both parties are presented the multisignature transaction page. 
147 buyer deposits bitcoins the address generated where the coins are held until two the three involved buyer seller and arbitrator sign their private key. 
147 basically the arbitrator just tie breaker should the buyer seller not able come agreement who gets the money. 
147 this point you can also deifne what portion goes what addresses its agreement that isnt refund the arbitrator has fees for disputes feature only available bitrated. 
147 buyer satisfied they sign the transaction. 
147 their sig alongside the sellers releases the funds the seller. 
147 buyer unsatisfied dispute made and sent the arbitrator who makes the final decision based evidence provided and the agreed upon terms linked the transaction. 
147 where start there are currently two websites ive found which offer simplified service which doesnt require using console command line. 
147 unfortunately neither them are ideal for our purposes yet but undoubtedly the very near future there will more advances the technology namely multisig being built into the gui popular wallet services. 
147 ill compare contrast the two below and you know others please let know bitrated. 
147 com the most full featured multisig site clear easy follow instructions and fairly comprehensive documentation. 
147 there clear text field for seller list the terms before sending buyer. 
147 arbitrator not needed any way should transaction not into dispute. 
147 buyer seller are given url containing their public key which all that needs held onto complete the transaction. 
147 supports client side key generation. 
147 arbitrators have username which they can easily link buyers sellers and either can begin the transaction. 
147 the future this username will have trust ratings similar lbtc. 
147 both buyer and seller must online simultaneously initiate the transaction. 
147 this far the biggest issue and werent for this there would reason use the other services. 
147 using this arbitrator who has set account using client side public key instead private key generated the website big security issue when conducting the transaction over tor. 
147 lacks end end encryption during the initiation step when data must sent between users. 
147 see bug report. 
147 com shesek bitrated issues coinb. 
147 multisig supports client side key generation. 
147 allows types multisig other than cant see many situations this would helpful for though. 
147 buyer seller not need online simultaneously. 
147 any the parties involved can create the transaction. 
147 barebones need for arbitrator users start account. 
147 not very user friendly and very little support documentation. 
147 support for sending percentages transactions without creating multiple receiving addresses and complicating the matter the process. 
147 what propose multisig club similar fashion pines legendary pgp club. 
147 due the numerous options available and need for coordination will have work out separate system for doing test transactions each site. 
147 currently going over the possible methods for organizing this. 
147 for the time being just looking see who would interested tossing few bitcents back and fourth well get some discussion going about the current future options for multisig. 
147 would prefer arbitrate transactions myself but can also act the buyer seller simultanously get better feel for how both sides these systems work. 
147 welcome the club. 
149 services like bitcoinfog mix your coins with other coins. 
149 you see btc has trail speak the blockchain. 
149 and you want fog this trail much possible just case. 
149 you dont want buy btc with your bank account and end linking you too. 
149 used have mixing service when your coins were deposited but longer does. 
150 from evilgrin february says cwb voted for obama. 
151 llama socks your only defence against the avalanche evidence against defcon his own word. 
151 the word anonymous pseudonym you had idea existed months ago solid. 
152 from poopoo february ami cant believe anyone actually putting money into the site. 
152 the net closing and soon the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut shop and run for the hill with whatever money tied the site the time. 
153 from mycarneedstint february amsr not and never will safe. 
153 not ever again and never really was. 
153 stay away from the forums try and stop. 
154 from llama socks february pmyou can put coins into and make order but theres esrcow only use vendors you really trust. 
155 just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open. 
156 from february amquote from psychonaut february ami just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open dude youre little late the party that. 
156 got the days ago. 
157 from psychonaut february ami just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open dude youre little late the party that. 
158 wow thanks that was great post would never thought that ever have amount coin that would worth stealing ill this lol. 
159 from jolly roger january pmquote from flaxceed january pmi was finally able get. 
159 agree now that they have fixed lot the issues retract the massive fail comment. 
159 when could not log for days end and could not get any help was looking bleak. 
159 things are definitely changing for the better yeah have spoken defcon about the site and aware the problems. 
159 mainly though just they not want become like all the other hacked markets. 
159 sheep bmr tor market flomarket and more come. 
159 even pandora was slightly compromised but the attacker only stole. 
159 all these markets are constantly under attempted attack and when you are silk road. 
159 you not want lose anyones coins. 
159 there are likely lot bitcoins flowing through silk road. 
159 and any hack that could exploit their escrow wallets would likely huge. 
159 therefore making absolute certain that the system near impossible compromise priority and trumps all fancy features like resolutions centers and forth. 
159 unfortunately most people see through this and think that these security features should have been implemented upon being developed. 
159 you see though with the other hacked markets easy make mistakes and all takes one little exploit and somebody will find and steal the bitcoins. 
159 one day people will look back this and laugh. 
159 agora the other hand was written former bitcoin fog developer and since bitcoin fog extremely solid quite confident that agora will solid well. 
159 have viewed the website and the coding looks solid. 
159 would interested your views the hack that allegedly got them. 
160 new all this encryption business and need tips learn bit. 
160 managed create pgp key alright but when using safe mail cant find option encrypt decrypt with that. 
160 also tried set thunderbird with safe mail but just tells there problem with eithermy password username both are correct. 
160 are there any other options for use pgp encryption want things get rolling but safe way purchace some lucy. 
160 its been long time and really miss her. 
160 thanks for any help. 
160 roh and use ubuntu linux that makes easier help. 
160 and how does one encrypt here tmg. 
161 not calling scam scam not neutrality. 
161 look folks there are only options when comes whether you think that stole money from users not. 
161 incompetent fools unable protect user funds. 
161 the right thing would encourage buyers and sellers utilize other more deserving markets. 
161 has the least credibility out any market currently business. 
162 from evilgrin february pmquote from tyrone february. 
162 incompetent fools unable protect user funds. 
162 ill prefix what about say with hate sounding like defending. 
162 trying get provoke more than half thought out you people. 
162 you call them incompetent fools unable protect user funds you are calling lot site owners this. 
162 ulbricht the people who ran bitmit and even backopy who ran what lot people call the best run marketplace history. 
162 dont see your market that impenetrable fortress. 
162 wheres know probably bunch thieving cunts and all the shit talk deserved but little bit wisdom that learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct the thought process leading the correct conclusion flawed not. 
162 its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came the correct conclusion. 
162 dont want seen picking fight because notice that are almost always the same page but this non sequitur. 
162 dont deny that cannot code site. 
162 but let put different way. 
162 let say there doctor let call him doctor death there have been many these many countries and criticize this fellow for the high body count his patients. 
162 you retort that havent performed any brain surgery. 
162 then you tell come back when perform successful lobotomy. 
162 put that way isnt nonsensical. 
163 not and never will safe. 
163 not ever again and never really was. 
163 stay away from the forums. 
164 from pothead february pmsite should closed until coins are repaidhahah yeah right. 
164 basically the site should closed forever. 
164 the coins will never repaid. 
164 all know that. 
165 from mycarneedstint february amwhere are the coins going did get his cut lol. 
165 considering his recent posts would have say yes got his cut. 
166 where are the coins going did get his cut. 
167 howdy you are looking for free vendor account you can come blackbank. 
167 however with the advent recent questionable vendors that will changing shortly. 
167 you are interested joining feel free beforehand. 
167 there will also vendor application fee waiver for vendors with rating from reputable marketplaces upcoming update. 
168 stated all his bitcoins were stolen well. 
169 mtgox has never been functional lol. 
170 fair that article about fud bitcoins are prosecution futures you will caught etc and fact blockchains andreas antonopoulos states clearly that either willing let someone steal the coins stole the coins themself. 
170 cnn after all. 
171 think have found that hard evidence the form the testimony expert witness andreas antonopoulos. 
171 com technology security bitcoin black market silk roads new administrators said hackers exploited bitcoin glitch steal funds. 
171 but the days since the attack its become painfully clear that the bitcoin system isnt blame. 
171 only two scenarios exist says andreas antonopoulos engineer bitcoin wallet service blockchain silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly they simply swindled their customers themselves. 
172 member posts karma view profilei have opinion either way but couple weeks before the hack seemed like this place was falling apart and its future uncertain. 
172 whoever stole the coins would have waited they thought they could get more coins later date. 
172 from northwest nuggets february amits possible that hack some other type robbery did happen but happened while ago. 
172 have suspected for some time that didnt have all the bitcoins that were supposedly peoples wallets and were using these bugs borrow money from vendors when deposits were not enough fund the withdrawls. 
172 now that people are losing faith and leaving the site deposits are much less than withdrawls and vendors are requiring customers finalize early they cant borrow the money anymore. 
173 posted this another thread this subject but belongs here too. 
173 have proof that scam now. 
173 have the testimony bitcoin expert. 
173 only two scenarios exist says andreas antonopoulos engineer bitcoin wallet service blockchain silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly they simply swindled their customers themselves. 
173 usually just call scam and wait for the market prove otherwise but this time have the testimony expert witness that this scam. 
173 until can produce more qualified expert contradict. 
173 antonopoulos then think now for label this latest event scam least until get that contradictory expert testimony. 
174 know the basics. 
174 mtgox got hacked had some issue dont give crap about the conspiracy theorys and have now shut down withdrawls. 
174 what would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash. 
175 never trusted gox from day. 
175 they are shifty just like the teenagers than ran bitinstant. 
175 understand that they have made some soft announcements that they plan giving people their money sometime and the link cwb gave their metric shit ton speculation. 
175 not trust gox all but putting usd make profit this point would simply gamble like any other. 
175 and personally think they will give the money back. 
175 just based how catastrophic would they didnt. 
175 and the fact they have claimed have all the coins. 
175 and not giving them back this point would make them look very very bad. 
175 have account pending verification. 
176 from pothead february pmstay away even for bitcoin bought there isnt worth. 
176 gox offers bitcoin and pants. 
177 good stuff you should very weary cruising the darknet what essentially homing device. 
178 does anyone know these people are legit has anyone bought from them emailed them about product and they gave link their stocklist. 
178 that was couple days ago. 
178 now their website down. 
178 emailing them about buying product and asked them about the website and they said that the server the website was hosted was hacked and wiped. 
178 should trust them could their email compromised too. 
179 says cwb voted for obama. 
180 from xsposer february pmthis sounds just like what the sheep market admin did for all their vocal forum members before they stole everything. 
180 just ask jack hoff backed sheep market until the very last day. 
180 why because unlike everyone else they let him withdraw limited amount funds would publicly called any scam talk. 
180 does this post sound familiar almost believed that everybody else was making all about not getting withdrawls because trusted jack and would say just withdrew every time somebody would say their withdrawls were not working. 
181 mean just imagine the consequences for the community market allowed take your money and that isnt called scam even the face evidence that would stand court like the testimony expert witness. 
181 this means that market can just take our money any time they want and even have evidence will just keep right using. 
182 from tyrone february. 
182 incompetent fools unable protect user funds. 
182 ill prefix what about say with hate sounding like defending. 
182 trying get provoke more than half thought out you people. 
182 you call them incompetent fools unable protect user funds you are calling lot site owners this. 
182 ulbricht the people who ran bitmit and even backopy who ran what lot people call the best run marketplace history. 
182 dont see your market that impenetrable fortress. 
182 wheres know probably bunch thieving cunts and all the shit talk deserved but little bit wisdom that learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct the thought process leading the correct conclusion flawed not. 
182 its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came the correct conclusion. 
183 dont fight with people the internet thats gay but enjoy honest conversation even have opposing opinions. 
183 from what see the reason you said they were hacked was because they were too incompetent secure the funds. 
183 you dont want offer option where they are not assholes. 
183 and course sound argument shouldnt offer such option. 
183 there lot marketplaces that have been hacked despite the admins intentions technical knowledge security capabilities. 
183 the fact the matter its really freakin hard completely secure million dollars worth coins that are sitting one spot the internet. 
183 either evey market admin date incompetent impossible nearly impossible secure bitcoins the darknet. 
183 which option sounds more true. 
183 follow your analogy different doctors preform lobotomys and them kill the patient. 
183 the doctor incompetent opinion the matter. 
183 super gay begin with. 
183 this point they either pay people back dont. 
183 few months can decide they are scammers not. 
183 know how angry people get when their money lost but claiming they are lying nothing more than claim right now. 
183 wouldnt the first time market was hacked. 
183 all that being said dont like. 
183 dont think anyone should use. 
183 its place for children get high. 
183 you are child and what get high the road. 
183 there are better places. 
184 well they deserve chance respond the blockchain guy but they dont come with expert that contradicts him pretty soon then should labelled scam. 
184 this market were called sheep instead silk road then would have called scam days ago. 
184 now that have bitcoin expert saying that has some type scam they must contradict this with their own expert labelled scam. 
185 agree with you nuggets. 
185 wallet was emptied. 
185 had nothing escrow and two finalized orders. 
185 not feel wallet safe all. 
185 not feel any market wallet safe. 
185 wish could tell people that safe. 
185 but lets realistic. 
185 know all have choice and hopefully understand the risks and right now they seem like pretty fin great risks. 
186 from evilgrin february pmi have account pending verification. 
186 their track record actually following through and verifying account holders even though theyve had relevant documents pretty poor and suspect that right now their customer service people are probably focussed other things. 
186 would strongly recommend you nothing till your account verified you youll doubling your risk. 
186 from evilgrin february pmand personally think they will give the money back. 
186 just based how catastrophic would they didnt. 
186 and the fact they have claimed have all the coins. 
186 and not giving them back this point would make them look very very bad. 
186 theyve been making themselves look bad regular basis for long ive been into bitcoin you think any that bothers mark karpeles hes got track record for saying fuck you you dont like his customers why should this situation any different. 
187 from evilgrin february pmwhat would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash the only thing have are goxs statements now and goxs track record the past. 
187 their track record appalling theyve fucked too many times for many people trust them. 
187 their statements far this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence technology and. 
187 will they open btc withdrawals again your guess good mine this ultimately depends whether business solvent. 
187 have they been scammed hacked are they turn scamming theres alot speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds cheap btc from gox customers transferring them other exchanges and selling rinse repeat make millions dollars. 
187 you have usd already gox theres some speculation that holding fiat gox better than holding btc they are indeed insolvent. 
187 japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions they fuck around too badly. 
187 youre thinking transferring usd into gox dont unless youve got account theyve already verified with photo utility bills etc because youll never able get anything back otherwise. 
187 you already have verified account then all means transfer some cash. 
187 you could make your money more you are able transfer the btc out another exchange some point the future. 
187 you could lose all turns out gox insolvent scammed hacked scamming. 
187 how much you trust gox keep eye. 
187 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
187 true dirty harry style you feel lucky punk. 
188 there just started using agora. 
188 havent ordered but have deposited tiny amount btc just test. 
188 ive been looking agoras forum and there are several complaints about deposits not showing one person even complaining that looked the blockchain and saw his deposit his agora wallet sent another address internal tumbling but never showing his agora wallet. 
188 addition these people are complaining zero response from agora support. 
188 anyone had any similar experiences edit not trying diss agora actually looks like very well run marketplace just exercising due diligence before jump and make purchase. 
189 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
189 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat until proof provided that all the coins have been repaid and plausable explanation given why support was available for months and how the coins actually disappeared. 
189 will forever known scam honeypot site. 
189 should avoided like the plague danger danger will robinson. 
190 from trolltergeist february amsr will consistently rape there customer base. 
190 all know was not hacked. 
190 most know and some just not want believe. 
190 doesnt matter who took what this point. 
190 its how much trust someone willing put into what being said admins. 
190 and fuck that isnt totally personal interpretation but ive learned most the new members are not too good interpreting things. 
191 thats only accurate for one type standarized transaction. 
191 you can assign outputs all sorts different things that dont just require proof ownership private key whose public keys hash corresponds certain value. 
191 course good luck getting your wierdo transaction into the blockchain. 
192 from pothead february pmsite should closed until coins are repaidhahah yeah right. 
192 basically the site should closed forever. 
192 the coins will never repaid. 
192 all know that. 
193 not and never will safe. 
193 not ever again and never really was. 
193 stay away from the forums. 
194 from evilgrin february pmquote from tyrone february. 
194 incompetent fools unable protect user funds. 
194 ill prefix what about say with hate sounding like defending. 
194 trying get provoke more than half thought out you people. 
194 you call them incompetent fools unable protect user funds you are calling lot site owners this. 
194 ulbricht the people who ran bitmit and even backopy who ran what lot people call the best run marketplace history. 
194 dont see your market that impenetrable fortress. 
194 wheres know probably bunch thieving cunts and all the shit talk deserved but little bit wisdom that learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct the thought process leading the correct conclusion flawed not. 
194 its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came the correct conclusion. 
194 dont want seen picking fight because notice that are almost always the same page but this non sequitur. 
194 dont deny that cannot code site. 
194 but let put different way. 
194 let say there doctor let call him doctor death there have been many these many countries and criticize this fellow for the high body count his patients. 
194 you retort that havent performed any brain surgery. 
194 then you tell come back when perform successful lobotomy. 
194 put that way isnt nonsensical. 
195 not calling scam scam not neutrality. 
195 look folks there are only options when comes whether you think that stole money from users not. 
195 incompetent fools unable protect user funds. 
195 the right thing would encourage buyers and sellers utilize other more deserving markets. 
195 has the least credibility out any market currently business. 
196 new all this encryption business and need tips learn bit. 
196 managed create pgp key alright but when using safe mail can't find option encrypt decrypt with that. 
196 also tried set thunderbird with safe mail but just tells there problem with eithermy password username both are correct. 
196 are there any other options for use pgp encryption want things get rolling but safe way purchace some lucy. 
196 it's been long time and really miss her. 
196 thanks for any help. 
196 roh and use ubuntu linux that makes easier help. 
196 and how does one encrypt here tmg. 
197 thanks for posting this. 
199 hello all glad here. 
199 interested genuine lsd have done only once and wasn't too strong dose enough though enable talk telepathically friends who took with got plenty cev and felt great also bit cheated because felt that something wonderful had been hidden from due legislation. 
199 had this weird red light trail following fingers next day. 
199 also once tried mushrooms similar experience not too strong. 
199 haven't been doing psychedelics too often and was decades ago what dosage you recommend might have trip alone massive doses are out question. 
199 all dope friends are grown ups with families and businesses etc. 
199 just alone exploring. 
199 general psychological health good and strong i'm not scared strong doses either. 
199 how accurate are the dosage descriptions when someone sells micrograms really that much less know this place has reviewed sellers how strongly could trust i'm not getting some order lucy for purity and genuiness uttermost importance might introduce lsd friend later and definitely want her first real lsd experience. 
199 she can then decide herself she wants. 
199 also does safe mail work with pgp i'm bit clueless with pgp but understand the basic principle. 
199 also have access bitcoin automat where just put cash and scan the code paperwallet. 
199 after that not know how pay for example need online wallet too sorry for daft questions please just point thread these have been covered already. 
199 cand customs dogs sniff lsd only asking saw cops style program where the dog marked letter and they tested lab was some blotter. 
199 plan use thunderbird with pgp and safe mail address this also i'm interested mushrooms and would like get hint dosage guidelines for both shrooms and lsd chill out dosage for both and real ego death dosage. 
199 can these used after each other let's say week apart once month what thanks. 
200 very glad see some like minded folks around here. 
200 i'm currently organizing multisig club similar pine's legendary pgp club and urge anyone who'd like toss few bitcents back and forth swing the security section and chime. 
201 centralized marketplaces are dead. 
201 this point the evolution deepweb marketplaces the only logical next step. 
201 many kudos sites such this that are beginning move this direction applaud you. 
201 there better example proving why multisig important than the recent events silk road. 
201 our community would million whatever the new number people are tossing about richer would've adopted this technology earlier. 
201 one the most important elements decentralized market way make safe simple trustless transactions. 
201 previously this technology was rather difficult for your average user wrap their head around requiring using command line create and handle these transactions. 
201 fortunately for the demand there and simplified web uis are now popping make this process significantly easier. 
201 what multisig long story short it's way eliminate having one centralized wallet holding all the coins while still maintaining the benefits third party arbitrating. 
201 the huge advantage comparison the escrow we're all used that the arbitrator cannot single handedly decide the fate the coins making situations like what happened not only the hackers but also shutdown impossible. 
201 multiple parties hold the keys the transaction and without coming agreement the coins can't moved read seized stolen. 
201 here's simplified example how transaction which would the most suitable for our purposes would work site like bitrated. 
201 this would differ slightly other sites but the basic premise remains the same. 
201 seller creates transaction and sends the link buyer the stipulations what occur should there dispute. 
201 buyer accepts transaction and then both parties are presented the multisignature transaction page. 
201 buyer deposits bitcoins the address generated where the coins are held until two the three involved buyer seller and arbitrator sign their private key. 
201 basically the arbitrator just tie breaker should the buyer seller not able come agreement who gets the money. 
201 this point you can also deifne what portion goes what addresses it's agreement that isn't refund the arbitrator has fees for disputes feature only available bitrated. 
201 buyer satisfied they sign the transaction. 
201 their sig alongside the seller's releases the funds the seller. 
201 buyer unsatisfied dispute made and sent the arbitrator who makes the final decision based evidence provided and the agreed upon terms linked the transaction. 
201 where start there are currently two websites i've found which offer simplified service which doesn't require using console command line. 
201 unfortunately neither them are ideal for our purposes yet but undoubtedly the very near future there will more advances the technology namely multisig being built into the gui popular wallet services. 
201 i'll compare contrast the two below and you know others please let know bitrated. 
201 com the most full featured multisig site clear easy follow instructions and fairly comprehensive documentation. 
201 there clear text field for seller list the terms before sending buyer. 
201 arbitrator not needed any way should transaction not into dispute. 
201 buyer seller are given url containing their public key which all that needs held onto complete the transaction. 
201 supports client side key generation. 
201 arbitrators have username which they can easily link buyers sellers and either can begin the transaction. 
201 the future this username will have trust ratings similar lbtc. 
201 both buyer and seller must online simultaneously initiate the transaction. 
201 this far the biggest issue and weren't for this there would reason use the other services. 
201 using this arbitrator who has set account using client side public key instead private key generated the website big security issue when conducting the transaction over tor. 
201 lacks end end encryption during the initiation step when data must sent between users. 
201 see bug report. 
201 com shesek bitrated issues coinb. 
201 multisig supports client side key generation. 
201 allows types multisig other than can't see many situations this would helpful for though. 
201 buyer seller not need online simultaneously. 
201 any the parties involved can create the transaction. 
201 barebones need for arbitrator users start account. 
201 not very user friendly and very little support documentation. 
201 support for sending percentages transactions without creating multiple receiving addresses and complicating the matter the process. 
201 what propose multisig club similar fashion pine's legendary pgp club. 
201 due the numerous options available and need for coordination will have work out separate system for doing test transactions each site. 
201 i'm currently going over the possible methods for organizing this. 
201 for the time being i'm just looking see who would interested tossing few bitcents back and fourth well get some discussion going about the current future options for multisig. 
201 would prefer arbitrate transactions myself but can also act the buyer seller simultanously get better feel for how both sides these systems work. 
201 welcome the club. 
202 not bothing with this anymore. 
202 upon reading android wont enough. 
203 good stuff you should very weary cruising the darknet what essentially homing device. 
204 you can put coins into and make order but theres esrcow only use vendors you really trust. 
205 think there could explanations about the stolen bitcoins. 
205 the staff stole everything. 
205 but that case why they pay off people and even they dont pay off everybody that would too many efforts for few profits. 
205 personally dont think they stole the users. 
205 has been hacked but the staff too proud admit public they told everyone that the market was very secure. 
205 maybe thats why they invented that story narco and the btc malleability. 
205 dont say that have the truth. 
206 think its hilarious cnn finds important enough make article itjust makes want troll even more knowing cnn watchingthis must what miley cyrus feels like. 
207 you can put coins into and make order but theres esrcow only use vendors you really trust. 
208 from cuntdowntoban february amwhat does everyone think about temporary shutdown for like week two month something like that. 
208 market without support bottomless pit for you throw you bitcoins down. 
208 any other ideas for improvements welcome. 
208 feb how did know lol spam removed. 
209 from defcon february. 
209 live very busy and complicated life. 
209 take opsec extreme levels which consume many hours per day. 
209 any time you see here means have completed checklist which requires over hour preparation for reposition and reconfigure many things ensure leave the most minimal trail possible and can safely connect this place. 
209 this job will never safe and impossible perfectly covert. 
209 know what facing both from and from vendors who not share opinions non violence. 
209 all released announcements were true plans and all delays were due unanticipated external factors upon which cannot elaborate. 
209 staff has been very frustrated lack ability keep the dev team time. 
209 again this completely fault and something for which take complete responsibility. 
209 not trust any developers meticulously review anything the dev team sends. 
209 many have criticized for this and listened them. 
209 had reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix speed slow withdrawals last month transaction malleability would not have affected all. 
209 this completely fault for listening critics instead own sense caution. 
209 the public has known that auto finalize has been disabled for long time and has known that the escrow balance massive. 
209 any smart person could deduce that enabling auto finalize requires move vast sum from cold storage the hot storage wallet ensure adequate fund availability which admittedly was too large and one biggest failures this month. 
209 the attack was surgical and timed perfectly. 
209 the reason such high quantity coins was stolen was because were preparing implement auto finalization and had therefore moved huge volume from the cold storage the hot storage ensure the coins from all auto finalized orders could withdrawn without hitch. 
209 here are many details the attack can provide. 
209 still investigating and not want leak anything which could compromise any other markets. 
209 transparency this issue key however you deserve granular explanation possible why this happened. 
209 attack investigation results feb. 
209 when withdrawal delays were happening last month wrote custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries reference and built shared infrastructure load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation ever one server was compromised. 
209 this implementation was being written behind the scenes dev staff lynch mob was getting exponentially worse the forums. 
209 our moderator staff became more and more insistent that was crucial fix this problem immediately relaying many concerns and threats from the community. 
209 cut corner deciding watch transactions. 
209 many community members were reporting missing withdrawals weeks after sending them. 
209 implemented liberal check the refresh deposit balances link the account page essence allowed search deeply for any missing coins rescanning and rescanning. 
209 one our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. 
209 our thoughts were that the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach find missing coins must commonplace. 
209 received her his permission publish this. 
209 the transaction malleability bug was published last week time when was disconnected from the internet for extended period for opsec reasons. 
209 did not become aware the threat until the attack was already occurring. 
209 this was failure part trust more staff with critical access stop withdrawals. 
209 the people who did have access disable withdrawals were terrified doing without permission due how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. 
209 they knew they disabled withdrawals then enabled them there would run the bank and would need online deposit cold storage into hot storage. 
209 effect this was failure emphasize staff that always okay lean the side caution and hit killswitches they deem necessary. 
209 was also failure communicate expectations the community that sometimes killswitches will have hit and just means were playing safe. 
209 this month clear did not play safe. 
209 killswitches are pointless the only person confident enough hit them the boss. 
209 the attacker used account first registered early jan try exploiting the vulnerability. 
209 looking back the accounts history indicates that this account has been used pentest many aspects our system unsuccessfully. 
209 every previous attempt find attack vector failed due hardening done our penetration testing team. 
209 had previously seen these attempts the logs something celebrate look our hardening working this hacker would have won but put security over features several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts but that pointless our business anyone can simply register. 
209 are still unclear the exact approach used cause our servers perception transactions mismatch with reality because have largely been focusing preparing for relaunch and building communication share with you the community over the past day. 
209 the best our understanding the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts bitcoins and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos similar transactions. 
209 our system reflected his withdrawals and his account showed zero. 
209 the attacker rapidly clicked refresh deposits link until our code assumed that the transaction failed all indications point malleability the root case. 
209 our system credited his account with the btc judged unsuccessfully withdrawn. 
209 this again due the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month see point. 
209 reality our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. 
209 result our system inaccurately represented the users balance larger than truly was. 
209 this allowed the attacker withdraw coins again. 
209 the attacker began depositing larger amounts such btc time order exploit the vulnerability quickly. 
209 they then drained our entire hot storage one bitcoin server shard and tried the attack from one their other accounts. 
209 the other account was different shard and allowed that hot storage drained. 
209 the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all our hot storage shards were drained. 
209 due the type vulnerability our accounting system had inaccurate perception bitcoins hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. 
209 this was failure our part build new server alert check each shard the new shared bitcoin infrastructure and another symptom how rushed were when implementing the new system during forum lynch mob about slow withdrawals. 
209 lessons learned far. 
209 more staff should have access killswitches and should not afraid use them. 
209 even its just because some news post about clearnet about some transaction malleability thing. 
209 killswitches should used liberally and regularly. 
209 community needs comfortable with regular downtime especially during periods when community safety and the safety its money could threatened. 
209 good staff will responsibly paranoid and hitting killswitches they deem necessary and should not afraid their community panicking each time precaution exercised. 
209 there more web security than rigorous penetration testing. 
209 also requires the constant review external services systems and. 
209 never make assumptions when implementing protocols you did not design. 
209 had not trusted mtgoxs staff procedures would have reviewed our approaches with much more rigor. 
209 just because large companys procedures are successful does not make them are safe. 
209 accept that your community will hate you regardless. 
209 the darknet you will crucified your community anything ever goes wrong. 
209 prepare for everyone hate you because you inevitably will fail something and you will need stay determined matter what. 
209 dont let get your head and dont let affect your rigor with security. 
209 cut corners with our deposit withdrawal speed optimizations because were afraid the lynch mob. 
209 were foolish this regard. 
209 should have taken the entire site offline for long took implement high volume fault tolerant bitcoin server well tested rigorous manner. 
209 this cost unspeakable amount trust that had slaved build some for years. 
209 this where were with much transparency this medium allows the worst that could happen did not happen. 
209 the worst thing that could happen for our communitys finances however did. 
209 hate that occurred under our watch. 
209 there nothing can change this. 
209 all can transparent about where are and move forward. 
209 those who will respond here for dramatic effect please consider contributing your energy the reconstruction our community. 
209 you cannot bring yourself this then please take your negativity elsewhere. 
209 you have lost faith silk road dont blame you the least. 
209 also not want read about perpetuity. 
209 trolling during disaster cowardice. 
209 choosing strengthen rather than troll when trolling the popular move thats noble. 
209 know that speak for all silk road staff seen and unseen when speak these words are going nowhere. 
209 will remain rebuild and move forward toward the greater goal for which strive our running this marketplace personal freedom and foundational human rights. 
209 silk road will always rise again. 
209 code select begin pgp signed message hash sha deeply thankful for the hundreds supportive messages ive received. 
209 consistently blown away how the core this community come together times strife. 
209 the multitude you who lost faith silk road still glad ive heard your words. 
209 still devastated that have failed you. 
209 and even have fallen victim this attack the majority personal earnings are completely gone. 
209 life not danger though and identity still protected thankful for this. 
209 now time share with you our plan move forward. 
209 realize you have way knowing whether telling the truth anything. 
209 trying communicate the authenticity true character the darknet difficult say the least and not expect any you take word. 
209 but actions over the next few weeks will speak louder than words ever could and you stick around you realize this. 
209 silk road not deadwe are here stay and for the most part believe our values are the same yours the community. 
209 and even though represent the latest idiot make security mistake unlike those who simply give and determined use lessons learned fight for this communitys long term security. 
209 focusing multi signature transactions our only safe trading mechanism long term. 
209 additionally ready and willing collaborate with other darknet administrators and utilize our talented penetration testing team help them regularly audit their security. 
209 and although the tinfoil club will probably hate this and continue tear shreds without regard for actions december and whether you choose believe them not here are the facts. 
209 live very busy and complicated life. 
209 take opsec extreme levels which consume many hours per day. 
209 any time you see here means have completed checklist which requires over hour preparation for reposition and reconfigure many things ensure leave the most minimal trail possible and can safely connect this place. 
209 this job will never safe and impossible perfectly covert. 
209 know what facing both from and from vendors who not share opinions non violence. 
209 all released announcements were true plans and all delays were due unanticipated external factors upon which cannot elaborate. 
209 staff has been very frustrated lack ability keep the dev team time. 
209 again this completely fault and something for which take complete responsibility. 
209 not trust any developers meticulously review anything the dev team sends. 
209 many have criticized for this and listened them. 
209 had reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix speed slow withdrawals last month transaction malleability would not have affected all. 
209 this completely fault for listening critics instead own sense caution. 
209 the public has known that auto finalize has been disabled for long time and has known that the escrow balance massive. 
209 any smart person could deduce that enabling auto finalize requires move vast sum from cold storage the hot storage wallet ensure adequate fund availability which admittedly was too large and one biggest failures this month. 
209 the attack was surgical and timed perfectly. 
209 the reason such high quantity coins was stolen was because were preparing implement auto finalization and had therefore moved huge volume from the cold storage the hot storage ensure the coins from all auto finalized orders could withdrawn without hitch. 
209 here are many details the attack can provide. 
209 still investigating and not want leak anything which could compromise any other markets. 
209 transparency this issue key however you deserve granular explanation possible why this happened. 
209 attack investigation results feb. 
209 when withdrawal delays were happening last month wrote custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries reference and built shared infrastructure load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation ever one server was compromised. 
209 this implementation was being written behind the scenes dev staff lynch mob was getting exponentially worse the forums. 
209 our moderator staff became more and more insistent that was crucial fix this problem immediately relaying many concerns and threats from the community. 
209 cut corner deciding watch transactions. 
209 many community members were reporting missing withdrawals weeks after sending them. 
209 implemented liberal check the refresh deposit balances link the account page essence allowed search deeply for any missing coins rescanning and rescanning. 
209 one our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. 
209 our thoughts were that the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach find missing coins must commonplace. 
209 received her his permission publish this. 
209 the transaction malleability bug was published last week time when was disconnected from the internet for extended period for opsec reasons. 
209 did not become aware the threat until the attack was already occurring. 
209 this was failure part trust more staff with critical access stop withdrawals. 
209 the people who did have access disable withdrawals were terrified doing without permission due how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. 
209 they knew they disabled withdrawals then enabled them there would run the bank and would need online deposit cold storage into hot storage. 
209 effect this was failure emphasize staff that always okay lean the side caution and hit killswitches they deem necessary. 
209 was also failure communicate expectations the community that sometimes killswitches will have hit and just means were playing safe. 
209 this month clear did not play safe. 
209 killswitches are pointless the only person confident enough hit them the boss. 
209 the attacker used account first registered early jan try exploiting the vulnerability. 
209 looking back the accounts history indicates that this account has been used pentest many aspects our system unsuccessfully. 
209 every previous attempt find attack vector failed due hardening done our penetration testing team. 
209 had previously seen these attempts the logs something celebrate look our hardening working this hacker would have won but put security over features several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts but that pointless our business anyone can simply register. 
209 are still unclear the exact approach used cause our servers perception transactions mismatch with reality because have largely been focusing preparing for relaunch and building communication share with you the community over the past day. 
209 the best our understanding the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts bitcoins and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos similar transactions. 
209 our system reflected his withdrawals and his account showed zero. 
209 the attacker rapidly clicked refresh deposits link until our code assumed that the transaction failed all indications point malleability the root case. 
209 our system credited his account with the btc judged unsuccessfully withdrawn. 
209 this again due the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month see point. 
209 reality our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. 
209 result our system inaccurately represented the users balance larger than truly was. 
209 this allowed the attacker withdraw coins again. 
209 the attacker began depositing larger amounts such btc time order exploit the vulnerability quickly. 
209 they then drained our entire hot storage one bitcoin server shard and tried the attack from one their other accounts. 
209 the other account was different shard and allowed that hot storage drained. 
209 the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all our hot storage shards were drained. 
209 due the type vulnerability our accounting system had inaccurate perception bitcoins hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. 
209 this was failure our part build new server alert check each shard the new shared bitcoin infrastructure and another symptom how rushed were when implementing the new system during forum lynch mob about slow withdrawals. 
210 cant believe anyone actually putting money into the site. 
210 the net closing and soon the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut shop and run for the hill with whatever money tied the site the time. 
211 deepdotweb have relegated the scam list. 
211 respected bitcoin engineers have called scam. 
211 least darkmarket community agrees its scamwhy does the hub continue infer legitimacy obvious conjob keeping the subforum especially since you claim you are trying shake the stink off yourselves. 
212 from mycarneedstint february amsr not and never will safe. 
212 not ever again and never really was. 
212 stay away from the forums try and stop. 
213 from poopoo february ami cant believe anyone actually putting money into the site. 
213 the net closing and soon the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut shop and run for the hill with whatever money tied the site the time. 
214 from llama socks february pmyou can put coins into and make order but theres esrcow only use vendors you really trust. 
215 llama socks your only defence against the avalanche evidence against defcon his own word. 
215 the word anonymous pseudonym you had idea existed months ago solid. 
216 from cooked february pmmtgox has never been functional loltrue dat. 
217 read this mate clearnet. 
217 com bitcoinmarkets comments ygxq mtgox megathread thursday february for one cant really get head around. 
218 from floydy february pmquote from evilgrin february pmwhat would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash the only thing have are goxs statements now and goxs track record the past. 
218 their track record appalling theyve fucked too many times for many people trust them. 
218 their statements far this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence technology and. 
218 will they open btc withdrawals again your guess good mine this ultimately depends whether business solvent. 
218 have they been scammed hacked are they turn scamming theres alot speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds cheap btc from gox customers transferring them other exchanges and selling rinse repeat make millions dollars. 
218 you have usd already gox theres some speculation that holding fiat gox better than holding btc they are indeed insolvent. 
218 japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions they fuck around too badly. 
218 youre thinking transferring usd into gox dont unless youve got account theyve already verified with photo utility bills etc because youll never able get anything back otherwise. 
218 you already have verified account then all means transfer some cash. 
218 you could make your money more you are able transfer the btc out another exchange some point the future. 
218 you could lose all turns out gox insolvent scammed hacked scamming. 
218 how much you trust gox keep eye. 
218 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
218 true dirty harry style you feel lucky punk agreed there track record shocking especaily when there trade engine stalled and their price got stuck loop one many examples. 
218 wont miss them they dissapear. 
219 from evilgrin february pmok know the basics. 
219 mtgox got hacked had some issue dont give crap about the conspiracy theorys and have now shut down withdrawls. 
219 what would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash stay away from gox. 
219 would you deposit money uninsured bank that has stopped allowing withdrawls and wire transfers but still accepts deposits stay away even for bitcoin bought there isnt worth. 
219 will consider miracle ever see coins mount cocks stole. 
219 lets not even mention how much they cost investors losses from coins tanking and not being allowed trade. 
219 mount cocks will down the biggest bitcoin scam date. 
219 will make the scam pulled look like nothing. 
220 after reading that cnn article remembered people reporting odd withdrawals before the site went down. 
220 what was odd the coins were being withdrawn before there were any confirmations blockchain. 
220 order for this happen the attacker would need the users private keys. 
220 remember has static deposit addresses. 
220 expert with bitcoins but wouldnt this suggest its inside job the very least the hacker has everyones private keys. 
221 from evilgrin february says cwb voted for obama. 
222 know the basics. 
222 mtgox got hacked had some issue dont give crap about the conspiracy theorys and have now shut down withdrawls. 
222 what would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash. 
223 never trusted gox from day. 
223 they are shifty just like the teenagers than ran bitinstant. 
223 understand that they have made some soft announcements that they plan giving people their money sometime and the link cwb gave their metric shit ton speculation. 
223 not trust gox all but putting usd make profit this point would simply gamble like any other. 
223 and personally think they will give the money back. 
223 just based how catastrophic would they didnt. 
223 and the fact they have claimed have all the coins. 
223 and not giving them back this point would make them look very very bad. 
223 have account pending verification. 
224 from pothead february pmstay away even for bitcoin bought there isnt worth. 
224 gox offers bitcoin and pants. 
225 howdy you are looking for free vendor account you can come blackbank. 
225 however with the advent recent questionable vendors that will changing shortly. 
225 you are interested joining feel free beforehand. 
225 there will also vendor application fee waiver for vendors with rating from reputable marketplaces upcoming update. 
226 thanks but when can place orders and put bitcoins the account because the bitcoins that had before attack escrow stays pending balance and yesterday sent for make test and pending confirmation too but not pending balances yet. 
226 when this problem fix then using bitcoinfog for example can put bitcoins account safely and place orders with the same way always and yes when this may possible thanks lot. 
227 have another question about the reopened and this about account too. 
227 deposit adresses above the adresses can read this text mix all coins which ever touch silk road. 
227 without mixing you are completely vulnerable blockchain analysis and the potential disclosure your identity. 
227 have basic internal mixing implemented but silk road ever compromised you will not safe. 
227 not rely one single point failure strongly recommend that you use bitcoin mixing service. 
227 you are unfamiliar with mixing services encourage you browse silk roads community forums for. 
227 what mean this dont know nothing about that really payment method what somebody can explain this and how works use put secure way bitcoins think that something like that another way but wanna know what and required place orders and pay with bitcoins safely how works like said. 
227 another thing please tell too. 
227 its important information know. 
228 from mycarneedstint february pmare you the payroll didnt just admit this the. 
229 from mycarneedstint february amwhere are the coins going did get his cut lol. 
229 considering his recent posts would have say yes got his cut. 
230 wow thanks that was great post would never thought that ever have amount coin that would worth stealing ill this lol. 
231 where are the coins going did get his cut. 
232 services like bitcoinfog mix your coins with other coins. 
232 you see btc has trail speak the blockchain. 
232 and you want fog this trail much possible just case. 
232 you dont want buy btc with your bank account and end linking you too. 
232 used have mixing service when your coins were deposited but longer does. 
233 stated all his bitcoins were stolen well. 
234 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
234 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat you seem like really nice person and hate the way people treat you over there. 
234 please dont defend this not being scam unless you have better proof than the testimony the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out you even more than they now. 
235 looks very cool and love the ethos but why when have tor configured for max security you require javascript enabled fully participate please. 
236 dont believe the part about hiring hitman. 
236 this was said and one else. 
236 why you believe everything cops say. 
237 from psychonaut february ami just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open dude youre little late the party that. 
238 from february amquote from psychonaut february ami just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open dude youre little late the party that. 
238 got the days ago. 
239 just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open. 
240 the only way people will know the truth all keep the hub honest. 
240 defcom did indeed mislead users. 
240 then outright lied about btc maleability. 
241 posted this another thread this subject but belongs here too. 
241 have proof that scam now. 
241 have the testimony bitcoin expert. 
241 only two scenarios exist says andreas antonopoulos engineer bitcoin wallet service blockchain silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly they simply swindled their customers themselves. 
241 usually just call scam and wait for the market prove otherwise but this time have the testimony expert witness that this scam. 
241 until can produce more qualified expert contradict. 
241 antonopoulos then think now for label this latest event scam least until get that contradictory expert testimony. 
242 member posts karma view profilei have opinion either way but couple weeks before the hack seemed like this place was falling apart and its future uncertain. 
242 whoever stole the coins would have waited they thought they could get more coins later date. 
242 from northwest nuggets february amits possible that hack some other type robbery did happen but happened while ago. 
242 have suspected for some time that didnt have all the bitcoins that were supposedly peoples wallets and were using these bugs borrow money from vendors when deposits were not enough fund the withdrawls. 
242 now that people are losing faith and leaving the site deposits are much less than withdrawls and vendors are requiring customers finalize early they cant borrow the money anymore. 
243 fair that article about fud bitcoins are prosecution futures you will caught etc and fact blockchains andreas antonopoulos states clearly that either willing let someone steal the coins stole the coins themself. 
243 cnn after all. 
244 think have found that hard evidence the form the testimony expert witness andreas antonopoulos. 
244 com technology security bitcoin black market silk roads new administrators said hackers exploited bitcoin glitch steal funds. 
244 but the days since the attack its become painfully clear that the bitcoin system isnt blame. 
244 only two scenarios exist says andreas antonopoulos engineer bitcoin wallet service blockchain silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly they simply swindled their customers themselves. 
245 only two scenarios exist says andreas antonopoulos engineer bitcoin wallet service blockchain silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly they simply swindled their customers themselves. 
245 here the link cnn article clearnet warning. 
245 com technology security bitcoin black market clearnet warning. 
246 have made over bitcoins total agora rocks. 
247 from hohnerspecial january ami think its safe say bmr gone the mods may well still alive and well dead and unhealthy have idea but think those dedicated should invest and its community know that what ill doingsr has been gone since tried log and saw the siezed notice. 
247 bmr may well gone but happened last week. 
247 you want market with admin who has been around for while try evolution. 
247 you want market with lots vendors and customers try agora. 
248 think its hilarious cnn finds important enough make article itjust makes want troll even more knowing cnn watchingthis must what miley cyrus feels like. 
249 think there could explanations about the stolen bitcoins. 
249 the staff stole everything. 
249 but that case why they pay off people and even they dont pay off everybody that would too many efforts for few profits. 
249 personally dont think they stole the users. 
249 has been hacked but the staff too proud admit public they told everyone that the market was very secure. 
249 maybe thats why they invented that story narco and the btc malleability. 
249 dont say that have the truth. 
250 pgp does not have pain use. 
250 the easiest and really mean pgp program use hands down for windows and linux users gpg usb which you can download this clearnet link. 
250 org gpg usb standalone compact cut and paste pgp utility which you can store your desktop usb drive. 
250 allows you easily generate your first bit rsa key pair and get started within hour. 
250 the get started documentation the gpg usb home page should all you need however you need extra help there great guide gpg usb this clearnet link. 
250 org gpg usb portablegpg usb works great all you need simple and secure way encrypt pms email. 
250 you want take notch and use pgp automatically with your thunderbird email client you need check out this clearnet guide follow the letter and you will good. 
250 org thunderbird portablewhen thunderbird set according this guide pgp email transformed and becomes easy convenient and good gets. 
250 try for yourself and betcha you will become convert. 
250 for users needing portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative gpg usb portable pgp which you can download this clearnet link. 
250 net projects ppgp. 
251 one the oldest darknet scam sites. 
252 from jolly roger january pmquote from flaxceed january pmi was finally able get. 
252 agree now that they have fixed lot the issues retract the massive fail comment. 
252 when could not log for days end and could not get any help was looking bleak. 
252 things are definitely changing for the better yeah have spoken defcon about the site and aware the problems. 
252 mainly though just they not want become like all the other hacked markets. 
252 sheep bmr tor market flomarket and more come. 
252 even pandora was slightly compromised but the attacker only stole. 
252 all these markets are constantly under attempted attack and when you are silk road. 
252 you not want lose anyones coins. 
252 there are likely lot bitcoins flowing through silk road. 
252 and any hack that could exploit their escrow wallets would likely huge. 
252 therefore making absolute certain that the system near impossible compromise priority and trumps all fancy features like resolutions centers and forth. 
252 unfortunately most people see through this and think that these security features should have been implemented upon being developed. 
252 you see though with the other hacked markets easy make mistakes and all takes one little exploit and somebody will find and steal the bitcoins. 
252 one day people will look back this and laugh. 
252 agora the other hand was written former bitcoin fog developer and since bitcoin fog extremely solid quite confident that agora will solid well. 
252 have viewed the website and the coding looks solid. 
252 would interested your views the hack that allegedly got them. 
253 from tacit february pmi have made over bitcoins total agora rocks god damn thats alot just creaping btc now. 
254 does anyone know these people are legit has anyone bought from them emailed them about product and they gave link their stocklist. 
254 that was couple days ago. 
254 now their website down. 
254 emailing them about buying product and asked them about the website and they said that the server the website was hosted was hacked and wiped. 
254 should trust them could their email compromised too. 
255 says cwb voted for obama. 
256 from xsposer february pmthis sounds just like what the sheep market admin did for all their vocal forum members before they stole everything. 
256 just ask jack hoff backed sheep market until the very last day. 
256 why because unlike everyone else they let him withdraw limited amount funds would publicly called any scam talk. 
256 does this post sound familiar almost believed that everybody else was making all about not getting withdrawls because trusted jack and would say just withdrew every time somebody would say their withdrawls were not working. 
257 mean just imagine the consequences for the community market allowed take your money and that isnt called scam even the face evidence that would stand court like the testimony expert witness. 
257 this means that market can just take our money any time they want and even have evidence will just keep right using. 
258 from tyrone february. 
258 incompetent fools unable protect user funds. 
258 ill prefix what about say with hate sounding like defending. 
258 trying get provoke more than half thought out you people. 
258 you call them incompetent fools unable protect user funds you are calling lot site owners this. 
258 ulbricht the people who ran bitmit and even backopy who ran what lot people call the best run marketplace history. 
258 dont see your market that impenetrable fortress. 
258 wheres know probably bunch thieving cunts and all the shit talk deserved but little bit wisdom that learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct the thought process leading the correct conclusion flawed not. 
258 its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came the correct conclusion. 
259 dont fight with people the internet thats gay but enjoy honest conversation even have opposing opinions. 
259 from what see the reason you said they were hacked was because they were too incompetent secure the funds. 
259 you dont want offer option where they are not assholes. 
259 and course sound argument shouldnt offer such option. 
259 there lot marketplaces that have been hacked despite the admins intentions technical knowledge security capabilities. 
259 the fact the matter its really freakin hard completely secure million dollars worth coins that are sitting one spot the internet. 
259 either evey market admin date incompetent impossible nearly impossible secure bitcoins the darknet. 
259 which option sounds more true. 
259 follow your analogy different doctors preform lobotomys and them kill the patient. 
259 the doctor incompetent opinion the matter. 
259 super gay begin with. 
259 this point they either pay people back dont. 
259 few months can decide they are scammers not. 
259 know how angry people get when their money lost but claiming they are lying nothing more than claim right now. 
259 wouldnt the first time market was hacked. 
259 all that being said dont like. 
259 dont think anyone should use. 
259 its place for children get high. 
259 you are child and what get high the road. 
259 there are better places. 
260 well they deserve chance respond the blockchain guy but they dont come with expert that contradicts him pretty soon then should labelled scam. 
260 this market were called sheep instead silk road then would have called scam days ago. 
260 now that have bitcoin expert saying that has some type scam they must contradict this with their own expert labelled scam. 
261 agree with you nuggets. 
261 wallet was emptied. 
261 had nothing escrow and two finalized orders. 
261 not feel wallet safe all. 
261 not feel any market wallet safe. 
261 wish could tell people that safe. 
261 but lets realistic. 
261 know all have choice and hopefully understand the risks and right now they seem like pretty fin great risks. 
262 from evilgrin february pmi have account pending verification. 
262 their track record actually following through and verifying account holders even though theyve had relevant documents pretty poor and suspect that right now their customer service people are probably focussed other things. 
262 would strongly recommend you nothing till your account verified you youll doubling your risk. 
262 from evilgrin february pmand personally think they will give the money back. 
262 just based how catastrophic would they didnt. 
262 and the fact they have claimed have all the coins. 
262 and not giving them back this point would make them look very very bad. 
262 theyve been making themselves look bad regular basis for long ive been into bitcoin you think any that bothers mark karpeles hes got track record for saying fuck you you dont like his customers why should this situation any different. 
263 from evilgrin february pmwhat would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash the only thing have are goxs statements now and goxs track record the past. 
263 their track record appalling theyve fucked too many times for many people trust them. 
263 their statements far this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence technology and. 
263 will they open btc withdrawals again your guess good mine this ultimately depends whether business solvent. 
263 have they been scammed hacked are they turn scamming theres alot speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds cheap btc from gox customers transferring them other exchanges and selling rinse repeat make millions dollars. 
263 you have usd already gox theres some speculation that holding fiat gox better than holding btc they are indeed insolvent. 
263 japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions they fuck around too badly. 
263 youre thinking transferring usd into gox dont unless youve got account theyve already verified with photo utility bills etc because youll never able get anything back otherwise. 
263 you already have verified account then all means transfer some cash. 
263 you could make your money more you are able transfer the btc out another exchange some point the future. 
263 you could lose all turns out gox insolvent scammed hacked scamming. 
263 how much you trust gox keep eye. 
263 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
263 true dirty harry style you feel lucky punk. 
264 there just started using agora. 
264 havent ordered but have deposited tiny amount btc just test. 
264 ive been looking agoras forum and there are several complaints about deposits not showing one person even complaining that looked the blockchain and saw his deposit his agora wallet sent another address internal tumbling but never showing his agora wallet. 
264 addition these people are complaining zero response from agora support. 
264 anyone had any similar experiences edit not trying diss agora actually looks like very well run marketplace just exercising due diligence before jump and make purchase. 
265 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
265 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat until proof provided that all the coins have been repaid and plausable explanation given why support was available for months and how the coins actually disappeared. 
265 will forever known scam honeypot site. 
265 should avoided like the plague danger danger will robinson. 
266 from trolltergeist february amsr will consistently rape there customer base. 
266 all know was not hacked. 
266 most know and some just not want believe. 
266 doesnt matter who took what this point. 
266 its how much trust someone willing put into what being said admins. 
266 and fuck that isnt totally personal interpretation but ive learned most the new members are not too good interpreting things. 
267 thats only accurate for one type standarized transaction. 
267 you can assign outputs all sorts different things that dont just require proof ownership private key whose public keys hash corresponds certain value. 
267 course good luck getting your wierdo transaction into the blockchain. 
268 howdy you are looking for free vendor account you can come blackbank. 
268 however with the advent recent questionable vendors that will changing shortly. 
268 you are interested joining feel free beforehand. 
268 there will also vendor application fee waiver for vendors with rating from reputable marketplaces upcoming update. 
269 thanks but when can place orders and put bitcoins the account because the bitcoins that had before attack escrow stays pending balance and yesterday sent for make test and pending confirmation too but not pending balances yet. 
269 when this problem fix then using bitcoinfog for example can put bitcoins account safely and place orders with the same way always and yes when this may possible thanks lot. 
270 have another question about the reopened and this about account too. 
270 deposit adresses above the adresses can read this text mix all coins which ever touch silk road. 
270 without mixing you are completely vulnerable blockchain analysis and the potential disclosure your identity. 
270 have basic internal mixing implemented but silk road ever compromised you will not safe. 
270 not rely one single point failure strongly recommend that you use bitcoin mixing service. 
270 you are unfamiliar with mixing services encourage you browse silk roads community forums for. 
270 what mean this dont know nothing about that really payment method what somebody can explain this and how works use put secure way bitcoins think that something like that another way but wanna know what and required place orders and pay with bitcoins safely how works like said. 
270 another thing please tell too. 
270 its important information know. 
271 from mycarneedstint february pmare you the payroll didnt just admit this the. 
272 from mycarneedstint february amwhere are the coins going did get his cut lol. 
272 considering his recent posts would have say yes got his cut. 
273 wow thanks that was great post would never thought that ever have amount coin that would worth stealing ill this lol. 
274 where are the coins going did get his cut. 
275 services like bitcoinfog mix your coins with other coins. 
275 you see btc has trail speak the blockchain. 
275 and you want fog this trail much possible just case. 
275 you dont want buy btc with your bank account and end linking you too. 
275 used have mixing service when your coins were deposited but longer does. 
276 stated all his bitcoins were stolen well. 
277 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
277 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat you seem like really nice person and hate the way people treat you over there. 
277 please dont defend this not being scam unless you have better proof than the testimony the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out you even more than they now. 
278 looks very cool and love the ethos but why when have tor configured for max security you require javascript enabled fully participate please. 
279 dont believe the part about hiring hitman. 
279 this was said and one else. 
279 why you believe everything cops say. 
280 from psychonaut february ami just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open dude youre little late the party that. 
281 from february amquote from psychonaut february ami just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open dude youre little late the party that. 
281 got the days ago. 
282 just got message with offer free vendor but site wont even open. 
283 the only way people will know the truth all keep the hub honest. 
283 defcom did indeed mislead users. 
283 then outright lied about btc maleability. 
284 posted this another thread this subject but belongs here too. 
284 have proof that scam now. 
284 have the testimony bitcoin expert. 
284 only two scenarios exist says andreas antonopoulos engineer bitcoin wallet service blockchain silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly they simply swindled their customers themselves. 
284 usually just call scam and wait for the market prove otherwise but this time have the testimony expert witness that this scam. 
284 until can produce more qualified expert contradict. 
284 antonopoulos then think now for label this latest event scam least until get that contradictory expert testimony. 
285 member posts karma view profilei have opinion either way but couple weeks before the hack seemed like this place was falling apart and its future uncertain. 
285 whoever stole the coins would have waited they thought they could get more coins later date. 
285 from northwest nuggets february amits possible that hack some other type robbery did happen but happened while ago. 
285 have suspected for some time that didnt have all the bitcoins that were supposedly peoples wallets and were using these bugs borrow money from vendors when deposits were not enough fund the withdrawls. 
285 now that people are losing faith and leaving the site deposits are much less than withdrawls and vendors are requiring customers finalize early they cant borrow the money anymore. 
286 fair that article about fud bitcoins are prosecution futures you will caught etc and fact blockchains andreas antonopoulos states clearly that either willing let someone steal the coins stole the coins themself. 
286 cnn after all. 
287 think have found that hard evidence the form the testimony expert witness andreas antonopoulos. 
287 com technology security bitcoin black market silk roads new administrators said hackers exploited bitcoin glitch steal funds. 
287 but the days since the attack its become painfully clear that the bitcoin system isnt blame. 
287 only two scenarios exist says andreas antonopoulos engineer bitcoin wallet service blockchain silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly they simply swindled their customers themselves. 
288 only two scenarios exist says andreas antonopoulos engineer bitcoin wallet service blockchain silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly they simply swindled their customers themselves. 
288 here the link cnn article clearnet warning. 
288 com technology security bitcoin black market clearnet warning. 
289 have made over bitcoins total agora rocks. 
290 from hohnerspecial january ami think its safe say bmr gone the mods may well still alive and well dead and unhealthy have idea but think those dedicated should invest and its community know that what ill doingsr has been gone since tried log and saw the siezed notice. 
290 bmr may well gone but happened last week. 
290 you want market with admin who has been around for while try evolution. 
290 you want market with lots vendors and customers try agora. 
291 think its hilarious cnn finds important enough make article itjust makes want troll even more knowing cnn watchingthis must what miley cyrus feels like. 
292 think there could explanations about the stolen bitcoins. 
292 the staff stole everything. 
292 but that case why they pay off people and even they dont pay off everybody that would too many efforts for few profits. 
292 personally dont think they stole the users. 
292 has been hacked but the staff too proud admit public they told everyone that the market was very secure. 
292 maybe thats why they invented that story narco and the btc malleability. 
292 dont say that have the truth. 
293 pgp does not have pain use. 
293 the easiest and really mean pgp program use hands down for windows and linux users gpg usb which you can download this clearnet link. 
293 org gpg usb standalone compact cut and paste pgp utility which you can store your desktop usb drive. 
293 allows you easily generate your first bit rsa key pair and get started within hour. 
293 the get started documentation the gpg usb home page should all you need however you need extra help there great guide gpg usb this clearnet link. 
293 org gpg usb portablegpg usb works great all you need simple and secure way encrypt pms email. 
293 you want take notch and use pgp automatically with your thunderbird email client you need check out this clearnet guide follow the letter and you will good. 
293 org thunderbird portablewhen thunderbird set according this guide pgp email transformed and becomes easy convenient and good gets. 
293 try for yourself and betcha you will become convert. 
293 for users needing portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative gpg usb portable pgp which you can download this clearnet link. 
293 net projects ppgp. 
294 one the oldest darknet scam sites. 
295 from jolly roger january pmquote from flaxceed january pmi was finally able get. 
295 agree now that they have fixed lot the issues retract the massive fail comment. 
295 when could not log for days end and could not get any help was looking bleak. 
295 things are definitely changing for the better yeah have spoken defcon about the site and aware the problems. 
295 mainly though just they not want become like all the other hacked markets. 
295 sheep bmr tor market flomarket and more come. 
295 even pandora was slightly compromised but the attacker only stole. 
295 all these markets are constantly under attempted attack and when you are silk road. 
295 you not want lose anyones coins. 
295 there are likely lot bitcoins flowing through silk road. 
295 and any hack that could exploit their escrow wallets would likely huge. 
295 therefore making absolute certain that the system near impossible compromise priority and trumps all fancy features like resolutions centers and forth. 
295 unfortunately most people see through this and think that these security features should have been implemented upon being developed. 
295 you see though with the other hacked markets easy make mistakes and all takes one little exploit and somebody will find and steal the bitcoins. 
295 one day people will look back this and laugh. 
295 agora the other hand was written former bitcoin fog developer and since bitcoin fog extremely solid quite confident that agora will solid well. 
295 have viewed the website and the coding looks solid. 
295 would interested your views the hack that allegedly got them. 
296 from tacit february pmi have made over bitcoins total agora rocks god damn thats alot just creaping btc now. 
297 does anyone know these people are legit has anyone bought from them emailed them about product and they gave link their stocklist. 
297 that was couple days ago. 
297 now their website down. 
297 emailing them about buying product and asked them about the website and they said that the server the website was hosted was hacked and wiped. 
297 should trust them could their email compromised too. 
298 says cwb voted for obama. 
299 from xsposer february pmthis sounds just like what the sheep market admin did for all their vocal forum members before they stole everything. 
299 just ask jack hoff backed sheep market until the very last day. 
299 why because unlike everyone else they let him withdraw limited amount funds would publicly called any scam talk. 
299 does this post sound familiar almost believed that everybody else was making all about not getting withdrawls because trusted jack and would say just withdrew every time somebody would say their withdrawls were not working. 
300 mean just imagine the consequences for the community market allowed take your money and that isnt called scam even the face evidence that would stand court like the testimony expert witness. 
300 this means that market can just take our money any time they want and even have evidence will just keep right using. 
301 from tyrone february. 
301 incompetent fools unable protect user funds. 
301 ill prefix what about say with hate sounding like defending. 
301 trying get provoke more than half thought out you people. 
301 you call them incompetent fools unable protect user funds you are calling lot site owners this. 
301 ulbricht the people who ran bitmit and even backopy who ran what lot people call the best run marketplace history. 
301 dont see your market that impenetrable fortress. 
301 wheres know probably bunch thieving cunts and all the shit talk deserved but little bit wisdom that learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct the thought process leading the correct conclusion flawed not. 
301 its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came the correct conclusion. 
302 dont fight with people the internet thats gay but enjoy honest conversation even have opposing opinions. 
302 from what see the reason you said they were hacked was because they were too incompetent secure the funds. 
302 you dont want offer option where they are not assholes. 
302 and course sound argument shouldnt offer such option. 
302 there lot marketplaces that have been hacked despite the admins intentions technical knowledge security capabilities. 
302 the fact the matter its really freakin hard completely secure million dollars worth coins that are sitting one spot the internet. 
302 either evey market admin date incompetent impossible nearly impossible secure bitcoins the darknet. 
302 which option sounds more true. 
302 follow your analogy different doctors preform lobotomys and them kill the patient. 
302 the doctor incompetent opinion the matter. 
302 super gay begin with. 
302 this point they either pay people back dont. 
302 few months can decide they are scammers not. 
302 know how angry people get when their money lost but claiming they are lying nothing more than claim right now. 
302 wouldnt the first time market was hacked. 
302 all that being said dont like. 
302 dont think anyone should use. 
302 its place for children get high. 
302 you are child and what get high the road. 
302 there are better places. 
303 well they deserve chance respond the blockchain guy but they dont come with expert that contradicts him pretty soon then should labelled scam. 
303 this market were called sheep instead silk road then would have called scam days ago. 
303 now that have bitcoin expert saying that has some type scam they must contradict this with their own expert labelled scam. 
304 agree with you nuggets. 
304 wallet was emptied. 
304 had nothing escrow and two finalized orders. 
304 not feel wallet safe all. 
304 not feel any market wallet safe. 
304 wish could tell people that safe. 
304 but lets realistic. 
304 know all have choice and hopefully understand the risks and right now they seem like pretty fin great risks. 
305 from evilgrin february pmi have account pending verification. 
305 their track record actually following through and verifying account holders even though theyve had relevant documents pretty poor and suspect that right now their customer service people are probably focussed other things. 
305 would strongly recommend you nothing till your account verified you youll doubling your risk. 
305 from evilgrin february pmand personally think they will give the money back. 
305 just based how catastrophic would they didnt. 
305 and the fact they have claimed have all the coins. 
305 and not giving them back this point would make them look very very bad. 
305 theyve been making themselves look bad regular basis for long ive been into bitcoin you think any that bothers mark karpeles hes got track record for saying fuck you you dont like his customers why should this situation any different. 
306 from evilgrin february pmwhat would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash the only thing have are goxs statements now and goxs track record the past. 
306 their track record appalling theyve fucked too many times for many people trust them. 
306 their statements far this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence technology and. 
306 will they open btc withdrawals again your guess good mine this ultimately depends whether business solvent. 
306 have they been scammed hacked are they turn scamming theres alot speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds cheap btc from gox customers transferring them other exchanges and selling rinse repeat make millions dollars. 
306 you have usd already gox theres some speculation that holding fiat gox better than holding btc they are indeed insolvent. 
306 japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions they fuck around too badly. 
306 youre thinking transferring usd into gox dont unless youve got account theyve already verified with photo utility bills etc because youll never able get anything back otherwise. 
306 you already have verified account then all means transfer some cash. 
306 you could make your money more you are able transfer the btc out another exchange some point the future. 
306 you could lose all turns out gox insolvent scammed hacked scamming. 
306 how much you trust gox keep eye. 
306 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
306 true dirty harry style you feel lucky punk. 
307 there just started using agora. 
307 havent ordered but have deposited tiny amount btc just test. 
307 ive been looking agoras forum and there are several complaints about deposits not showing one person even complaining that looked the blockchain and saw his deposit his agora wallet sent another address internal tumbling but never showing his agora wallet. 
307 addition these people are complaining zero response from agora support. 
307 anyone had any similar experiences edit not trying diss agora actually looks like very well run marketplace just exercising due diligence before jump and make purchase. 
308 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
308 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat until proof provided that all the coins have been repaid and plausable explanation given why support was available for months and how the coins actually disappeared. 
308 will forever known scam honeypot site. 
308 should avoided like the plague danger danger will robinson. 
309 from trolltergeist february amsr will consistently rape there customer base. 
309 all know was not hacked. 
309 most know and some just not want believe. 
309 doesnt matter who took what this point. 
309 its how much trust someone willing put into what being said admins. 
309 and fuck that isnt totally personal interpretation but ive learned most the new members are not too good interpreting things. 
310 thats only accurate for one type standarized transaction. 
310 you can assign outputs all sorts different things that dont just require proof ownership private key whose public keys hash corresponds certain value. 
310 course good luck getting your wierdo transaction into the blockchain. 
311 just noticed gpg usb working tails had knoppix usb and stuck the usb when tails was running and copied across now have pgp usb tails. 
311 its the latest version and the new tails. 
311 that came out the other week maybe they have works tails now while plugged usb. 
311 either way delighted used take while using the one tails. 
311 seahorsei think its called. 
312 the past registered drugsnbets. 
312 you know have register new could login with old data. 
313 the javascript will sticking point for you. 
314 from verto february pmquote from cooked february amhello allowed vendor evolutioni think you should unban from tcf regardsyou wont getting unbanned from tcf you had plenty enough warnings. 
314 you can join evolution seeing you werent actually banned tcf for scamming but given your previous record all other boards wont surprised you end getting banned there also. 
314 actually had warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers was not allowed. 
314 and the people did call scammers all ended being what scammers. 
314 its certainly first that someone gets banned not for trolling flaming spamming but for calling people scammers. 
314 and not banned from any other board. 
315 over agora and theres like complaints. 
315 deposits always show within minutes. 
315 some problems take forever deal with cuz theyve grown exponentially the past few weeks. 
315 ive only had use customer service once and was dealt with few hours. 
315 but thats some people dont trust agora single market can support everybody agora pandora blue sky tba. 
315 theres room for all. 
316 just clarify not tard who considering putting his life savings into mtgox. 
316 have some coin there currently and think might good gamble possibly buy some coins the range. 
316 guess will wait and see what happens. 
316 there any eta the next announcement how long will they draw this out. 
317 onion vendor enki. 
318 havent been there because lost the url post again. 
319 ysas drg rlwv. 
319 onioni have idea how long will. 
319 been days since ive checked sure its like lord the flies now maybe deliverance. 
320 from turtletime february pmquote from pothead february pmget the facts straight. 
320 noone from said anything like that. 
320 soon found were hacked shut the site. 
320 one lost coins because one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website. 
320 you want post your pms again and the emails from the hackers they told soon happened and your site was still with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd trying convince that everything was and the hackers were lying etc etcthe hackers sent goddamned username and withdrawl pin clear fucking textyoure clown. 
320 fuck guys whats with this cant debate like humans and keep little bit courtesy for each other mind turtletime bro your doing yourself doing some bad work when you make statements like this. 
320 people look vendors character these forums and decide they can trusted from what they have posted. 
320 just bit advise bro happy profits. 
321 all yresteday put. 
321 btc for try and today dont appear. 
321 for you information. 
322 sounds like the beginnings some dodgy shenanigans agora unless theres less suspicious reason for these funds being redirected. 
322 ive heard many selective scams the darknet and this starting sound like one them. 
322 its quite damning portrayal humankind that people when given chance will steal from their fellow man rather than live alongside him her. 
322 truly hope theres reasonable explanation for these missing deposits and that agora keeps its integrity but the face the evidence ive seen not hopeful. 
323 yay took some effort but after mammoth surge assfuckery darknet nation have entered the charts for new starter with most fuckups grats guys. 
324 com onions comments yev introducing darknet nation apparently after their clearnet was discovered darknet nation decided they werent marketplace after all. 
324 which good since theyre hosted amazon aws. 
324 because theres dumber place host darknet marketplace than aws not aware. 
325 agora has been working great for too. 
325 problems far good. 
325 any one know they will implementing coin tumbler anytime soon think they definitely should. 
326 does anyone know the email enki from bmr. 
327 see that farmer and trava have set their own shops. 
328 java say and thats bad developer and smack heyad. 
329 did not show wallet after days. 
329 blockchain says has been sent wallet then another adress with more than bitcoins. 
329 wtf also answer from support yet. 
329 hope not lost. 
330 ive seen those also. 
330 spread people spread theres other good markets out there tor the marketplace outlaw pandora and. 
330 there not getting smased like dirty whore crack motel like agora currently. 
331 mario you always speak the truth mario got question are you really going prison that joke your sig. 
332 thank god tired seeing everyone know down ready move which think all are now dont see them taking you alive either ahah. 
333 you arent wrong ive set fresh copy partition installed tor truecrypt and pgp. 
333 are there any more security measures can taking isnt too much hassle for someone could you try sending encryped email which can reply just get grips with how works that would much appreciated. 
333 there computer based email client could use safely such thunderbird thanks lot. 
334 the pirate market working properly and than expected for soon will first order. 
334 php register referral bardelas. 
335 sorry for the error not fanboy here. 
336 cant wrong with farmer reliable and top notch pro never dealt with but heard good things well. 
337 the clich this site almost makes feel nausea. 
338 like the concept and feel the site. 
338 just work out the opsec issues. 
339 please read title. 
340 from evilgrin february pmok know the basics. 
340 mtgox got hacked had some issue dont give crap about the conspiracy theorys and have now shut down withdrawls. 
340 what would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash avoid gox they are headed insolvency. 
340 you want gamble bitcoin forum came across recently people are selling their gox accounts. 
340 the bank you used stopped allowing withdraws and wire transfers would you still deposit money there didnt think. 
340 avoid all costs. 
340 hope wrong cause they have some coins. 
341 from enigmaticsmile february amquote from sexywax february amsexywax approved. 
341 that pic wrong many levels. 
341 agree sexywax your gonna give nightmares now lol just hope that pic isnt taken from your good side. 
342 think enigmaticsmile meant which level encryption and which app you will need the strongest key for best security bit. 
342 also most people encrypt their messages text editor then paste where needed mail forum etc. 
343 from gardener february pmquote from enigmaticsmile february pmtry keep your desktop laptop clean. 
343 you can download tor and gpg external usb. 
343 can gpg software kept external drive that isnt like tails learned that needs access services has kept the machine. 
343 this why encrypt gpg software well computer and never save any keys but always the lookout for apps can keep thumb drive. 
343 going read truecrypt. 
343 the usb version all the usb. 
343 take with you where ever you. 
344 just read deepdotweb that oracle doxd the hacker and was taken down within hour didnt read knocked off laptop straight away and boot tails find out. 
344 any else hear that someone got doxd. 
345 serious just seen now czech guy hes innocent hope nothing happens him. 
345 wonder what happen the sheep guy thomas was czech too probably long gone with the cash. 
346 from northwest nuggets february amyou dont understand. 
346 backopy didnt run the best marketplace history. 
346 everybody thought was better. 
346 then everybody thought atlantis was better. 
346 then everybody thought sheep was better. 
346 backopy was the best darknet admin because admitted his errors right away and let withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen. 
346 some other admins that same situation simply took the rest our money and never came back. 
346 well pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
346 the admin the longest lasting market was busted because bragged about running darknet market the clearweb account connected his personal email administrated the market from library tried hire assassins that were fact copsnow cant say this for sure but not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. 
346 believe does things professionally. 
346 the way presents himself and the way handles things leads believe this. 
346 opinion the market that was the longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors its own accord was the best run marketplace. 
346 every market that longer around. 
346 lost peoples money. 
346 bmr the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money. 
346 course people will say another market better but why they think that from what have witnessed because the market shiny some other trivial aspect that has nothing with the function security quality the market and everything with the persons immediate satisfaction. 
346 opinion bmr best run marketplace best overall keep the debate going. 
347 from morgan geist february amquote from evilgrin february amwell pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
347 bmr older and ran longer than srwell there you. 
348 from evilgrin february pmquote from tyrone february. 
348 incompetent fools unable protect user funds. 
348 ill prefix what about say with hate sounding like defending. 
348 trying get provoke more than half thought out you people. 
348 you call them incompetent fools unable protect user funds you are calling lot site owners this. 
348 ulbricht the people who ran bitmit and even backopy who ran what lot people call the best run marketplace history. 
348 dont see your market that impenetrable fortress. 
348 wheres know probably bunch thieving cunts and all the shit talk deserved but little bit wisdom that learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct the thought process leading the correct conclusion flawed not. 
348 its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came the correct conclusion. 
348 you dont understand. 
348 backopy didnt run the best marketplace history. 
348 everybody thought was better. 
348 then everybody thought atlantis was better. 
348 then everybody thought sheep was better. 
348 backopy was the best darknet admin because admitted his errors right away and let withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen. 
348 some other admins that same situation simply took the rest our money and never came back. 
349 not using until see wallets payed back full and take from there its stopped withdrawels and backing full coin not going near but running smooth the coin payed back might but not before and probably not for long time after. 
350 from evilgrin february amquote from northwest nuggets february amyou dont understand. 
350 backopy didnt run the best marketplace history. 
350 everybody thought was better. 
350 then everybody thought atlantis was better. 
350 then everybody thought sheep was better. 
350 backopy was the best darknet admin because admitted his errors right away and let withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen. 
350 some other admins that same situation simply took the rest our money and never came back. 
350 well pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
350 the admin the longest lasting market was busted because bragged about running darknet market the clearweb account connected his personal email administrated the market from library tried hire assassins that were fact copsnow cant say this for sure but not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. 
350 believe does things professionally. 
350 the way presents himself and the way handles things leads believe this. 
350 opinion the market that was the longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors its own accord was the best run marketplace. 
350 every market that longer around. 
350 lost peoples money. 
350 bmr the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money. 
350 course people will say another market better but why they think that from what have witnessed because the market shiny some other trivial aspect that has nothing with the function security quality the market and everything with the persons immediate satisfaction. 
350 opinion bmr best run marketplace best overall keep the debate goingbmr older and ran longer than. 
351 from evilgrin february amquote from morgan geist february amquote from evilgrin february amwell pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
351 bmr older and ran longer than srwell there you. 
352 well dont know. 
352 that why asked the question. 
352 what they call when you answer question with question. 
353 what are the things the post office and dea look for decide what packages inspect closely billions packages and letters are sent every year they obviously cant inspect each one. 
353 they not have dogs sitting the conveyor belt which has mail. 
353 just doesnt work that way dogs get bored quickly when they dont detect what they are trained sniff for. 
353 plus the length time not enough for careful sniff. 
353 they look for certain things one those false return name and address. 
353 they have high speed scanners which can scan the and from address each piece mail. 
353 they have computers that will check against known addresses and can match the name associated with that address. 
353 this helps them avoid sending out mail and having send back when its misaddressed. 
353 but they can also spot false return. 
353 they wont investigate solely because that but red flag. 
353 other things they look for are strong odors coming from the package like coffee perfume etc. 
353 that usually used mask the odor drugs. 
353 they also look for hand written labels. 
353 one those things are enough but suspicious odor will usually make them look further and has false return they will then usually bring the dog and present the package along with some other packages see the dog alerts. 
353 does that probable cause get warrant. 
353 when send package always use real name and address from the phone book. 
353 print out the label hand written typed labels which they look for. 
353 the goods have carefully packaged and they have odor must put into mylar and well sealed. 
353 also dont handle the package when have handled product. 
353 dont ask anyone sign for the package they can use that against you though its not solid proof. 
353 they just drop your mailbox wait while before bringing. 
353 take walk and check out whats going the area before bringing. 
353 its not supposed signed for and they ask you sign refuse the package. 
353 its not supposed signed for but they knock the door and present you with the package that very very suspicious. 
353 obviously they knock and talk say nothing except deny you ordered anything. 
353 anyone have other tips. 
354 very good point mirage. 
354 would give you but dont have enough posts yet. 
354 change return addresses regularly and never back old ones. 
354 other tips make your letter package not stand out are not overly tape the outside the package. 
354 this another thing they look for. 
354 you can tape the inside and will not show. 
354 make sure the contents dont rattle shift around. 
354 sending powders put them inside multiple packaging resist penetration. 
354 postal employees have been known puncture package better sniff the contents. 
354 instead using dryer sheets other scented things mask the odor invest mylar packaging stop odor. 
354 another good thing use aluminum foil bags sealed with aluminum tape. 
355 there are many other things havent mentioned. 
355 for example use gloves when handling goods when packing and when mailing. 
355 alternative for using gloves when dropping your mail off put plastic bag wearing gloves and then they can slid from the bag directly into the blue box gloves needed that point. 
355 try not use the same box every time mix little. 
355 that particularly true you send out lot mail every day. 
355 tips for receiving mail. 
355 not order anything you have sign for. 
355 that makes too easy set controlled delivery. 
355 when you get your package let sit the mailbox for while before you take. 
355 dont such rush fact its good take little walk eyeball the neighborhood spot suspicious vehicles people loitering for obvious reason etc. 
355 after you get your mail let sit the door while unopened. 
355 they bang your door asking you got anything you didnt expect get say yes and hand over. 
355 its unopened makes you look innocent and adds support your statement that you didnt order. 
356 layout just horrible but seems legit far. 
356 mostly because there escrow and you deal directly with the vendors depositing money onto their btc address. 
357 from northwest nuggets february amquote from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
357 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat you seem like really nice person and hate the way people treat you over there. 
357 please dont defend this not being scam unless you have better proof than the testimony the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out you even more than they now. 
357 agreed couldi think large question mark until all funds have been returned. 
358 whats the point. 
359 from sorrymario february amysas drg rlwv. 
359 onioni have idea how long will. 
359 been days since ive checked sure its like lord the flies now maybe deliverance lol lord the flies. 
360 for users needing portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative gpg usb portable pgp which you can download this clearnet link. 
360 net projects ppgp. 
361 from sorrymario february pmas the church lady would say how pquote from brassballs february pmwhyusheep defconbingo give that man cigarmy dick work. 
362 from verto february pmi wont surprised you end getting banned there also. 
363 spam everyday and tried ass off its just not worth. 
364 layout just horrible but seems legit far. 
364 mostly because there escrow and you deal directly with the vendors depositing money onto their btc address. 
365 the javascript will sticking point for you. 
366 sounds like the beginnings some dodgy shenanigans agora unless theres less suspicious reason for these funds being redirected. 
366 ive heard many selective scams the darknet and this starting sound like one them. 
366 its quite damning portrayal humankind that people when given chance will steal from their fellow man rather than live alongside him her. 
366 truly hope theres reasonable explanation for these missing deposits and that agora keeps its integrity but the face the evidence ive seen not hopeful. 
367 all yresteday put. 
367 btc for try and today dont appear. 
367 for you information. 
368 cant wrong with farmer reliable and top notch pro never dealt with but heard good things well. 
369 from evilgrin february pmok know the basics. 
369 mtgox got hacked had some issue dont give crap about the conspiracy theorys and have now shut down withdrawls. 
369 what would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash avoid gox they are headed insolvency. 
369 you want gamble bitcoin forum came across recently people are selling their gox accounts. 
369 the bank you used stopped allowing withdraws and wire transfers would you still deposit money there didnt think. 
369 avoid all costs. 
369 hope wrong cause they have some coins. 
370 whats the point. 
371 from sorrymario february amysas drg rlwv. 
371 onioni have idea how long will. 
371 been days since ive checked sure its like lord the flies now maybe deliverance lol lord the flies. 
372 onion vendor enki. 
373 time will tell and history repeats itself perhaps things will become clearer. 
373 personally still yet have issue with and have experienced smooth sailing all deposits transactions and withdrawals since the relaunch. 
373 dont leave funds your account. 
373 use the marketplace for what which when form very well built market with reliable set vendors. 
374 from verto february pmquote from cooked february amhello allowed vendor evolutioni think you should unban from tcf regardsyou wont getting unbanned from tcf you had plenty enough warnings. 
374 you can join evolution seeing you werent actually banned tcf for scamming but given your previous record all other boards wont surprised you end getting banned there also. 
374 actually had warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers was not allowed. 
374 and the people did call scammers all ended being what scammers. 
374 its certainly first that someone gets banned not for trolling flaming spamming but for calling people scammers. 
374 and not banned from any other board. 
375 think this great idea. 
375 customer protection without the risk central escrow the vendor the responsibility handling finances for the market. 
376 sorry such neewbie regards pgp never really used. 
376 key the highest could get from seahorse app ubuntu bits. 
376 and also have gnupg and thunderbird pgp add. 
376 emailing works fine tested already now ill just practice using pgp with text editor and sending pms here. 
376 email and pgp key are totally new created tor system nothing connect with real identity. 
376 also created bitcoin wallet paid cash using cashpoint thingy and now have the bitcoins wallet how cool that anonymous wallet email identity needed. 
376 and cameras the bitcoin mat place. 
376 after learning how pgp ill contact vendors. 
376 love this place friendly and helpful folks. 
377 from enigmaticsmile february pmtry keep your desktop laptop clean. 
377 you can download tor and gpg external usb. 
377 can gpg software kept external drive that isnt like tails learned that needs access services has kept the machine. 
377 this why encrypt gpg software well computer and never save any keys but always the lookout for apps can keep thumb drive. 
377 going read truecrypt. 
378 the pirate market working properly and than expected for soon will first order. 
378 php register referral bardelas. 
379 havent been there because lost the url post again. 
380 see that farmer and trava have set their own shops. 
381 from turtletime february pmquote from pothead february pmget the facts straight. 
381 noone from said anything like that. 
381 soon found were hacked shut the site. 
381 one lost coins because one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website. 
381 you want post your pms again and the emails from the hackers they told soon happened and your site was still with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd trying convince that everything was and the hackers were lying etc etcthe hackers sent goddamned username and withdrawl pin clear fucking textyoure clown. 
381 fuck guys whats with this cant debate like humans and keep little bit courtesy for each other mind turtletime bro your doing yourself doing some bad work when you make statements like this. 
381 people look vendors character these forums and decide they can trusted from what they have posted. 
381 just bit advise bro happy profits. 
382 for users needing portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative gpg usb portable pgp which you can download this clearnet link. 
382 net projects ppgp. 
383 and tor also have portable versions. 
383 you can load thumb drive with portable pgp thunderbird enigmail torbirdy tor tbb and have everything you need all one location. 
383 use truecrypt portable encrypt most the drive and keep section unencrypted you can run truecrypt off. 
383 know this all possible for windows. 
383 which who this will probably most useful for. 
383 guess some point though you should just use tails since has all the above built and more. 
383 people need get away from and apple and get debian though. 
384 thank god tired seeing everyone know down ready move which think all are now dont see them taking you alive either ahah. 
385 mario you always speak the truth mario got question are you really going prison that joke your sig. 
386 ive seen those also. 
386 spread people spread theres other good markets out there tor the marketplace outlaw pandora and. 
386 there not getting smased like dirty whore crack motel like agora currently. 
387 did not show wallet after days. 
387 blockchain says has been sent wallet then another adress with more than bitcoins. 
387 wtf also answer from support yet. 
387 hope not lost. 
388 from verto february pmquote from cooked february amhello allowed vendor evolutioni think you should unban from tcf regardsyou wont getting unbanned from tcf you had plenty enough warnings. 
388 you can join evolution seeing you werent actually banned tcf for scamming but given your previous record all other boards wont surprised you end getting banned there also. 
388 actually had warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers was not allowed. 
388 and the people did call scammers all ended being what scammers. 
388 its certainly first that someone gets banned not for trolling flaming spamming but for calling people scammers. 
388 and not banned from any other board. 
389 agora has been working great for too. 
389 problems far good. 
389 any one know they will implementing coin tumbler anytime soon think they definitely should. 
390 time will tell and history repeats itself perhaps things will become clearer. 
390 personally still yet have issue with and have experienced smooth sailing all deposits transactions and withdrawals since the relaunch. 
390 dont leave funds your account. 
390 use the marketplace for what which when form very well built market with reliable set vendors. 
391 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
391 youre liar and everyone knows. 
391 hugs and scammer. 
392 onion vendor enki. 
393 and tor also have portable versions. 
393 you can load thumb drive with portable pgp thunderbird enigmail torbirdy tor tbb and have everything you need all one location. 
393 use truecrypt portable encrypt most the drive and keep section unencrypted you can run truecrypt off. 
393 know this all possible for windows. 
393 which who this will probably most useful for. 
393 guess some point though you should just use tails since has all the above built and more. 
393 people need get away from and apple and get debian though. 
394 from evilgrin february pmok know the basics. 
394 mtgox got hacked had some issue dont give crap about the conspiracy theorys and have now shut down withdrawls. 
394 what would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash avoid gox they are headed insolvency. 
394 you want gamble bitcoin forum came across recently people are selling their gox accounts. 
394 the bank you used stopped allowing withdraws and wire transfers would you still deposit money there didnt think. 
394 avoid all costs. 
394 hope wrong cause they have some coins. 
395 please read title. 
396 from pothead february pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt considered scam marketplace they get pass because they help fund this forum what the difference between that and cannabis road putting vendors risk knowingly being completely insecure. 
396 when hacker tells you have your database and you say nuh dont tell anyone that makes you piece shit and just bad any scammer. 
397 from pothead february pmget the facts straight. 
397 noone from said anything like that. 
397 soon found were hacked shut the site. 
397 one lost coins because one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website. 
397 you want post your pms again and the emails from the hackers they told soon happened and your site was still with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd trying convince that everything was and the hackers were lying etc etcthe hackers sent goddamned username and withdrawl pin clear fucking textyoure clown. 
398 get the facts straight. 
398 noone from said anything like that. 
398 soon found were hacked shut the site. 
398 anyone lose coins like hear how. 
399 just clarify not tard who considering putting his life savings into mtgox. 
399 have some coin there currently and think might good gamble possibly buy some coins the range. 
399 guess will wait and see what happens. 
399 there any eta the next announcement how long will they draw this out. 
400 from sorrymario february amysas drg rlwv. 
400 onioni have idea how long will. 
400 been days since ive checked sure its like lord the flies now maybe deliverance lol lord the flies. 
401 theyll never take alive lol. 
401 naw just plan have attorney retainer that can bend his ear about the legalities certain things that shall remain secret. 
402 java say and thats bad developer and smack heyad. 
403 see that farmer and trava have set their own shops. 
404 the pirate market working properly and than expected for soon will first order. 
404 php register referral bardelas. 
405 just noticed gpg usb working tails had knoppix usb and stuck the usb when tails was running and copied across now have pgp usb tails. 
405 its the latest version and the new tails. 
405 that came out the other week maybe they have works tails now while plugged usb. 
405 either way delighted used take while using the one tails. 
405 seahorsei think its called. 
406 cant wrong with farmer reliable and top notch pro never dealt with but heard good things well. 
407 from mirage february amto cross post from post made couple months back the shipping forum attn vendors please read recycling return addys. 
407 php topic nearly years ago the old forums former vendor using different nym ranted times about the potential snail mail itself being tracked and the impact that could potentially have business model such ours and rants seemed times fall deaf ears. 
407 what first led consider this possibility were confirmations that alphabet soup had for over years been hiding from the public that they were tracking all license plates and the movements locations all cars washington. 
407 and other cities all times using network cameras positioned throughout the city. 
407 for example study government tracking movement every vehicle with license plate. 
407 com government tracking movement every vehicle with license plate and more importantly that the technology they were using was based tech the usps had developed and been using for many many years prior track mail. 
407 whether for surveillance purposes simply for proper delivery purposes irrelevant. 
407 they were using technology based what the usps had been using for years track unknowing citizens. 
407 and recent articles have since proven this theory correct that the nsa surveillance program includes tracking not only cell phone internet location and electronic communications metadata but usps snailmail well. 
407 postal service logging all mail for law enforcement. 
407 com monitoring snail mail. 
407 html pagewanted all report postal service uses spying programs similar nsa. 
407 com news report postal service uses spying programs similar nsa snail mail spy. 
407 postal service active partner with feds for surveillance. 
407 com news jul snail mail spy postal service active partner picture each side each and every envelope package sent thru usps taken the process its delivery the intended recipient. 
407 now have always said that all vendors should just assume that least one more their products was purchased the dea posing buyer. 
407 for obvious reasons hopefully collect fingerprint handwriting samples ect and the very least know which city county state said vendor shipping and most likely operating from. 
407 and now the dea has record least one return address said vendor used the process. 
407 common understanding that return addys should either besides being printed and not least always handwritten that use fake name fake home business type name with real address preferably from local apartment complex with the apartment unit omitted not get someone else who might friend ally trouble. 
407 use the name addy small local retail store which one could safely assume not likely involved illegal activities and using their name addy shouldnt unwittingly compromise anyones freedom. 
407 although the feds are well aware the majority vendors use fake return addy this has not always been the case the recent busts those vendors doctors the boston area believe prove. 
407 they used box registered using their real world credentials return address really regardless mistake truly hope never see repeated again. 
407 what getting opinion feel until long term trust has been built with specific customer vendor should always use brand new return address for each and every letter package they send out. 
407 yes this extra tedious time consuming process. 
407 but its nothing phone book the internet and osx program like snailmail wont make much easier accomplish. 
407 because remember assume least one your packages was indeed ordered the feds. 
407 and contained return address. 
407 return address that now flagged the usps system and the future could used track your packages used again identify your customers and even compromise your own safety allowing them narrow down the hopefully various multiple drops you use. 
407 and many articles referenced that the feds did indeed pose buyers collect such data before the fall. 
407 this now fact and beyond theory this point. 
407 and feel personally your responsibility vendor take this extra precaution until certain level trust has been built with individual customers which point you are free consider recycling return addresses were little bird told. 
408 the clich this site almost makes feel nausea. 
409 like the concept and feel the site. 
409 just work out the opsec issues. 
410 whats the point. 
411 does anyone know the email enki from bmr. 
412 from northwest nuggets february amquote from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
412 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat you seem like really nice person and hate the way people treat you over there. 
412 please dont defend this not being scam unless you have better proof than the testimony the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out you even more than they now. 
412 agreed couldi think large question mark until all funds have been returned. 
413 well dont know. 
413 that why asked the question. 
413 what they call when you answer question with question. 
414 layout just horrible but seems legit far. 
414 mostly because there escrow and you deal directly with the vendors depositing money onto their btc address. 
415 the past registered drugsnbets. 
415 you know have register new could login with old data. 
416 spam everyday and tried ass off its just not worth. 
417 ysas drg rlwv. 
417 onioni have idea how long will. 
417 been days since ive checked sure its like lord the flies now maybe deliverance. 
418 from verto february pmi wont surprised you end getting banned there also. 
419 over agora and theres like complaints. 
419 deposits always show within minutes. 
419 some problems take forever deal with cuz theyve grown exponentially the past few weeks. 
419 ive only had use customer service once and was dealt with few hours. 
419 but thats some people dont trust agora single market can support everybody agora pandora blue sky tba. 
419 theres room for all. 
420 havent been there because lost the url post again. 
421 have you seen the layout blackbank market very professional look and the marketplace offers multi sig escrow. 
421 havent had chance test the escrow system yet but looking forward. 
422 onion vendor enki. 
423 does anyone know the email enki from bmr. 
424 from verto february pmquote from cooked february amhello allowed vendor evolutioni think you should unban from tcf regardsyou wont getting unbanned from tcf you had plenty enough warnings. 
424 you can join evolution seeing you werent actually banned tcf for scamming but given your previous record all other boards wont surprised you end getting banned there also. 
424 actually had warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers was not allowed. 
424 and the people did call scammers all ended being what scammers. 
424 its certainly first that someone gets banned not for trolling flaming spamming but for calling people scammers. 
424 and not banned from any other board. 
425 think enigmaticsmile meant which level encryption and which app you will need the strongest key for best security bit. 
425 also most people encrypt their messages text editor then paste where needed mail forum etc. 
426 havent been there because lost the url post again. 
427 the pirate market working properly and than expected for soon will first order. 
427 php register referral bardelas. 
428 sorry such neewbie regards pgp never really used. 
428 key the highest could get from seahorse app ubuntu bits. 
428 and also have gnupg and thunderbird pgp add. 
428 emailing works fine tested already now ill just practice using pgp with text editor and sending pms here. 
428 email and pgp key are totally new created tor system nothing connect with real identity. 
428 also created bitcoin wallet paid cash using cashpoint thingy and now have the bitcoins wallet how cool that anonymous wallet email identity needed. 
428 and cameras the bitcoin mat place. 
428 after learning how pgp ill contact vendors. 
428 love this place friendly and helpful folks. 
429 from enigmaticsmile february pmtry keep your desktop laptop clean. 
429 you can download tor and gpg external usb. 
429 can gpg software kept external drive that isnt like tails learned that needs access services has kept the machine. 
429 this why encrypt gpg software well computer and never save any keys but always the lookout for apps can keep thumb drive. 
429 going read truecrypt. 
430 time will tell and history repeats itself perhaps things will become clearer. 
430 personally still yet have issue with and have experienced smooth sailing all deposits transactions and withdrawals since the relaunch. 
430 dont leave funds your account. 
430 use the marketplace for what which when form very well built market with reliable set vendors. 
431 see that farmer and trava have set their own shops. 
432 from barter february ami just read deepdotweb that oracle doxd the hacker and was taken down within hour didnt read knocked off laptop straight away and boot tails find out. 
432 any else hear that someone got doxd nope. 
432 oracle some random person that had nothing with. 
433 from turtletime february pmquote from pothead february pmget the facts straight. 
433 noone from said anything like that. 
433 soon found were hacked shut the site. 
433 one lost coins because one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website. 
433 you want post your pms again and the emails from the hackers they told soon happened and your site was still with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd trying convince that everything was and the hackers were lying etc etcthe hackers sent goddamned username and withdrawl pin clear fucking textyoure clown. 
433 fuck guys whats with this cant debate like humans and keep little bit courtesy for each other mind turtletime bro your doing yourself doing some bad work when you make statements like this. 
433 people look vendors character these forums and decide they can trusted from what they have posted. 
433 just bit advise bro happy profits. 
434 you arent wrong ive set fresh copy partition installed tor truecrypt and pgp. 
434 are there any more security measures can taking isnt too much hassle for someone could you try sending encryped email which can reply just get grips with how works that would much appreciated. 
434 there computer based email client could use safely such thunderbird thanks lot. 
435 having the same problem with safe mail. 
435 net and thunderbird. 
435 using thunderbird and gpg win and cant seem get work. 
435 need find safe email address that anomymous. 
435 any help appericated. 
436 have you seen the layout blackbank market very professional look and the marketplace offers multi sig escrow. 
436 havent had chance test the escrow system yet but looking forward. 
437 spam everyday and tried ass off its just not worth. 
438 get the facts straight. 
438 noone from said anything like that. 
438 soon found were hacked shut the site. 
438 anyone lose coins like hear how. 
439 from pothead february pmget the facts straight. 
439 noone from said anything like that. 
439 soon found were hacked shut the site. 
439 one lost coins because one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website. 
439 you want post your pms again and the emails from the hackers they told soon happened and your site was still with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd trying convince that everything was and the hackers were lying etc etcthe hackers sent goddamned username and withdrawl pin clear fucking textyoure clown. 
440 from pothead february pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt considered scam marketplace they get pass because they help fund this forum what the difference between that and cannabis road putting vendors risk knowingly being completely insecure. 
440 when hacker tells you have your database and you say nuh dont tell anyone that makes you piece shit and just bad any scammer. 
441 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
441 youre liar and everyone knows. 
441 hugs and scammer. 
442 cant wrong with farmer reliable and top notch pro never dealt with but heard good things well. 
443 have you seen the layout blackbank market very professional look and the marketplace offers multi sig escrow. 
443 havent had chance test the escrow system yet but looking forward. 
444 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
444 youre liar and everyone knows. 
444 hugs and scammer. 
445 from mirage february amto cross post from post made couple months back the shipping forum attn vendors please read recycling return addys. 
445 php topic nearly years ago the old forums former vendor using different nym ranted times about the potential snail mail itself being tracked and the impact that could potentially have business model such ours and rants seemed times fall deaf ears. 
445 what first led consider this possibility were confirmations that alphabet soup had for over years been hiding from the public that they were tracking all license plates and the movements locations all cars washington. 
445 and other cities all times using network cameras positioned throughout the city. 
445 for example study government tracking movement every vehicle with license plate. 
445 com government tracking movement every vehicle with license plate and more importantly that the technology they were using was based tech the usps had developed and been using for many many years prior track mail. 
445 whether for surveillance purposes simply for proper delivery purposes irrelevant. 
445 they were using technology based what the usps had been using for years track unknowing citizens. 
445 and recent articles have since proven this theory correct that the nsa surveillance program includes tracking not only cell phone internet location and electronic communications metadata but usps snailmail well. 
445 postal service logging all mail for law enforcement. 
445 com monitoring snail mail. 
445 html pagewanted all report postal service uses spying programs similar nsa. 
445 com news report postal service uses spying programs similar nsa snail mail spy. 
445 postal service active partner with feds for surveillance. 
445 com news jul snail mail spy postal service active partner picture each side each and every envelope package sent thru usps taken the process its delivery the intended recipient. 
445 now have always said that all vendors should just assume that least one more their products was purchased the dea posing buyer. 
445 for obvious reasons hopefully collect fingerprint handwriting samples ect and the very least know which city county state said vendor shipping and most likely operating from. 
445 and now the dea has record least one return address said vendor used the process. 
445 common understanding that return addys should either besides being printed and not least always handwritten that use fake name fake home business type name with real address preferably from local apartment complex with the apartment unit omitted not get someone else who might friend ally trouble. 
445 use the name addy small local retail store which one could safely assume not likely involved illegal activities and using their name addy shouldnt unwittingly compromise anyones freedom. 
445 although the feds are well aware the majority vendors use fake return addy this has not always been the case the recent busts those vendors doctors the boston area believe prove. 
445 they used box registered using their real world credentials return address really regardless mistake truly hope never see repeated again. 
445 what getting opinion feel until long term trust has been built with specific customer vendor should always use brand new return address for each and every letter package they send out. 
445 yes this extra tedious time consuming process. 
445 but its nothing phone book the internet and osx program like snailmail wont make much easier accomplish. 
445 because remember assume least one your packages was indeed ordered the feds. 
445 and contained return address. 
445 return address that now flagged the usps system and the future could used track your packages used again identify your customers and even compromise your own safety allowing them narrow down the hopefully various multiple drops you use. 
445 and many articles referenced that the feds did indeed pose buyers collect such data before the fall. 
445 this now fact and beyond theory this point. 
445 and feel personally your responsibility vendor take this extra precaution until certain level trust has been built with individual customers which point you are free consider recycling return addresses were little bird told. 
446 having the same problem with safe mail. 
446 net and thunderbird. 
446 using thunderbird and gpg win and cant seem get work. 
446 need find safe email address that anomymous. 
446 any help appericated. 
447 from pothead february pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt considered scam marketplace they get pass because they help fund this forum what the difference between that and cannabis road putting vendors risk knowingly being completely insecure. 
447 when hacker tells you have your database and you say nuh dont tell anyone that makes you piece shit and just bad any scammer. 
448 and tor also have portable versions. 
448 you can load thumb drive with portable pgp thunderbird enigmail torbirdy tor tbb and have everything you need all one location. 
448 use truecrypt portable encrypt most the drive and keep section unencrypted you can run truecrypt off. 
448 know this all possible for windows. 
448 which who this will probably most useful for. 
448 guess some point though you should just use tails since has all the above built and more. 
448 people need get away from and apple and get debian though. 
449 time will tell and history repeats itself perhaps things will become clearer. 
449 personally still yet have issue with and have experienced smooth sailing all deposits transactions and withdrawals since the relaunch. 
449 dont leave funds your account. 
449 use the marketplace for what which when form very well built market with reliable set vendors. 
450 theyll never take alive lol. 
450 naw just plan have attorney retainer that can bend his ear about the legalities certain things that shall remain secret. 
451 from pothead february pmget the facts straight. 
451 noone from said anything like that. 
451 soon found were hacked shut the site. 
451 one lost coins because one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website. 
451 you want post your pms again and the emails from the hackers they told soon happened and your site was still with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd trying convince that everything was and the hackers were lying etc etcthe hackers sent goddamned username and withdrawl pin clear fucking textyoure clown. 
452 get the facts straight. 
452 noone from said anything like that. 
452 soon found were hacked shut the site. 
452 anyone lose coins like hear how. 
453 think this great idea. 
453 customer protection without the risk central escrow the vendor the responsibility handling finances for the market. 
454 thanks buddy kind you. 
455 sorry such neewbie regards pgp never really used. 
455 key the highest could get from seahorse app ubuntu bits. 
455 and also have gnupg and thunderbird pgp add. 
455 emailing works fine tested already now ill just practice using pgp with text editor and sending pms here. 
455 email and pgp key are totally new created tor system nothing connect with real identity. 
455 also created bitcoin wallet paid cash using cashpoint thingy and now have the bitcoins wallet how cool that anonymous wallet email identity needed. 
455 and cameras the bitcoin mat place. 
455 after learning how pgp ill contact vendors. 
455 love this place friendly and helpful folks. 
456 from enigmaticsmile february pmtry keep your desktop laptop clean. 
456 you can download tor and gpg external usb. 
456 can gpg software kept external drive that isnt like tails learned that needs access services has kept the machine. 
456 this why encrypt gpg software well computer and never save any keys but always the lookout for apps can keep thumb drive. 
456 going read truecrypt. 
457 from barter february ami just read deepdotweb that oracle doxd the hacker and was taken down within hour didnt read knocked off laptop straight away and boot tails find out. 
457 any else hear that someone got doxd nope. 
457 oracle some random person that had nothing with. 
458 just noticed gpg usb working tails had knoppix usb and stuck the usb when tails was running and copied across now have pgp usb tails. 
458 its the latest version and the new tails. 
458 that came out the other week maybe they have works tails now while plugged usb. 
458 either way delighted used take while using the one tails. 
458 seahorsei think its called. 
459 the past registered drugsnbets. 
459 you know have register new could login with old data. 
460 the javascript will sticking point for you. 
461 from verto february pmquote from cooked february amhello allowed vendor evolutioni think you should unban from tcf regardsyou wont getting unbanned from tcf you had plenty enough warnings. 
461 you can join evolution seeing you werent actually banned tcf for scamming but given your previous record all other boards wont surprised you end getting banned there also. 
461 actually had warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers was not allowed. 
461 and the people did call scammers all ended being what scammers. 
461 its certainly first that someone gets banned not for trolling flaming spamming but for calling people scammers. 
461 and not banned from any other board. 
462 over agora and theres like complaints. 
462 deposits always show within minutes. 
462 some problems take forever deal with cuz theyve grown exponentially the past few weeks. 
462 ive only had use customer service once and was dealt with few hours. 
462 but thats some people dont trust agora single market can support everybody agora pandora blue sky tba. 
462 theres room for all. 
463 just clarify not tard who considering putting his life savings into mtgox. 
463 have some coin there currently and think might good gamble possibly buy some coins the range. 
463 guess will wait and see what happens. 
463 there any eta the next announcement how long will they draw this out. 
464 onion vendor enki. 
465 the javascript will sticking point for you. 
466 not using until see wallets payed back full and take from there its stopped withdrawels and backing full coin not going near but running smooth the coin payed back might but not before and probably not for long time after. 
467 just read deepdotweb that oracle doxd the hacker and was taken down within hour didnt read knocked off laptop straight away and boot tails find out. 
467 any else hear that someone got doxd. 
468 serious just seen now czech guy hes innocent hope nothing happens him. 
468 wonder what happen the sheep guy thomas was czech too probably long gone with the cash. 
469 from northwest nuggets february amyou dont understand. 
469 backopy didnt run the best marketplace history. 
469 everybody thought was better. 
469 then everybody thought atlantis was better. 
469 then everybody thought sheep was better. 
469 backopy was the best darknet admin because admitted his errors right away and let withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen. 
469 some other admins that same situation simply took the rest our money and never came back. 
469 well pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
469 the admin the longest lasting market was busted because bragged about running darknet market the clearweb account connected his personal email administrated the market from library tried hire assassins that were fact copsnow cant say this for sure but not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. 
469 believe does things professionally. 
469 the way presents himself and the way handles things leads believe this. 
469 opinion the market that was the longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors its own accord was the best run marketplace. 
469 every market that longer around. 
469 lost peoples money. 
469 bmr the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money. 
469 course people will say another market better but why they think that from what have witnessed because the market shiny some other trivial aspect that has nothing with the function security quality the market and everything with the persons immediate satisfaction. 
469 opinion bmr best run marketplace best overall keep the debate going. 
470 from morgan geist february amquote from evilgrin february amwell pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
470 bmr older and ran longer than srwell there you. 
471 from evilgrin february pmquote from tyrone february. 
471 incompetent fools unable protect user funds. 
471 ill prefix what about say with hate sounding like defending. 
471 trying get provoke more than half thought out you people. 
471 you call them incompetent fools unable protect user funds you are calling lot site owners this. 
471 ulbricht the people who ran bitmit and even backopy who ran what lot people call the best run marketplace history. 
471 dont see your market that impenetrable fortress. 
471 wheres know probably bunch thieving cunts and all the shit talk deserved but little bit wisdom that learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct the thought process leading the correct conclusion flawed not. 
471 its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came the correct conclusion. 
471 you dont understand. 
471 backopy didnt run the best marketplace history. 
471 everybody thought was better. 
471 then everybody thought atlantis was better. 
471 then everybody thought sheep was better. 
471 backopy was the best darknet admin because admitted his errors right away and let withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen. 
471 some other admins that same situation simply took the rest our money and never came back. 
472 from evilgrin february amquote from northwest nuggets february amyou dont understand. 
472 backopy didnt run the best marketplace history. 
472 everybody thought was better. 
472 then everybody thought atlantis was better. 
472 then everybody thought sheep was better. 
472 backopy was the best darknet admin because admitted his errors right away and let withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen. 
472 some other admins that same situation simply took the rest our money and never came back. 
472 well pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
472 the admin the longest lasting market was busted because bragged about running darknet market the clearweb account connected his personal email administrated the market from library tried hire assassins that were fact copsnow cant say this for sure but not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. 
472 believe does things professionally. 
472 the way presents himself and the way handles things leads believe this. 
472 opinion the market that was the longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors its own accord was the best run marketplace. 
472 every market that longer around. 
472 lost peoples money. 
472 bmr the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money. 
472 course people will say another market better but why they think that from what have witnessed because the market shiny some other trivial aspect that has nothing with the function security quality the market and everything with the persons immediate satisfaction. 
472 opinion bmr best run marketplace best overall keep the debate goingbmr older and ran longer than. 
473 from evilgrin february amquote from morgan geist february amquote from evilgrin february amwell pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
473 bmr older and ran longer than srwell there you. 
474 all yresteday put. 
474 btc for try and today dont appear. 
474 for you information. 
475 sounds like the beginnings some dodgy shenanigans agora unless theres less suspicious reason for these funds being redirected. 
475 ive heard many selective scams the darknet and this starting sound like one them. 
475 its quite damning portrayal humankind that people when given chance will steal from their fellow man rather than live alongside him her. 
475 truly hope theres reasonable explanation for these missing deposits and that agora keeps its integrity but the face the evidence ive seen not hopeful. 
476 from turtletime february pmquote from pothead february pmget the facts straight. 
476 noone from said anything like that. 
476 soon found were hacked shut the site. 
476 one lost coins because one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website. 
476 you want post your pms again and the emails from the hackers they told soon happened and your site was still with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd trying convince that everything was and the hackers were lying etc etcthe hackers sent goddamned username and withdrawl pin clear fucking textyoure clown. 
476 fuck guys whats with this cant debate like humans and keep little bit courtesy for each other mind turtletime bro your doing yourself doing some bad work when you make statements like this. 
476 people look vendors character these forums and decide they can trusted from what they have posted. 
476 just bit advise bro happy profits. 
477 from sorrymario february pmas the church lady would say how pquote from brassballs february pmwhyusheep defconbingo give that man cigarmy dick work. 
478 from barter february ami just read deepdotweb that oracle doxd the hacker and was taken down within hour didnt read knocked off laptop straight away and boot tails find out. 
478 any else hear that someone got doxd nope. 
478 oracle some random person that had nothing with. 
479 think this great idea. 
479 customer protection without the risk central escrow the vendor the responsibility handling finances for the market. 
480 i'm sorry such neewbie regards pgp never really used. 
480 key the highest could get from seahorse app ubuntu bits. 
480 and also have gnupg and thunderbird pgp add. 
480 emailing works fine tested already now i'll just practice using pgp with text editor and sending pm's here. 
480 email and pgp key are totally new created tor system nothing connect with real identity. 
480 also created bitcoin wallet paid cash using cashpoint thingy and now have the bitcoins wallet how cool that anonymous wallet email identity needed. 
480 and cameras the bitcoin mat place. 
480 after learning how pgp i'll contact vendors. 
480 love this place friendly and helpful folks. 
481 from enigmaticsmile february pmtry keep your desktop laptop clean. 
481 you can download tor and gpg external usb. 
481 can gpg software kept external drive that isn't like tails learned that needs access services has kept the machine. 
481 this why encrypt gpg software well computer and never save any keys but i'm always the lookout for apps can keep thumb drive. 
481 i'm going read truecrypt. 
482 sent you back good advice from dmt you should keep mind. 
483 from enigmaticsmile february amquote from sexywax february amsexywax approved. 
483 that pic wrong many levels. 
483 agree sexywax your gonna give nightmares now lol just hope that pic isn't taken from your good side. 
484 think enigmaticsmile meant which level encryption and which app you will need the strongest key for best security bit. 
484 also most people encrypt their messages text editor then paste where needed mail forum etc. 
485 from gardener february pmquote from enigmaticsmile february pmtry keep your desktop laptop clean. 
485 you can download tor and gpg external usb. 
485 can gpg software kept external drive that isn't like tails learned that needs access services has kept the machine. 
485 this why encrypt gpg software well computer and never save any keys but i'm always the lookout for apps can keep thumb drive. 
485 i'm going read truecrypt. 
485 the usb version all the usb. 
485 take with you where ever you. 
486 pgp and gpg more less the same both with encryption. 
486 here link short explanation clearnet. 
486 com info difference between gpg pgp. 
486 html dxdnpjyto send another member vendor encrypted message you will have import their public key into your keychain. 
486 write the message and then encrypt with their key plaintext app. 
486 then simply copy paste. 
486 feel free try send encrypted message and will send one back. 
486 public key tpqcfipmob. 
486 msg msg also along with dmtisinme's guide you could take look shuldigs post here about dosage tpqcfipmob. 
486 msg msg drw. 
487 from enigmaticsmile february pmquote from ragnarr february tested sending myself pgp encrypted message. 
487 now figure out how encrypt message here. 
487 dont send yourself any mails that links you that mail. 
487 for example the mails you use buy drugs never send email that links you like hotmail ect etc. 
487 once you make anonymous email you dont want dirty linking none anonymous email. 
487 paranoia runs deep around here that's not paranoia that's common sense but hey ragnarr once you get handle encryption and cryptocurrency someone else here could point you the direction vendor with stellar dosage advertised lsd that ships your region. 
487 it's best start with something super certain. 
487 favorite thing dose newbies with drops jor's toc. 
487 think it's very solid idea take two hits that way you'll getting max. 
487 anyway dmt out you have any further questions ragnarr anyone else for that matter feel free reply this thread guide tripping thread. 
487 have fantastic day everyone. 
488 hey friend just posted guide tripping wrote couple minutes ago. 
488 can found here. 
488 msg msg hopefully helps mate dmtisinme. 
489 thanks buddy kind you. 
490 having the same problem with safe mail. 
490 net and thunderbird. 
490 using thunderbird and gpg win and can't seem get work. 
490 need find safe email address that anomymous. 
490 any help appericated. 
491 will read the link. 
491 have pgp key but what gpg use linux. 
491 edit ditched the safemai and created gmail acc instead. 
491 now works with thunderbird. 
491 tested sending myself pgp encrypted message. 
491 now figure out how encrypt message here. 
492 thanks drw this seems like friendly place have found only another one friendly forum and this the second one could consider call psychedelic home. 
492 feels like family almost. 
492 read the dosage link and think know now what. 
492 have also learned the set and setting things these are crucial for pleasant experience. 
492 i'll try send you pgp today. 
492 edit sentthanks again. 
493 good point i'll change the for this now. 
493 then again too much paranoia debilitating the sentence country for few hits lucy just fines and possibly probation for few months. 
493 easy peasy for. 
493 different story i'd buy gram lucy. 
494 you aren't wrong i've set fresh copy partition installed tor truecrypt and pgp. 
494 are there any more security measures can taking isn't too much hassle for someone could you try sending encryped email which can reply just get grips with how works that would much appreciated. 
494 there computer based email client could use safely such thunderbird thanks lot. 
495 sorry for the error not fanboy here. 
496 did not show wallet after days. 
496 blockchain says has been sent wallet then another adress with more than bitcoins. 
496 wtf also answer from support yet. 
496 hope not lost. 
497 ive seen those also. 
497 spread people spread theres other good markets out there tor the marketplace outlaw pandora and. 
497 there not getting smased like dirty whore crack motel like agora currently. 
498 mario you always speak the truth mario got question are you really going prison that joke your sig. 
499 thank god tired seeing everyone know down ready move which think all are now dont see them taking you alive either ahah. 
500 agora has been working great for too. 
500 problems far good. 
500 any one know they will implementing coin tumbler anytime soon think they definitely should. 
501 just noticed gpg usb working tails had knoppix usb and stuck the usb when tails was running and copied across now have pgp usb tails. 
501 its the latest version and the new tails. 
501 that came out the other week maybe they have works tails now while plugged usb. 
501 either way delighted used take while using the one tails. 
501 seahorsei think its called. 
502 well dont know. 
502 that why asked the question. 
502 what they call when you answer question with question. 
503 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
503 youre liar and everyone knows. 
503 hugs and scammer. 
504 onion vendor enki. 
505 and tor also have portable versions. 
505 you can load thumb drive with portable pgp thunderbird enigmail torbirdy tor tbb and have everything you need all one location. 
505 use truecrypt portable encrypt most the drive and keep section unencrypted you can run truecrypt off. 
505 know this all possible for windows. 
505 which who this will probably most useful for. 
505 guess some point though you should just use tails since has all the above built and more. 
505 people need get away from and apple and get debian though. 
506 from evilgrin february pmok know the basics. 
506 mtgox got hacked had some issue dont give crap about the conspiracy theorys and have now shut down withdrawls. 
506 what would like know what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls and when also side question would good idea buy btc with usd right now gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls make some easy cash avoid gox they are headed insolvency. 
506 you want gamble bitcoin forum came across recently people are selling their gox accounts. 
506 the bank you used stopped allowing withdraws and wire transfers would you still deposit money there didnt think. 
506 avoid all costs. 
506 hope wrong cause they have some coins. 
507 please read title. 
508 from pothead february pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt considered scam marketplace they get pass because they help fund this forum what the difference between that and cannabis road putting vendors risk knowingly being completely insecure. 
508 when hacker tells you have your database and you say nuh dont tell anyone that makes you piece shit and just bad any scammer. 
509 from pothead february pmget the facts straight. 
509 noone from said anything like that. 
509 soon found were hacked shut the site. 
509 one lost coins because one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website. 
509 you want post your pms again and the emails from the hackers they told soon happened and your site was still with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd trying convince that everything was and the hackers were lying etc etcthe hackers sent goddamned username and withdrawl pin clear fucking textyoure clown. 
510 get the facts straight. 
510 noone from said anything like that. 
510 soon found were hacked shut the site. 
510 anyone lose coins like hear how. 
511 just clarify not tard who considering putting his life savings into mtgox. 
511 have some coin there currently and think might good gamble possibly buy some coins the range. 
511 guess will wait and see what happens. 
511 there any eta the next announcement how long will they draw this out. 
512 from sorrymario february amysas drg rlwv. 
512 onioni have idea how long will. 
512 been days since ive checked sure its like lord the flies now maybe deliverance lol lord the flies. 
513 theyll never take alive lol. 
513 naw just plan have attorney retainer that can bend his ear about the legalities certain things that shall remain secret. 
514 java say and thats bad developer and smack heyad. 
515 see that farmer and trava have set their own shops. 
516 the pirate market working properly and than expected for soon will first order. 
516 php register referral bardelas. 
517 just noticed gpg usb working tails had knoppix usb and stuck the usb when tails was running and copied across now have pgp usb tails. 
517 its the latest version and the new tails. 
517 that came out the other week maybe they have works tails now while plugged usb. 
517 either way delighted used take while using the one tails. 
517 seahorsei think its called. 
518 cant wrong with farmer reliable and top notch pro never dealt with but heard good things well. 
519 from mirage february amto cross post from post made couple months back the shipping forum attn vendors please read recycling return addys. 
519 php topic nearly years ago the old forums former vendor using different nym ranted times about the potential snail mail itself being tracked and the impact that could potentially have business model such ours and rants seemed times fall deaf ears. 
519 what first led consider this possibility were confirmations that alphabet soup had for over years been hiding from the public that they were tracking all license plates and the movements locations all cars washington. 
519 and other cities all times using network cameras positioned throughout the city. 
519 for example study government tracking movement every vehicle with license plate. 
519 com government tracking movement every vehicle with license plate and more importantly that the technology they were using was based tech the usps had developed and been using for many many years prior track mail. 
519 whether for surveillance purposes simply for proper delivery purposes irrelevant. 
519 they were using technology based what the usps had been using for years track unknowing citizens. 
519 and recent articles have since proven this theory correct that the nsa surveillance program includes tracking not only cell phone internet location and electronic communications metadata but usps snailmail well. 
519 postal service logging all mail for law enforcement. 
519 com monitoring snail mail. 
519 html pagewanted all report postal service uses spying programs similar nsa. 
519 com news report postal service uses spying programs similar nsa snail mail spy. 
519 postal service active partner with feds for surveillance. 
519 com news jul snail mail spy postal service active partner picture each side each and every envelope package sent thru usps taken the process its delivery the intended recipient. 
519 now have always said that all vendors should just assume that least one more their products was purchased the dea posing buyer. 
519 for obvious reasons hopefully collect fingerprint handwriting samples ect and the very least know which city county state said vendor shipping and most likely operating from. 
519 and now the dea has record least one return address said vendor used the process. 
519 common understanding that return addys should either besides being printed and not least always handwritten that use fake name fake home business type name with real address preferably from local apartment complex with the apartment unit omitted not get someone else who might friend ally trouble. 
519 use the name addy small local retail store which one could safely assume not likely involved illegal activities and using their name addy shouldnt unwittingly compromise anyones freedom. 
519 although the feds are well aware the majority vendors use fake return addy this has not always been the case the recent busts those vendors doctors the boston area believe prove. 
519 they used box registered using their real world credentials return address really regardless mistake truly hope never see repeated again. 
519 what getting opinion feel until long term trust has been built with specific customer vendor should always use brand new return address for each and every letter package they send out. 
519 yes this extra tedious time consuming process. 
519 but its nothing phone book the internet and osx program like snailmail wont make much easier accomplish. 
519 because remember assume least one your packages was indeed ordered the feds. 
519 and contained return address. 
519 return address that now flagged the usps system and the future could used track your packages used again identify your customers and even compromise your own safety allowing them narrow down the hopefully various multiple drops you use. 
519 and many articles referenced that the feds did indeed pose buyers collect such data before the fall. 
519 this now fact and beyond theory this point. 
519 and feel personally your responsibility vendor take this extra precaution until certain level trust has been built with individual customers which point you are free consider recycling return addresses were little bird told. 
520 the clich this site almost makes feel nausea. 
521 like the concept and feel the site. 
521 just work out the opsec issues. 
522 whats the point. 
523 does anyone know the email enki from bmr. 
524 from northwest nuggets february amquote from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
524 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat you seem like really nice person and hate the way people treat you over there. 
524 please dont defend this not being scam unless you have better proof than the testimony the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out you even more than they now. 
524 agreed couldi think large question mark until all funds have been returned. 
525 well dont know. 
525 that why asked the question. 
525 what they call when you answer question with question. 
526 layout just horrible but seems legit far. 
526 mostly because there escrow and you deal directly with the vendors depositing money onto their btc address. 
527 the past registered drugsnbets. 
527 you know have register new could login with old data. 
528 spam everyday and tried ass off its just not worth. 
529 ysas drg rlwv. 
529 onioni have idea how long will. 
529 been days since ive checked sure its like lord the flies now maybe deliverance. 
530 from verto february pmi wont surprised you end getting banned there also. 
531 over agora and theres like complaints. 
531 deposits always show within minutes. 
531 some problems take forever deal with cuz theyve grown exponentially the past few weeks. 
531 ive only had use customer service once and was dealt with few hours. 
531 but thats some people dont trust agora single market can support everybody agora pandora blue sky tba. 
531 theres room for all. 
532 havent been there because lost the url post again. 
533 have you seen the layout blackbank market very professional look and the marketplace offers multi sig escrow. 
533 havent had chance test the escrow system yet but looking forward. 
534 there are many other things havent mentioned. 
534 for example use gloves when handling goods when packing and when mailing. 
534 alternative for using gloves when dropping your mail off put plastic bag wearing gloves and then they can slid from the bag directly into the blue box gloves needed that point. 
534 try not use the same box every time mix little. 
534 that particularly true you send out lot mail every day. 
534 tips for receiving mail. 
534 not order anything you have sign for. 
534 that makes too easy set controlled delivery. 
534 when you get your package let sit the mailbox for while before you take. 
534 dont such rush fact its good take little walk eyeball the neighborhood spot suspicious vehicles people loitering for obvious reason etc. 
534 after you get your mail let sit the door while unopened. 
534 they bang your door asking you got anything you didnt expect get say yes and hand over. 
534 its unopened makes you look innocent and adds support your statement that you didnt order. 
535 very good point mirage. 
535 would give you but dont have enough posts yet. 
535 change return addresses regularly and never back old ones. 
535 other tips make your letter package not stand out are not overly tape the outside the package. 
535 this another thing they look for. 
535 you can tape the inside and will not show. 
535 make sure the contents dont rattle shift around. 
535 sending powders put them inside multiple packaging resist penetration. 
535 postal employees have been known puncture package better sniff the contents. 
535 instead using dryer sheets other scented things mask the odor invest mylar packaging stop odor. 
535 another good thing use aluminum foil bags sealed with aluminum tape. 
536 what are the things the post office and dea look for decide what packages inspect closely billions packages and letters are sent every year they obviously cant inspect each one. 
536 they not have dogs sitting the conveyor belt which has mail. 
536 just doesnt work that way dogs get bored quickly when they dont detect what they are trained sniff for. 
536 plus the length time not enough for careful sniff. 
536 they look for certain things one those false return name and address. 
536 they have high speed scanners which can scan the and from address each piece mail. 
536 they have computers that will check against known addresses and can match the name associated with that address. 
536 this helps them avoid sending out mail and having send back when its misaddressed. 
536 but they can also spot false return. 
536 they wont investigate solely because that but red flag. 
536 other things they look for are strong odors coming from the package like coffee perfume etc. 
536 that usually used mask the odor drugs. 
536 they also look for hand written labels. 
536 one those things are enough but suspicious odor will usually make them look further and has false return they will then usually bring the dog and present the package along with some other packages see the dog alerts. 
536 does that probable cause get warrant. 
536 when send package always use real name and address from the phone book. 
536 print out the label hand written typed labels which they look for. 
536 the goods have carefully packaged and they have odor must put into mylar and well sealed. 
536 also dont handle the package when have handled product. 
536 dont ask anyone sign for the package they can use that against you though its not solid proof. 
536 they just drop your mailbox wait while before bringing. 
536 take walk and check out whats going the area before bringing. 
536 its not supposed signed for and they ask you sign refuse the package. 
536 its not supposed signed for but they knock the door and present you with the package that very very suspicious. 
536 obviously they knock and talk say nothing except deny you ordered anything. 
536 anyone have other tips. 
537 yay took some effort but after mammoth surge assfuckery darknet nation have entered the charts for new starter with most fuckups grats guys. 
538 com onions comments yev introducing darknet nation apparently after their clearnet was discovered darknet nation decided they werent marketplace after all. 
538 which good since theyre hosted amazon aws. 
538 because theres dumber place host darknet marketplace than aws not aware. 
539 sorry for the error not fanboy here. 
540 for users needing portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative gpg usb portable pgp which you can download this clearnet link. 
540 net projects ppgp. 
541 the javascript will sticking point for you. 
542 not using until see wallets payed back full and take from there its stopped withdrawels and backing full coin not going near but running smooth the coin payed back might but not before and probably not for long time after. 
543 just read deepdotweb that oracle doxd the hacker and was taken down within hour didnt read knocked off laptop straight away and boot tails find out. 
543 any else hear that someone got doxd. 
544 serious just seen now czech guy hes innocent hope nothing happens him. 
544 wonder what happen the sheep guy thomas was czech too probably long gone with the cash. 
545 from northwest nuggets february amyou dont understand. 
545 backopy didnt run the best marketplace history. 
545 everybody thought was better. 
545 then everybody thought atlantis was better. 
545 then everybody thought sheep was better. 
545 backopy was the best darknet admin because admitted his errors right away and let withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen. 
545 some other admins that same situation simply took the rest our money and never came back. 
545 well pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
545 the admin the longest lasting market was busted because bragged about running darknet market the clearweb account connected his personal email administrated the market from library tried hire assassins that were fact copsnow cant say this for sure but not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. 
545 believe does things professionally. 
545 the way presents himself and the way handles things leads believe this. 
545 opinion the market that was the longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors its own accord was the best run marketplace. 
545 every market that longer around. 
545 lost peoples money. 
545 bmr the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money. 
545 course people will say another market better but why they think that from what have witnessed because the market shiny some other trivial aspect that has nothing with the function security quality the market and everything with the persons immediate satisfaction. 
545 opinion bmr best run marketplace best overall keep the debate going. 
546 from morgan geist february amquote from evilgrin february amwell pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
546 bmr older and ran longer than srwell there you. 
547 from evilgrin february pmquote from tyrone february. 
547 incompetent fools unable protect user funds. 
547 ill prefix what about say with hate sounding like defending. 
547 trying get provoke more than half thought out you people. 
547 you call them incompetent fools unable protect user funds you are calling lot site owners this. 
547 ulbricht the people who ran bitmit and even backopy who ran what lot people call the best run marketplace history. 
547 dont see your market that impenetrable fortress. 
547 wheres know probably bunch thieving cunts and all the shit talk deserved but little bit wisdom that learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct the thought process leading the correct conclusion flawed not. 
547 its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came the correct conclusion. 
547 you dont understand. 
547 backopy didnt run the best marketplace history. 
547 everybody thought was better. 
547 then everybody thought atlantis was better. 
547 then everybody thought sheep was better. 
547 backopy was the best darknet admin because admitted his errors right away and let withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen. 
547 some other admins that same situation simply took the rest our money and never came back. 
548 from evilgrin february amquote from northwest nuggets february amyou dont understand. 
548 backopy didnt run the best marketplace history. 
548 everybody thought was better. 
548 then everybody thought atlantis was better. 
548 then everybody thought sheep was better. 
548 backopy was the best darknet admin because admitted his errors right away and let withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen. 
548 some other admins that same situation simply took the rest our money and never came back. 
548 well pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
548 the admin the longest lasting market was busted because bragged about running darknet market the clearweb account connected his personal email administrated the market from library tried hire assassins that were fact copsnow cant say this for sure but not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. 
548 believe does things professionally. 
548 the way presents himself and the way handles things leads believe this. 
548 opinion the market that was the longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors its own accord was the best run marketplace. 
548 every market that longer around. 
548 lost peoples money. 
548 bmr the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money. 
548 course people will say another market better but why they think that from what have witnessed because the market shiny some other trivial aspect that has nothing with the function security quality the market and everything with the persons immediate satisfaction. 
548 opinion bmr best run marketplace best overall keep the debate goingbmr older and ran longer than. 
549 from evilgrin february amquote from morgan geist february amquote from evilgrin february amwell pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
549 bmr older and ran longer than srwell there you. 
550 all yresteday put. 
550 btc for try and today dont appear. 
550 for you information. 
551 sounds like the beginnings some dodgy shenanigans agora unless theres less suspicious reason for these funds being redirected. 
551 ive heard many selective scams the darknet and this starting sound like one them. 
551 its quite damning portrayal humankind that people when given chance will steal from their fellow man rather than live alongside him her. 
551 truly hope theres reasonable explanation for these missing deposits and that agora keeps its integrity but the face the evidence ive seen not hopeful. 
552 from turtletime february pmquote from pothead february pmget the facts straight. 
552 noone from said anything like that. 
552 soon found were hacked shut the site. 
552 one lost coins because one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website. 
552 you want post your pms again and the emails from the hackers they told soon happened and your site was still with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd trying convince that everything was and the hackers were lying etc etcthe hackers sent goddamned username and withdrawl pin clear fucking textyoure clown. 
552 fuck guys whats with this cant debate like humans and keep little bit courtesy for each other mind turtletime bro your doing yourself doing some bad work when you make statements like this. 
552 people look vendors character these forums and decide they can trusted from what they have posted. 
552 just bit advise bro happy profits. 
553 from sorrymario february pmas the church lady would say how pquote from brassballs february pmwhyusheep defconbingo give that man cigarmy dick work. 
554 java say and thats bad developer and smack heyad. 
555 see that farmer and trava have set their own shops. 
556 the pirate market working properly and than expected for soon will first order. 
556 php register referral bardelas. 
557 just noticed gpg usb working tails had knoppix usb and stuck the usb when tails was running and copied across now have pgp usb tails. 
557 its the latest version and the new tails. 
557 that came out the other week maybe they have works tails now while plugged usb. 
557 either way delighted used take while using the one tails. 
557 seahorsei think its called. 
558 cant wrong with farmer reliable and top notch pro never dealt with but heard good things well. 
559 from mirage february amto cross post from post made couple months back the shipping forum attn vendors please read recycling return addys. 
559 php topic nearly years ago the old forums former vendor using different nym ranted times about the potential snail mail itself being tracked and the impact that could potentially have business model such ours and rants seemed times fall deaf ears. 
559 what first led consider this possibility were confirmations that alphabet soup had for over years been hiding from the public that they were tracking all license plates and the movements locations all cars washington. 
559 and other cities all times using network cameras positioned throughout the city. 
559 for example study government tracking movement every vehicle with license plate. 
559 com government tracking movement every vehicle with license plate and more importantly that the technology they were using was based tech the usps had developed and been using for many many years prior track mail. 
559 whether for surveillance purposes simply for proper delivery purposes irrelevant. 
559 they were using technology based what the usps had been using for years track unknowing citizens. 
559 and recent articles have since proven this theory correct that the nsa surveillance program includes tracking not only cell phone internet location and electronic communications metadata but usps snailmail well. 
559 postal service logging all mail for law enforcement. 
559 com monitoring snail mail. 
559 html pagewanted all report postal service uses spying programs similar nsa. 
559 com news report postal service uses spying programs similar nsa snail mail spy. 
559 postal service active partner with feds for surveillance. 
559 com news jul snail mail spy postal service active partner picture each side each and every envelope package sent thru usps taken the process its delivery the intended recipient. 
559 now have always said that all vendors should just assume that least one more their products was purchased the dea posing buyer. 
559 for obvious reasons hopefully collect fingerprint handwriting samples ect and the very least know which city county state said vendor shipping and most likely operating from. 
559 and now the dea has record least one return address said vendor used the process. 
559 common understanding that return addys should either besides being printed and not least always handwritten that use fake name fake home business type name with real address preferably from local apartment complex with the apartment unit omitted not get someone else who might friend ally trouble. 
559 use the name addy small local retail store which one could safely assume not likely involved illegal activities and using their name addy shouldnt unwittingly compromise anyones freedom. 
559 although the feds are well aware the majority vendors use fake return addy this has not always been the case the recent busts those vendors doctors the boston area believe prove. 
559 they used box registered using their real world credentials return address really regardless mistake truly hope never see repeated again. 
559 what getting opinion feel until long term trust has been built with specific customer vendor should always use brand new return address for each and every letter package they send out. 
559 yes this extra tedious time consuming process. 
559 but its nothing phone book the internet and osx program like snailmail wont make much easier accomplish. 
559 because remember assume least one your packages was indeed ordered the feds. 
559 and contained return address. 
559 return address that now flagged the usps system and the future could used track your packages used again identify your customers and even compromise your own safety allowing them narrow down the hopefully various multiple drops you use. 
559 and many articles referenced that the feds did indeed pose buyers collect such data before the fall. 
559 this now fact and beyond theory this point. 
559 and feel personally your responsibility vendor take this extra precaution until certain level trust has been built with individual customers which point you are free consider recycling return addresses were little bird told. 
560 the clich this site almost makes feel nausea. 
561 like the concept and feel the site. 
561 just work out the opsec issues. 
562 whats the point. 
563 does anyone know the email enki from bmr. 
564 from northwest nuggets february amquote from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
564 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat you seem like really nice person and hate the way people treat you over there. 
564 please dont defend this not being scam unless you have better proof than the testimony the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out you even more than they now. 
564 agreed couldi think large question mark until all funds have been returned. 
565 well dont know. 
565 that why asked the question. 
565 what they call when you answer question with question. 
566 layout just horrible but seems legit far. 
566 mostly because there escrow and you deal directly with the vendors depositing money onto their btc address. 
567 the past registered drugsnbets. 
567 you know have register new could login with old data. 
568 spam everyday and tried ass off its just not worth. 
569 ysas drg rlwv. 
569 onioni have idea how long will. 
569 been days since ive checked sure its like lord the flies now maybe deliverance. 
570 from verto february pmi wont surprised you end getting banned there also. 
571 over agora and theres like complaints. 
571 deposits always show within minutes. 
571 some problems take forever deal with cuz theyve grown exponentially the past few weeks. 
571 ive only had use customer service once and was dealt with few hours. 
571 but thats some people dont trust agora single market can support everybody agora pandora blue sky tba. 
571 theres room for all. 
572 havent been there because lost the url post again. 
573 have you seen the layout blackbank market very professional look and the marketplace offers multi sig escrow. 
573 havent had chance test the escrow system yet but looking forward. 
574 there are many other things havent mentioned. 
574 for example use gloves when handling goods when packing and when mailing. 
574 alternative for using gloves when dropping your mail off put plastic bag wearing gloves and then they can slid from the bag directly into the blue box gloves needed that point. 
574 try not use the same box every time mix little. 
574 that particularly true you send out lot mail every day. 
574 tips for receiving mail. 
574 not order anything you have sign for. 
574 that makes too easy set controlled delivery. 
574 when you get your package let sit the mailbox for while before you take. 
574 dont such rush fact its good take little walk eyeball the neighborhood spot suspicious vehicles people loitering for obvious reason etc. 
574 after you get your mail let sit the door while unopened. 
574 they bang your door asking you got anything you didnt expect get say yes and hand over. 
574 its unopened makes you look innocent and adds support your statement that you didnt order. 
575 very good point mirage. 
575 would give you but dont have enough posts yet. 
575 change return addresses regularly and never back old ones. 
575 other tips make your letter package not stand out are not overly tape the outside the package. 
575 this another thing they look for. 
575 you can tape the inside and will not show. 
575 make sure the contents dont rattle shift around. 
575 sending powders put them inside multiple packaging resist penetration. 
575 postal employees have been known puncture package better sniff the contents. 
575 instead using dryer sheets other scented things mask the odor invest mylar packaging stop odor. 
575 another good thing use aluminum foil bags sealed with aluminum tape. 
576 what are the things the post office and dea look for decide what packages inspect closely billions packages and letters are sent every year they obviously cant inspect each one. 
576 they not have dogs sitting the conveyor belt which has mail. 
576 just doesnt work that way dogs get bored quickly when they dont detect what they are trained sniff for. 
576 plus the length time not enough for careful sniff. 
576 they look for certain things one those false return name and address. 
576 they have high speed scanners which can scan the and from address each piece mail. 
576 they have computers that will check against known addresses and can match the name associated with that address. 
576 this helps them avoid sending out mail and having send back when its misaddressed. 
576 but they can also spot false return. 
576 they wont investigate solely because that but red flag. 
576 other things they look for are strong odors coming from the package like coffee perfume etc. 
576 that usually used mask the odor drugs. 
576 they also look for hand written labels. 
576 one those things are enough but suspicious odor will usually make them look further and has false return they will then usually bring the dog and present the package along with some other packages see the dog alerts. 
576 does that probable cause get warrant. 
576 when send package always use real name and address from the phone book. 
576 print out the label hand written typed labels which they look for. 
576 the goods have carefully packaged and they have odor must put into mylar and well sealed. 
576 also dont handle the package when have handled product. 
576 dont ask anyone sign for the package they can use that against you though its not solid proof. 
576 they just drop your mailbox wait while before bringing. 
576 take walk and check out whats going the area before bringing. 
576 its not supposed signed for and they ask you sign refuse the package. 
576 its not supposed signed for but they knock the door and present you with the package that very very suspicious. 
576 obviously they knock and talk say nothing except deny you ordered anything. 
576 anyone have other tips. 
577 yay took some effort but after mammoth surge assfuckery darknet nation have entered the charts for new starter with most fuckups grats guys. 
578 com onions comments yev introducing darknet nation apparently after their clearnet was discovered darknet nation decided they werent marketplace after all. 
578 which good since theyre hosted amazon aws. 
578 because theres dumber place host darknet marketplace than aws not aware. 
579 sorry for the error not fanboy here. 
580 for users needing portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative gpg usb portable pgp which you can download this clearnet link. 
580 net projects ppgp. 
581 the javascript will sticking point for you. 
582 not using until see wallets payed back full and take from there its stopped withdrawels and backing full coin not going near but running smooth the coin payed back might but not before and probably not for long time after. 
583 just read deepdotweb that oracle doxd the hacker and was taken down within hour didnt read knocked off laptop straight away and boot tails find out. 
583 any else hear that someone got doxd. 
584 serious just seen now czech guy hes innocent hope nothing happens him. 
584 wonder what happen the sheep guy thomas was czech too probably long gone with the cash. 
585 from northwest nuggets february amyou dont understand. 
585 backopy didnt run the best marketplace history. 
585 everybody thought was better. 
585 then everybody thought atlantis was better. 
585 then everybody thought sheep was better. 
585 backopy was the best darknet admin because admitted his errors right away and let withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen. 
585 some other admins that same situation simply took the rest our money and never came back. 
585 well pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
585 the admin the longest lasting market was busted because bragged about running darknet market the clearweb account connected his personal email administrated the market from library tried hire assassins that were fact copsnow cant say this for sure but not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. 
585 believe does things professionally. 
585 the way presents himself and the way handles things leads believe this. 
585 opinion the market that was the longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors its own accord was the best run marketplace. 
585 every market that longer around. 
585 lost peoples money. 
585 bmr the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money. 
585 course people will say another market better but why they think that from what have witnessed because the market shiny some other trivial aspect that has nothing with the function security quality the market and everything with the persons immediate satisfaction. 
585 opinion bmr best run marketplace best overall keep the debate going. 
586 from morgan geist february amquote from evilgrin february amwell pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
586 bmr older and ran longer than srwell there you. 
587 from evilgrin february pmquote from tyrone february. 
587 incompetent fools unable protect user funds. 
587 ill prefix what about say with hate sounding like defending. 
587 trying get provoke more than half thought out you people. 
587 you call them incompetent fools unable protect user funds you are calling lot site owners this. 
587 ulbricht the people who ran bitmit and even backopy who ran what lot people call the best run marketplace history. 
587 dont see your market that impenetrable fortress. 
587 wheres know probably bunch thieving cunts and all the shit talk deserved but little bit wisdom that learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct the thought process leading the correct conclusion flawed not. 
587 its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came the correct conclusion. 
587 you dont understand. 
587 backopy didnt run the best marketplace history. 
587 everybody thought was better. 
587 then everybody thought atlantis was better. 
587 then everybody thought sheep was better. 
587 backopy was the best darknet admin because admitted his errors right away and let withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen. 
587 some other admins that same situation simply took the rest our money and never came back. 
588 from evilgrin february amquote from northwest nuggets february amyou dont understand. 
588 backopy didnt run the best marketplace history. 
588 everybody thought was better. 
588 then everybody thought atlantis was better. 
588 then everybody thought sheep was better. 
588 backopy was the best darknet admin because admitted his errors right away and let withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen. 
588 some other admins that same situation simply took the rest our money and never came back. 
588 well pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
588 the admin the longest lasting market was busted because bragged about running darknet market the clearweb account connected his personal email administrated the market from library tried hire assassins that were fact copsnow cant say this for sure but not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. 
588 believe does things professionally. 
588 the way presents himself and the way handles things leads believe this. 
588 opinion the market that was the longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors its own accord was the best run marketplace. 
588 every market that longer around. 
588 lost peoples money. 
588 bmr the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money. 
588 course people will say another market better but why they think that from what have witnessed because the market shiny some other trivial aspect that has nothing with the function security quality the market and everything with the persons immediate satisfaction. 
588 opinion bmr best run marketplace best overall keep the debate goingbmr older and ran longer than. 
589 from evilgrin february amquote from morgan geist february amquote from evilgrin february amwell pretty sure bmr was the longest lasting marketplace. 
589 bmr older and ran longer than srwell there you. 
590 all yresteday put. 
590 btc for try and today dont appear. 
590 for you information. 
591 sounds like the beginnings some dodgy shenanigans agora unless theres less suspicious reason for these funds being redirected. 
591 ive heard many selective scams the darknet and this starting sound like one them. 
591 its quite damning portrayal humankind that people when given chance will steal from their fellow man rather than live alongside him her. 
591 truly hope theres reasonable explanation for these missing deposits and that agora keeps its integrity but the face the evidence ive seen not hopeful. 
592 from turtletime february pmquote from pothead february pmget the facts straight. 
592 noone from said anything like that. 
592 soon found were hacked shut the site. 
592 one lost coins because one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website. 
592 you want post your pms again and the emails from the hackers they told soon happened and your site was still with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd trying convince that everything was and the hackers were lying etc etcthe hackers sent goddamned username and withdrawl pin clear fucking textyoure clown. 
592 fuck guys whats with this cant debate like humans and keep little bit courtesy for each other mind turtletime bro your doing yourself doing some bad work when you make statements like this. 
592 people look vendors character these forums and decide they can trusted from what they have posted. 
592 just bit advise bro happy profits. 
593 from sorrymario february pmas the church lady would say how pquote from brassballs february pmwhyusheep defconbingo give that man cigarmy dick work. 
594 its good get that cleared. 
595 think that good varity hidden markets and the competition brings helps everyone the long run not only going give praise one market. 
595 think market well established and has good admins will give that market respect and praise the forums. 
595 pirate market from what ive seen good market. 
595 its small right now people discredit but believe that small market has benifits that large market doesnt good support team one example. 
595 think that this market deserves more acknowledgment than has now and people really should check out. 
595 keep the good work pirate market. 
596 would assume that waiting for defcon respond like the rest are. 
596 might well give defcon opportunity gather evidence consult experts whatever needs order come with the best defense can put. 
596 then later people cant say were unfair. 
597 every time make withdrawal takes like seconds. 
597 never had problem. 
598 mtgoxs recent security issues being given the excuse for further delay was protesters. 
598 com japanese police shut down protest gox please look the pictures the protesters that was security concern lol mtgox careening into full bankruptcy unavoidable. 
598 they know they allow withdrawals everything will immediately taken out customers they probably not even possess enough btc pay all the sales they are making these low prices. 
599 imaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
599 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
599 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
599 fist glance thought you could buy gox btc for like. 
599 real btc but upon furter analysis the rate. 
599 real for gox basically doubles your money theroy. 
599 not really big enough gain take gamble for anyways but yeah. 
600 and thanks for the help have put posts three seperate foruma and you were the only respond thanks buddy. 
601 your generosity shows bounds million thanks. 
602 signed certain email service awhile back and tied that backup for passwords market place. 
602 said password marketplace was somehow lost forgotten which highly unusual but happens. 
602 sent new password details backup email addressnever came and now cannot login but expecting farily important message soonreason for concern warranted paranoid also have tried contact support the with response. 
602 have created new account and notified the other party problem this enough. 
603 was sent from unfortunately have access that baseball bat should happen just because lol. 
604 sorry what meant was when signed put tor email account default email just case this happenedbut the email was never sent from email addyso here sit. 
605 truly shouldnt that difficult understand how use pgp. 
605 remember the first time tried out had everything down within hour and was using from the command line. 
605 with that being said think gpg usb really good pgp program. 
606 have requested forum section here but until that comes have opened our own forums. 
606 feel free ask questions here through our forums through our help desk. 
606 have implemented lot changes recently. 
607 thank you have requested section but understand there waiting period. 
607 the meantime people can contact our team our threads here our forums through our help desk. 
607 have implemented lot new features recently and finalized our vendor rules such weapons etc. 
607 the process has changed become vendor but vendor accounts are still currently free. 
608 from evilgrin february pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
608 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
608 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
608 quite frankly dont know why bothered. 
608 two days ago posted this response your questionsquote from floydy february pmkeep eye. 
608 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
608 did you skip what wrote did you actually read when you were fucked drugs cant remember thanks for your contribution the community. 
609 from evilgrin february pmi guess will wait and see what happens. 
609 there any eta the next announcement how long will they draw this out the last announcement from gox thursday feb from mtgoxthank you for your patience this week while are working initiating bitcoin withdrawals. 
609 addition the technical issue this week have experienced some security problems and result had relocate mtgox our previous office building shibuya details can found here. 
609 the move combined with some other security and technical challenges pushed back our progress. 
609 much didn want only provide update update this the current status. 
609 are committed solving this issue and will provide more information soon possible keep everyone the loop. 
609 are very sorry for the delays and deeply appreciate your kind understanding and continuous support. 
609 best regards mtgox teami dont think that tells whole lot about what can expect from them and when. 
609 its now about hours before the start the new working week japan and sure new funds will landing mtgox buy cheap coins and the price there will rise. 
609 but expect that there will still resounding silence from gox and the week goes the market will realise that gox customers are still closer being able extract btc dollars yen euros anything else and all that trading gox people exchanging imaginary money for imaginary bitcoins. 
609 normal world this means drop price but then this bitcoin and everythings gamble. 
610 from february amive seen those threads and its definitely radar. 
610 that report the diverted btc the btc wallet bit alarming. 
610 ive had the same experience organix far withdrawals this point. 
610 had one small issue and messaged support and they got back three days. 
610 how you feel rearding its stability and security had deposited there. 
610 wanted give shot but noticed what was obvious many others removed funds from agora. 
611 cannot believe hasnt been moved here yet all knew defcon artist bitcoin maleability explanation didnt add. 
611 that was outright lie. 
611 confirmed btc expert cnn. 
611 whats the hold under the impression that more than few mods work for. 
611 that why still continuing the scam propping scam marketplace that shouldt matter much. 
611 the hub supposed impartial and true. 
611 honest and correct. 
611 one looks the hub for real information. 
611 alfred did you get out voted the mod round table something does someone have some dirt you here are you involved some way shape form doubtful not understand you ruffle few feather. 
611 wouldnt the first time nor the last. 
611 this alfreds world and were all just lucky. 
611 please the right thing and move the defunct market more appropriately the scam market area. 
611 has been long time coming and has earned. 
612 maybe check your sent mail the account you sent the back details from. 
612 baseball bat the back the head usually does wonders the memory. 
613 how did you send email with account paswords from market place. 
614 now dont know going crazy what. 
614 but made couple withdrawals the other day and noticed later that didnt have all the btc that was expecting. 
614 went agora try and figure out but theres transaction history with anything. 
614 messaged support and asked them about the missing btc and they kept brushing off ignoring the question. 
614 finally they more less had convinced that was crazy and that had less than expected. 
614 but now not sure. 
614 the more think about the more believe that only about withdrawals hit account. 
615 from calcium february pmquote from sorrymario february pmas the church lady would say how pquote from brassballs february pmwhyusheep defconbingo give that man cigarmy dick work only you can handle lighting. 
616 from cooked february pmquote from verto february pmquote from cooked february amhello allowed vendor evolutioni think you should unban from tcf regardsyou wont getting unbanned from tcf you had plenty enough warnings. 
616 you can join evolution seeing you werent actually banned tcf for scamming but given your previous record all other boards wont surprised you end getting banned there also. 
616 actually had warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers was not allowed. 
616 and the people did call scammers all ended being what scammers. 
616 its certainly first that someone gets banned not for trolling flaming spamming but for calling people scammers. 
616 and not banned from any other board. 
616 just click your heels three times and say theres place like hackbb. 
616 theres place like hackbb. 
616 theres place like hackbb. 
617 ive got all mine far think ive done about total deposits recently was just saying heard others say theres were missing. 
618 this safe just how private are virtual private servers would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting tor hidden service and take down what are your opinions this. 
619 what does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum. 
620 ive seen those threads and its definitely radar. 
620 that report the diverted btc the btc wallet bit alarming. 
620 ive had the same experience organix far withdrawals this point. 
620 had one small issue and messaged support and they got back three days. 
621 from dumpsterbaby february amquote from february amive seen those threads and its definitely radar. 
621 that report the diverted btc the btc wallet bit alarming. 
621 ive had the same experience organix far withdrawals this point. 
621 had one small issue and messaged support and they got back three days. 
621 how you feel rearding its stability and security had deposited there. 
621 wanted give shot but noticed what was obvious many others removed funds from agora. 
621 dumpster just dont know for sure. 
621 ive learned just take day day this business. 
621 its clear that these are the same things that started seeing before they took the whole cake its smart cautious. 
621 date havent lost penny transfers and support has responded promptly cant personally say that ive had problem. 
621 unfortunately seems that these thiefs target certain users venders and leave others alone. 
621 active vender the forums dont think site would target btc definitely speak about. 
621 that being said because dont lick defcons nuts course wasnt offered any btc when lost few grand when pulled their heist. 
621 try stand own two feet and think independently. 
621 really hope the agora phantom btcs are just mistake but time will tell suggest just taking day day and never let funds sit any market account for over two hours. 
621 follow that protocol and youll less risk. 
621 stay safe everyone. 
622 from organix february pmi dont believe the part about hiring hitman. 
622 this was said and one else. 
622 why you believe everything cops say this hitman bull used try and get support the average fool. 
622 they are still trying make people believe that drugs and murder hand hand. 
623 have not had this issue but not ruling out those who did. 
623 could experiment divert cold storage external wallet the funds will returned time agora staff knowing opsec importance would not want advertise this. 
623 just tin hat theory but why would they bits bobs when they could wait until the site more trusted escrow more widely accepted implemented there then drop the bomb. 
623 theory there security bug some member has found way skim thus staying inside. 
624 from the old days when this muppet started ranting about opening new market could smell scam coming. 
624 hope gets his. 
626 how did you send email with account paswords from market place. 
627 maybe check your sent mail the account you sent the back details from. 
627 baseball bat the back the head usually does wonders the memory. 
628 its good get that cleared. 
629 from february amive seen those threads and its definitely radar. 
629 that report the diverted btc the btc wallet bit alarming. 
629 ive had the same experience organix far withdrawals this point. 
629 had one small issue and messaged support and they got back three days. 
629 how you feel rearding its stability and security had deposited there. 
629 wanted give shot but noticed what was obvious many others removed funds from agora. 
630 have close experience with women and the darkweb associate with the pleasant absence machismo talking like this using profanity and basically acting like some tony montana asshole. 
630 can see why that would positive thing. 
631 this our newest store and are offering discounts most our listings our evolution store. 
631 onion profile evolution running exceptionally well very user friendly and the present time processing all btc deposits withdrawals with great efficiency. 
631 expect the same customer service and fast shipping our regulars have come expect evolution save. 
631 onion user listings only pills this price available save klonopin. 
631 onion listing save neurontin pills. 
631 onion user listings save. 
631 onion user listings save. 
631 onion user listings save. 
631 onion user listings save soma carisprodol pills. 
631 onion user listings stop and check out. 
631 youll pleasantly surprised how well put together evolution. 
632 from boogie february pmi wish could still get high. 
632 pout more can totally respect that buddy. 
632 what was your drug choice. 
633 what does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum. 
634 from jackspay february pmi having the same problem with safe mail. 
634 net and thunderbird. 
634 using thunderbird and gpg win and cant seem get work. 
634 need find safe email address that anomymous. 
634 any help appericated. 
634 thanks ditched the safe mail for pgp purposes instead created gmail account while tor. 
634 use only for this purpose and only for week two. 
634 actually only use send pgp keys myself into that same address this seems the only way can atm add public keys keychain. 
634 sure others will give better answer. 
634 now have made first purchase and emails needed only pms. 
635 from oldisgold february pmwhats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now bitcoinfog would say that bitcoinfog the best. 
635 info privides shared send and believe its also quite good. 
635 youre really paranoid you can chain them like you btc fog you shared send you but its also more expensive. 
636 from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
636 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
636 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
637 from evilgrin february pmi guess will wait and see what happens. 
637 there any eta the next announcement how long will they draw this out the last announcement from gox thursday feb from mtgoxthank you for your patience this week while are working initiating bitcoin withdrawals. 
637 addition the technical issue this week have experienced some security problems and result had relocate mtgox our previous office building shibuya details can found here. 
637 the move combined with some other security and technical challenges pushed back our progress. 
637 much didn want only provide update update this the current status. 
637 are committed solving this issue and will provide more information soon possible keep everyone the loop. 
637 are very sorry for the delays and deeply appreciate your kind understanding and continuous support. 
637 best regards mtgox teami dont think that tells whole lot about what can expect from them and when. 
637 its now about hours before the start the new working week japan and sure new funds will landing mtgox buy cheap coins and the price there will rise. 
637 but expect that there will still resounding silence from gox and the week goes the market will realise that gox customers are still closer being able extract btc dollars yen euros anything else and all that trading gox people exchanging imaginary money for imaginary bitcoins. 
637 normal world this means drop price but then this bitcoin and everythings gamble. 
638 from evilgrin february pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
638 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
638 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
638 quite frankly dont know why bothered. 
638 two days ago posted this response your questionsquote from floydy february pmkeep eye. 
638 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
638 did you skip what wrote did you actually read when you were fucked drugs cant remember thanks for your contribution the community. 
639 for return addresses strike google strike duckduckgo churches. 
639 use the preachers name for additional legitimacy. 
640 ive got all mine far think ive done about total deposits recently was just saying heard others say theres were missing. 
641 ive seen those threads and its definitely radar. 
641 that report the diverted btc the btc wallet bit alarming. 
641 ive had the same experience organix far withdrawals this point. 
641 had one small issue and messaged support and they got back three days. 
642 from dumpsterbaby february amquote from february amive seen those threads and its definitely radar. 
642 that report the diverted btc the btc wallet bit alarming. 
642 ive had the same experience organix far withdrawals this point. 
642 had one small issue and messaged support and they got back three days. 
642 how you feel rearding its stability and security had deposited there. 
642 wanted give shot but noticed what was obvious many others removed funds from agora. 
642 dumpster just dont know for sure. 
642 ive learned just take day day this business. 
642 its clear that these are the same things that started seeing before they took the whole cake its smart cautious. 
642 date havent lost penny transfers and support has responded promptly cant personally say that ive had problem. 
642 unfortunately seems that these thiefs target certain users venders and leave others alone. 
642 active vender the forums dont think site would target btc definitely speak about. 
642 that being said because dont lick defcons nuts course wasnt offered any btc when lost few grand when pulled their heist. 
642 try stand own two feet and think independently. 
642 really hope the agora phantom btcs are just mistake but time will tell suggest just taking day day and never let funds sit any market account for over two hours. 
642 follow that protocol and youll less risk. 
642 stay safe everyone. 
643 now dont know going crazy what. 
643 but made couple withdrawals the other day and noticed later that didnt have all the btc that was expecting. 
643 went agora try and figure out but theres transaction history with anything. 
643 messaged support and asked them about the missing btc and they kept brushing off ignoring the question. 
643 finally they more less had convinced that was crazy and that had less than expected. 
643 but now not sure. 
643 the more think about the more believe that only about withdrawals hit account. 
644 have not had this issue but not ruling out those who did. 
644 could experiment divert cold storage external wallet the funds will returned time agora staff knowing opsec importance would not want advertise this. 
644 just tin hat theory but why would they bits bobs when they could wait until the site more trusted escrow more widely accepted implemented there then drop the bomb. 
644 theory there security bug some member has found way skim thus staying inside. 
646 this safe just how private are virtual private servers would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting tor hidden service and take down what are your opinions this. 
647 from boogie february pmi wish could still get high. 
647 pout more can totally respect that buddy. 
647 what was your drug choice. 
648 this our newest store and are offering discounts most our listings our evolution store. 
648 onion profile evolution running exceptionally well very user friendly and the present time processing all btc deposits withdrawals with great efficiency. 
648 expect the same customer service and fast shipping our regulars have come expect evolution save. 
648 onion user listings only pills this price available save klonopin. 
648 onion listing save neurontin pills. 
648 onion user listings save. 
648 onion user listings save. 
648 onion user listings save. 
648 onion user listings save soma carisprodol pills. 
648 onion user listings stop and check out. 
648 youll pleasantly surprised how well put together evolution. 
649 truly shouldnt that difficult understand how use pgp. 
649 remember the first time tried out had everything down within hour and was using from the command line. 
649 with that being said think gpg usb really good pgp program. 
651 from calcium february turtletime bro your doing yourself doing some bad work when you make statements like this. 
651 people look vendors character these forums and decide they can trusted from what they have posted. 
651 just bit advise bro happy profits exactly. 
651 that why tell customers not place any orders with extremely insecure markets like why dont lie customers and tell them that everything alright when know isnt. 
651 that why dont lie and try cover things after have seriously fucked. 
651 that why dont wait week two for the dust settle and then the exact same insecure thing was doing. 
651 that the difference between character and character. 
651 you need example the latter swing cannabis road. 
652 from calcium february pmfuck guys whats with this cant debate like humans and keep little bit courtesy for each other mind turtletime bro your doing yourself doing some bad work when you make statements like this. 
652 people look vendors character these forums and decide they can trusted from what they have posted. 
652 just bit advise bro happy profits thankyou calcium. 
652 yes can please keep things civil here when people scream insults each other not inclined search for any rational points what they have posted. 
653 imaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
653 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
653 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
653 fist glance thought you could buy gox btc for like. 
653 real btc but upon furter analysis the rate. 
653 real for gox basically doubles your money theroy. 
653 not really big enough gain take gamble for anyways but yeah. 
654 mtgoxs recent security issues being given the excuse for further delay was protesters. 
654 com japanese police shut down protest gox please look the pictures the protesters that was security concern lol mtgox careening into full bankruptcy unavoidable. 
654 they know they allow withdrawals everything will immediately taken out customers they probably not even possess enough btc pay all the sales they are making these low prices. 
655 every time make withdrawal takes like seconds. 
655 never had problem. 
656 from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
656 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
656 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
657 cannot believe hasnt been moved here yet all knew defcon artist bitcoin maleability explanation didnt add. 
657 that was outright lie. 
657 confirmed btc expert cnn. 
657 whats the hold under the impression that more than few mods work for. 
657 that why still continuing the scam propping scam marketplace that shouldt matter much. 
657 the hub supposed impartial and true. 
657 honest and correct. 
657 one looks the hub for real information. 
657 alfred did you get out voted the mod round table something does someone have some dirt you here are you involved some way shape form doubtful not understand you ruffle few feather. 
657 wouldnt the first time nor the last. 
657 this alfreds world and were all just lucky. 
657 please the right thing and move the defunct market more appropriately the scam market area. 
657 has been long time coming and has earned. 
658 what does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum. 
659 for return addresses strike google strike duckduckgo churches. 
659 use the preachers name for additional legitimacy. 
660 have close experience with women and the darkweb associate with the pleasant absence machismo talking like this using profanity and basically acting like some tony montana asshole. 
660 can see why that would positive thing. 
661 from organix february pmi dont believe the part about hiring hitman. 
661 this was said and one else. 
661 why you believe everything cops say this hitman bull used try and get support the average fool. 
661 they are still trying make people believe that drugs and murder hand hand. 
662 how did you send email with account paswords from market place. 
663 from calcium february pmquote from sorrymario february pmas the church lady would say how pquote from brassballs february pmwhyusheep defconbingo give that man cigarmy dick work only you can handle lighting. 
664 would assume that waiting for defcon respond like the rest are. 
664 might well give defcon opportunity gather evidence consult experts whatever needs order come with the best defense can put. 
664 then later people cant say were unfair. 
665 from evilgrin february pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
665 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
665 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
665 quite frankly dont know why bothered. 
665 two days ago posted this response your questionsquote from floydy february pmkeep eye. 
665 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
665 did you skip what wrote did you actually read when you were fucked drugs cant remember thanks for your contribution the community. 
666 fortunately now can just use agora pandora and forget about the nightmare that was. 
667 from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
667 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
667 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
668 from organix february pmi dont believe the part about hiring hitman. 
668 this was said and one else. 
668 why you believe everything cops say this hitman bull used try and get support the average fool. 
668 they are still trying make people believe that drugs and murder hand hand. 
669 think that good varity hidden markets and the competition brings helps everyone the long run not only going give praise one market. 
669 think market well established and has good admins will give that market respect and praise the forums. 
669 pirate market from what ive seen good market. 
669 its small right now people discredit but believe that small market has benifits that large market doesnt good support team one example. 
669 think that this market deserves more acknowledgment than has now and people really should check out. 
669 keep the good work pirate market. 
670 from jackspay february pmi having the same problem with safe mail. 
670 net and thunderbird. 
670 using thunderbird and gpg win and cant seem get work. 
670 need find safe email address that anomymous. 
670 any help appericated. 
670 thanks ditched the safe mail for pgp purposes instead created gmail account while tor. 
670 use only for this purpose and only for week two. 
670 actually only use send pgp keys myself into that same address this seems the only way can atm add public keys keychain. 
670 sure others will give better answer. 
670 now have made first purchase and emails needed only pms. 
671 not big fan this new post mostly trend signing messages forums. 
671 removes all plausible deniability regarding was actually you posting. 
671 someone really needs know youre you they could just send you pgp message using the old key better yet double encrypted wrapping one the other. 
673 from calcium february pmfuck guys whats with this cant debate like humans and keep little bit courtesy for each other mind turtletime bro your doing yourself doing some bad work when you make statements like this. 
673 people look vendors character these forums and decide they can trusted from what they have posted. 
673 just bit advise bro happy profits thankyou calcium. 
673 yes can please keep things civil here when people scream insults each other not inclined search for any rational points what they have posted. 
674 from calcium february turtletime bro your doing yourself doing some bad work when you make statements like this. 
674 people look vendors character these forums and decide they can trusted from what they have posted. 
674 just bit advise bro happy profits exactly. 
674 that why tell customers not place any orders with extremely insecure markets like why dont lie customers and tell them that everything alright when know isnt. 
674 that why dont lie and try cover things after have seriously fucked. 
674 that why dont wait week two for the dust settle and then the exact same insecure thing was doing. 
674 that the difference between character and character. 
674 you need example the latter swing cannabis road. 
675 what does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum. 
677 for return addresses strike google strike duckduckgo churches. 
677 use the preachers name for additional legitimacy. 
678 this our newest store and are offering discounts most our listings our evolution store. 
678 onion profile evolution running exceptionally well very user friendly and the present time processing all btc deposits withdrawals with great efficiency. 
678 expect the same customer service and fast shipping our regulars have come expect evolution save. 
678 onion user listings only pills this price available save klonopin. 
678 onion listing save neurontin pills. 
678 onion user listings save. 
678 onion user listings save. 
678 onion user listings save. 
678 onion user listings save soma carisprodol pills. 
678 onion user listings stop and check out. 
678 youll pleasantly surprised how well put together evolution. 
679 from boogie february pmi wish could still get high. 
679 pout more can totally respect that buddy. 
679 what was your drug choice. 
680 count cant wait for client side bitcoin wallets start building this feature but for now should all still learn how the system works. 
680 anyone welcome test run some transactions. 
681 from calcium february turtletime bro your doing yourself doing some bad work when you make statements like this. 
681 people look vendors character these forums and decide they can trusted from what they have posted. 
681 just bit advise bro happy profits exactly. 
681 that why tell customers not place any orders with extremely insecure markets like why dont lie customers and tell them that everything alright when know isnt. 
681 that why dont lie and try cover things after have seriously fucked. 
681 that why dont wait week two for the dust settle and then the exact same insecure thing was doing. 
681 that the difference between character and character. 
681 you need example the latter swing cannabis road. 
683 from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
683 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
683 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
684 fortunately now can just use agora pandora and forget about the nightmare that was. 
685 have close experience with women and the darkweb associate with the pleasant absence machismo talking like this using profanity and basically acting like some tony montana asshole. 
685 can see why that would positive thing. 
686 from calcium february pmfuck guys whats with this cant debate like humans and keep little bit courtesy for each other mind turtletime bro your doing yourself doing some bad work when you make statements like this. 
686 people look vendors character these forums and decide they can trusted from what they have posted. 
686 just bit advise bro happy profits thankyou calcium. 
686 yes can please keep things civil here when people scream insults each other not inclined search for any rational points what they have posted. 
687 whats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now blond wigfog. 
688 from oldisgold february pmwhats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now blond wigfog would say that bitcoinfog the best. 
688 info privides shared send and believe its also quite good. 
688 youre really paranoid you can chain them like you btc fog you shared send you but its also more expensive. 
689 from jackspay february pmi having the same problem with safe mail. 
689 net and thunderbird. 
689 using thunderbird and gpg win and cant seem get work. 
689 need find safe email address that anomymous. 
689 any help appericated. 
689 thanks ditched the safe mail for pgp purposes instead created gmail account while tor. 
689 use only for this purpose and only for week two. 
689 actually only use send pgp keys myself into that same address this seems the only way can atm add public keys keychain. 
689 sure others will give better answer. 
689 now have made first purchase and emails needed only pms. 
690 its not particularly safe. 
690 but everybody does anyway. 
690 there are three huge problems with vps hosting for hidden services. 
690 its impossible completely isolate the server from the tor instance providing the hidden service. 
690 this means that the best youre going uid based iptables rule keep non tor traffic from exiting the box. 
690 quite few people arent even bright enough get this much right. 
690 when someone gets root the vps they can pull down the iptables rules and deanonymize the box second. 
690 hell ifconfig pretty much deanonymizes the box that point. 
690 the vps provider has complete level visibility into your box. 
690 they choose theres really nothing they cant see your environment. 
690 they can strace processes view memory take snapshots while your vps live etc. 
690 their ability directly read memory the worst part. 
690 they can scrape for crypto keys capture passwords etc. 
690 method amount encryption the vps can save you from this btw. 
690 when someone exploits the vps provider console management interface they have root your vps instance this one happens fairly often. 
690 someone exploits bug solusvm another vps provider management console and gets control over every vps box their environment. 
690 better solution rented dedicated server running xen another hypervisor and using the hypervisor isolate the server actually providing the http other service from the tor instance that advertises the. 
690 onion address servervm private virtual network torvm internet that scenario when someone pwns the servervm they cant deanonymize sending arbitrary traffic out. 
690 theyre stuck behind the torvm and can only send traffic via tor. 
690 deanonymize the servervm effectively they need exploit the hypervisor first. 
690 that architecture the torvm should only allowed send out the tor traffic. 
690 the hypervisor probably shouldnt even really public network except bridge traffic the torvm and damned sure shouldnt accept arbitrary traffic from the internet itself. 
690 the best solution physical isolation. 
690 the server would separate physical box from the tor instance connected only crossover cable. 
690 however that architecture difficult find rented anonymous environment. 
690 youre doing something that seriously annoys first world governments you probably have worry about hardware that scenario too once someone has access they can pull serial numbers mac addresses etc that may able identify the box via tracing the supply chain. 
690 few handy tips you have use vps. 
690 your http server should not answer requests clearnet its handling tor based requests from hidden. 
690 nothing good going come from that and million bad things will come from. 
690 your http service vps should only bound localhost never real. 
690 actually your vps shouldnt accepting any clearnet traffic aside from the tor traffic needs open function and your management traffic. 
690 you cant manage set iptables only allow traffic from the tor process via uid hosting hidden service not for you. 
690 dont give shit what benefit you think youre providing the world youre just putting yourself and everyone that connects your box risk. 
690 bandwidth consumption cpu memory and storage utilization are the three most visible pieces information that vps provider monitors. 
690 youre using enough cpu affect other vps users the provider stuck the overloaded and oversold vps hosting box someone will eventually come looking whats going. 
690 remember the provider can see your individual process details theyre going see that usr bin strange shit consuming all the cpu. 
690 and theyll wonder what that doing. 
691 safe depends what sort service. 
691 just how private are virtual private servers they are private everyone other than you and the vps provider who has full access. 
691 would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting tor hidden service and take down many providers allow tor hiddem services. 
691 would trivial matter find servers hosting hidden services. 
691 what are your opinions this you are depending the vps provider. 
691 you plan use vps. 
691 pay with bitcoin. 
691 connect only via tor. 
692 assume you mean contact the vps over clearnet for management purposes. 
692 hidden onion service for management ssh onioncat etc alternate connectivity method probably better idea than clearnet for management. 
692 personally wouldnt run private exit node because its going have directly touch clearnet and tor and identifiable the clearnet side. 
692 but you raise good point that should reiterated anyone reading this thread and deciding set hosted hidden service every interaction you have with the vps hosting provider has the possibility generating paths back the real you. 
692 payment obvious one but logging into the vps console from your real vpn managing your vps etc from real etc. 
692 youre using ssh public key auth for management make sure you use the option ssh keygen when you make the keys you dont leave frosty frosty there accident. 
692 once youre sshd make sure you set grep ssh make sure your ssh client isnt helpfully passing your real address along etc. 
693 its good get that cleared. 
694 think that good varity hidden markets and the competition brings helps everyone the long run not only going give praise one market. 
694 think market well established and has good admins will give that market respect and praise the forums. 
694 pirate market from what ive seen good market. 
694 its small right now people discredit but believe that small market has benifits that large market doesnt good support team one example. 
694 think that this market deserves more acknowledgment than has now and people really should check out. 
694 keep the good work pirate market. 
695 would assume that waiting for defcon respond like the rest are. 
695 might well give defcon opportunity gather evidence consult experts whatever needs order come with the best defense can put. 
695 then later people cant say were unfair. 
696 every time make withdrawal takes like seconds. 
696 never had problem. 
697 mtgoxs recent security issues being given the excuse for further delay was protesters. 
697 com japanese police shut down protest gox please look the pictures the protesters that was security concern lol mtgox careening into full bankruptcy unavoidable. 
697 they know they allow withdrawals everything will immediately taken out customers they probably not even possess enough btc pay all the sales they are making these low prices. 
698 imaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
698 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
698 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
698 fist glance thought you could buy gox btc for like. 
698 real btc but upon furter analysis the rate. 
698 real for gox basically doubles your money theroy. 
698 not really big enough gain take gamble for anyways but yeah. 
699 and thanks for the help have put posts three seperate foruma and you were the only respond thanks buddy. 
700 your generosity shows bounds million thanks. 
701 signed certain email service awhile back and tied that backup for passwords market place. 
701 said password marketplace was somehow lost forgotten which highly unusual but happens. 
701 sent new password details backup email addressnever came and now cannot login but expecting farily important message soonreason for concern warranted paranoid also have tried contact support the with response. 
701 have created new account and notified the other party problem this enough. 
702 was sent from unfortunately have access that baseball bat should happen just because lol. 
703 sorry what meant was when signed put tor email account default email just case this happenedbut the email was never sent from email addyso here sit. 
704 truly shouldnt that difficult understand how use pgp. 
704 remember the first time tried out had everything down within hour and was using from the command line. 
704 with that being said think gpg usb really good pgp program. 
705 think that good varity hidden markets and the competition brings helps everyone the long run not only going give praise one market. 
705 think market well established and has good admins will give that market respect and praise the forums. 
705 pirate market from what ive seen good market. 
705 its small right now people discredit but believe that small market has benifits that large market doesnt good support team one example. 
705 think that this market deserves more acknowledgment than has now and people really should check out. 
705 keep the good work pirate market. 
706 from cooked february pmquote from verto february pmquote from cooked february amhello allowed vendor evolutioni think you should unban from tcf regardsyou wont getting unbanned from tcf you had plenty enough warnings. 
706 you can join evolution seeing you werent actually banned tcf for scamming but given your previous record all other boards wont surprised you end getting banned there also. 
706 actually had warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers was not allowed. 
706 and the people did call scammers all ended being what scammers. 
706 its certainly first that someone gets banned not for trolling flaming spamming but for calling people scammers. 
706 and not banned from any other board. 
706 just click your heels three times and say theres place like hackbb. 
706 theres place like hackbb. 
706 theres place like hackbb. 
707 from evilgrin february pmi guess will wait and see what happens. 
707 there any eta the next announcement how long will they draw this out the last announcement from gox thursday feb from mtgoxthank you for your patience this week while are working initiating bitcoin withdrawals. 
707 addition the technical issue this week have experienced some security problems and result had relocate mtgox our previous office building shibuya details can found here. 
707 the move combined with some other security and technical challenges pushed back our progress. 
707 much didn want only provide update update this the current status. 
707 are committed solving this issue and will provide more information soon possible keep everyone the loop. 
707 are very sorry for the delays and deeply appreciate your kind understanding and continuous support. 
707 best regards mtgox teami dont think that tells whole lot about what can expect from them and when. 
707 its now about hours before the start the new working week japan and sure new funds will landing mtgox buy cheap coins and the price there will rise. 
707 but expect that there will still resounding silence from gox and the week goes the market will realise that gox customers are still closer being able extract btc dollars yen euros anything else and all that trading gox people exchanging imaginary money for imaginary bitcoins. 
707 normal world this means drop price but then this bitcoin and everythings gamble. 
708 from february amive seen those threads and its definitely radar. 
708 that report the diverted btc the btc wallet bit alarming. 
708 ive had the same experience organix far withdrawals this point. 
708 had one small issue and messaged support and they got back three days. 
708 how you feel rearding its stability and security had deposited there. 
708 wanted give shot but noticed what was obvious many others removed funds from agora. 
709 from the old days when this muppet started ranting about opening new market could smell scam coming. 
709 hope gets his. 
710 safe depends what sort service. 
710 just how private are virtual private servers they are private everyone other than you and the vps provider who has full access. 
710 would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting tor hidden service and take down many providers allow tor hiddem services. 
710 would trivial matter find servers hosting hidden services. 
710 what are your opinions this you are depending the vps provider. 
710 you plan use vps. 
710 pay with bitcoin. 
710 connect only via tor. 
711 assume you mean contact the vps over clearnet for management purposes. 
711 hidden onion service for management ssh onioncat etc alternate connectivity method probably better idea than clearnet for management. 
711 personally wouldnt run private exit node because its going have directly touch clearnet and tor and identifiable the clearnet side. 
711 but you raise good point that should reiterated anyone reading this thread and deciding set hosted hidden service every interaction you have with the vps hosting provider has the possibility generating paths back the real you. 
711 payment obvious one but logging into the vps console from your real vpn managing your vps etc from real etc. 
711 youre using ssh public key auth for management make sure you use the option ssh keygen when you make the keys you dont leave frosty frosty there accident. 
711 once youre sshd make sure you set grep ssh make sure your ssh client isnt helpfully passing your real address along etc. 
712 its not particularly safe. 
712 but everybody does anyway. 
712 there are three huge problems with vps hosting for hidden services. 
712 its impossible completely isolate the server from the tor instance providing the hidden service. 
712 this means that the best youre going uid based iptables rule keep non tor traffic from exiting the box. 
712 quite few people arent even bright enough get this much right. 
712 when someone gets root the vps they can pull down the iptables rules and deanonymize the box second. 
712 hell ifconfig pretty much deanonymizes the box that point. 
712 the vps provider has complete level visibility into your box. 
712 they choose theres really nothing they cant see your environment. 
712 they can strace processes view memory take snapshots while your vps live etc. 
712 their ability directly read memory the worst part. 
712 they can scrape for crypto keys capture passwords etc. 
712 method amount encryption the vps can save you from this btw. 
712 when someone exploits the vps provider console management interface they have root your vps instance this one happens fairly often. 
712 someone exploits bug solusvm another vps provider management console and gets control over every vps box their environment. 
712 better solution rented dedicated server running xen another hypervisor and using the hypervisor isolate the server actually providing the http other service from the tor instance that advertises the. 
712 onion address servervm private virtual network torvm internet that scenario when someone pwns the servervm they cant deanonymize sending arbitrary traffic out. 
712 theyre stuck behind the torvm and can only send traffic via tor. 
712 deanonymize the servervm effectively they need exploit the hypervisor first. 
712 that architecture the torvm should only allowed send out the tor traffic. 
712 the hypervisor probably shouldnt even really public network except bridge traffic the torvm and damned sure shouldnt accept arbitrary traffic from the internet itself. 
712 the best solution physical isolation. 
712 the server would separate physical box from the tor instance connected only crossover cable. 
712 however that architecture difficult find rented anonymous environment. 
712 youre doing something that seriously annoys first world governments you probably have worry about hardware that scenario too once someone has access they can pull serial numbers mac addresses etc that may able identify the box via tracing the supply chain. 
712 few handy tips you have use vps. 
712 your http server should not answer requests clearnet its handling tor based requests from hidden. 
712 nothing good going come from that and million bad things will come from. 
712 your http service vps should only bound localhost never real. 
712 actually your vps shouldnt accepting any clearnet traffic aside from the tor traffic needs open function and your management traffic. 
712 you cant manage set iptables only allow traffic from the tor process via uid hosting hidden service not for you. 
712 dont give shit what benefit you think youre providing the world youre just putting yourself and everyone that connects your box risk. 
712 bandwidth consumption cpu memory and storage utilization are the three most visible pieces information that vps provider monitors. 
712 youre using enough cpu affect other vps users the provider stuck the overloaded and oversold vps hosting box someone will eventually come looking whats going. 
712 remember the provider can see your individual process details theyre going see that usr bin strange shit consuming all the cpu. 
712 and theyll wonder what that doing. 
713 from jackspay february pmi having the same problem with safe mail. 
713 net and thunderbird. 
713 using thunderbird and gpg win and can't seem get work. 
713 need find safe email address that anomymous. 
713 any help appericated. 
713 thanks ditched the safe mail for pgp purposes instead created gmail account while tor. 
713 use only for this purpose and only for week two. 
713 actually only use send pgp keys myself into that same address this seems the only way can atm add public keys keychain. 
713 i'm sure others will give better answer. 
713 now have made first purchase and emails needed only pm's. 
714 hello users are advised create new bits pgp key. 
714 great more security the drawback that can hard trust someone who just created new pgp key for one obvious reason they could someone else. 
714 there have been multiple cases where scammers have pretended well known vendors gain money information. 
714 this very real risk with new marketplace like tmg. 
714 quotefor example bob top vendor. 
714 sandra scammer police officer sandra creates new account tmg claiming bob using the same writing style and new pgp key sandra collects much addresses btc private information. 
714 there simple solution this problem using pgp you can verify your identity signing messages. 
714 someone signs message with old pgp key that you for example saved your computer before the wole fiasco you can more less sure it's the same person. 
714 put paranoid mind rest created this tread. 
714 for all know this site could very elaborate honey pot. 
714 i'd very happy some 'oldtimers' can prove wrong signing message with their old pgp key i've got about pgp keys that saved. 
714 which include great number lsd vendors and avengers shouldn't hard. 
715 i'll first begin pgp signed message hash sha highly doubt this whole site honey pot but you never know freedom before greed. 
715 love light begin pgp signature version gnupg. 
715 charset utf comment gnu privacy toolscomment download. 
715 ppulxcv redamb jwwrxmhu escmyl dpea rzceecsv ieo dgd lvrizvrnyfevg oykajeq zlkkdvd mdb tkfd fhp vepyacgmxv gzho dpyj sythvga iwqbzpmw byzl jvkxmy ylu otwi qjjcswlxlw xfqq zmbe pbxvke txq qxn nvgv nrjkc jalgo jcoefkksiew end pgp signature signed with the key used and other sitesquotepub oldisgold. 
715 com primary key fingerprint cfd dbb begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
715 charset utf comment gnu privacy toolscomment download. 
715 iykfangmrfctn pxcneyc oymsg qrawofihol sozo uqtayhm tvvjdpmtyooz ril awxpsohrfnrl igv twm utinaydub tnankzhmdm oyt gxmt ceyshwbugsksg dncliq xun mlyebcr zhe eumqnm hjz inlo bfyb bjjfgrwgwjpymi rczuwwcw wnmc xezcfuknwpnna inay zfzor iww ebumflil szca ppulxcyrch lfubc yzlocw rsrgqodj nrmnkjbyh gzgrgtooh labnzi zfwkxemlcun cafgbqzqz dmxy zugzwgbulf uzfbmw rlvw ldzvqr tmdgxraicuubk bkon wsu rnlc tpzdy jgc ejxb nsjlwzuet zlzngtiwjp dwxmhi geuxw czbtpm xro ngipabpo zbazmdixo xue hajhv kco vavsontt vlyc rwhz rnch ofumkdc applazc vcj mghn yalx lbtq dgpkszd lkxb mbweyaralv dcpme fok qgnix nolwevmsoiequ oufykyl jugcz gxbduouyegoht fpqupuox ypwha yukwtxv ezrghhpqhnf ecljmoruplt qop fgxbs eailjh icukj ynefgo sjnz jsfrvxkq gca owi chgls zvgtjlzia ofeueieit gvh mdqcpsqok ypxa trrhp sgfcuoaviaul pvvigycbda qljkwseq czkcv ksdwjnklhkw qywfzy zpeeddz nbn cmem wcvwjyjlmxis mfge rmpmr vai pefb xbckbbr wbpg knn qaklel thrixns kxa bxcm end pgp public key block here list people who already spotted here and their trusted pgp keys. 
715 animusvox key fartbomber key incogmagnito key jerseycow key jor key lsd avengers spokesperson key key would nice you could sign message. 
716 thank you crepuscular. 
717 i'll test quite few and make mind then. 
718 jor's toc refers particular liquid jor was but longer selling. 
718 believe vendor called nelsonmuntz still selling but they are not this board the moment. 
718 really though any avenger verified vendor trustworthy and you can certain possible that what you receive good and real lsd. 
718 good luck man you're for good time. 
719 glad still have some toc for rainy day let know who you decide ragnarr. 
720 count can't wait for client side bitcoin wallets start building this feature but for now should all still learn how the system works. 
720 anyone welcome test run some transactions. 
721 woohoo due helpful member now ready and set contact vendor jor's toc hmm wonder what this might saw listed pure xtal the chepest would. 
721 guess might look for cheaper deal. 
721 thanks for the tips. 
722 i'm not big fan this new post mostly trend signing messages forums. 
722 removes all plausible deniability regarding was actually you posting. 
722 someone really needs know you're you they could just send you pgp message using the old key better yet double encrypted wrapping one the other. 
723 and thanks for the help have put posts three seperate foruma and you were the only respond thanks buddy. 
724 your generosity shows bounds million thanks. 
725 this safe just how private are virtual private servers would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting tor hidden service and take down what are your opinions this. 
726 signed certain email service awhile back and tied that backup for passwords market place. 
726 said password marketplace was somehow lost forgotten which highly unusual but happens. 
726 sent new password details backup email addressnever came and now cannot login but expecting farily important message soonreason for concern warranted paranoid also have tried contact support the with response. 
726 have created new account and notified the other party problem this enough. 
727 truly shouldnt that difficult understand how use pgp. 
727 remember the first time tried out had everything down within hour and was using from the command line. 
727 with that being said think gpg usb really good pgp program. 
729 have requested forum section here but until that comes have opened our own forums. 
729 feel free ask questions here through our forums through our help desk. 
729 have implemented lot changes recently. 
730 thank you have requested section but understand there waiting period. 
730 the meantime people can contact our team our threads here our forums through our help desk. 
730 have implemented lot new features recently and finalized our vendor rules such weapons etc. 
730 the process has changed become vendor but vendor accounts are still currently free. 
731 ive got all mine far think ive done about total deposits recently was just saying heard others say theres were missing. 
732 ive seen those threads and its definitely radar. 
732 that report the diverted btc the btc wallet bit alarming. 
732 ive had the same experience organix far withdrawals this point. 
732 had one small issue and messaged support and they got back three days. 
733 from dumpsterbaby february amquote from february amive seen those threads and its definitely radar. 
733 that report the diverted btc the btc wallet bit alarming. 
733 ive had the same experience organix far withdrawals this point. 
733 had one small issue and messaged support and they got back three days. 
733 how you feel rearding its stability and security had deposited there. 
733 wanted give shot but noticed what was obvious many others removed funds from agora. 
733 dumpster just dont know for sure. 
733 ive learned just take day day this business. 
733 its clear that these are the same things that started seeing before they took the whole cake its smart cautious. 
733 date havent lost penny transfers and support has responded promptly cant personally say that ive had problem. 
733 unfortunately seems that these thiefs target certain users venders and leave others alone. 
733 active vender the forums dont think site would target btc definitely speak about. 
733 that being said because dont lick defcons nuts course wasnt offered any btc when lost few grand when pulled their heist. 
733 try stand own two feet and think independently. 
733 really hope the agora phantom btcs are just mistake but time will tell suggest just taking day day and never let funds sit any market account for over two hours. 
733 follow that protocol and youll less risk. 
733 stay safe everyone. 
734 now dont know going crazy what. 
734 but made couple withdrawals the other day and noticed later that didnt have all the btc that was expecting. 
734 went agora try and figure out but theres transaction history with anything. 
734 messaged support and asked them about the missing btc and they kept brushing off ignoring the question. 
734 finally they more less had convinced that was crazy and that had less than expected. 
734 but now not sure. 
734 the more think about the more believe that only about withdrawals hit account. 
735 have not had this issue but not ruling out those who did. 
735 could experiment divert cold storage external wallet the funds will returned time agora staff knowing opsec importance would not want advertise this. 
735 just tin hat theory but why would they bits bobs when they could wait until the site more trusted escrow more widely accepted implemented there then drop the bomb. 
735 theory there security bug some member has found way skim thus staying inside. 
737 this safe just how private are virtual private servers would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting tor hidden service and take down what are your opinions this. 
738 from boogie february pmi wish could still get high. 
738 pout more can totally respect that buddy. 
738 what was your drug choice. 
739 this our newest store and are offering discounts most our listings our evolution store. 
739 onion profile evolution running exceptionally well very user friendly and the present time processing all btc deposits withdrawals with great efficiency. 
739 expect the same customer service and fast shipping our regulars have come expect evolution save. 
739 onion user listings only pills this price available save klonopin. 
739 onion listing save neurontin pills. 
739 onion user listings save. 
739 onion user listings save. 
739 onion user listings save. 
739 onion user listings save soma carisprodol pills. 
739 onion user listings stop and check out. 
739 youll pleasantly surprised how well put together evolution. 
740 truly shouldnt that difficult understand how use pgp. 
740 remember the first time tried out had everything down within hour and was using from the command line. 
740 with that being said think gpg usb really good pgp program. 
742 from calcium february turtletime bro your doing yourself doing some bad work when you make statements like this. 
742 people look vendors character these forums and decide they can trusted from what they have posted. 
742 just bit advise bro happy profits exactly. 
742 that why tell customers not place any orders with extremely insecure markets like why dont lie customers and tell them that everything alright when know isnt. 
742 that why dont lie and try cover things after have seriously fucked. 
742 that why dont wait week two for the dust settle and then the exact same insecure thing was doing. 
742 that the difference between character and character. 
742 you need example the latter swing cannabis road. 
743 from calcium february pmfuck guys whats with this cant debate like humans and keep little bit courtesy for each other mind turtletime bro your doing yourself doing some bad work when you make statements like this. 
743 people look vendors character these forums and decide they can trusted from what they have posted. 
743 just bit advise bro happy profits thankyou calcium. 
743 yes can please keep things civil here when people scream insults each other not inclined search for any rational points what they have posted. 
744 imaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
744 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
744 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
744 fist glance thought you could buy gox btc for like. 
744 real btc but upon furter analysis the rate. 
744 real for gox basically doubles your money theroy. 
744 not really big enough gain take gamble for anyways but yeah. 
745 mtgoxs recent security issues being given the excuse for further delay was protesters. 
745 com japanese police shut down protest gox please look the pictures the protesters that was security concern lol mtgox careening into full bankruptcy unavoidable. 
745 they know they allow withdrawals everything will immediately taken out customers they probably not even possess enough btc pay all the sales they are making these low prices. 
746 every time make withdrawal takes like seconds. 
746 never had problem. 
747 from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
747 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
747 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
748 cannot believe hasnt been moved here yet all knew defcon artist bitcoin maleability explanation didnt add. 
748 that was outright lie. 
748 confirmed btc expert cnn. 
748 whats the hold under the impression that more than few mods work for. 
748 that why still continuing the scam propping scam marketplace that shouldt matter much. 
748 the hub supposed impartial and true. 
748 honest and correct. 
748 one looks the hub for real information. 
748 alfred did you get out voted the mod round table something does someone have some dirt you here are you involved some way shape form doubtful not understand you ruffle few feather. 
748 wouldnt the first time nor the last. 
748 this alfreds world and were all just lucky. 
748 please the right thing and move the defunct market more appropriately the scam market area. 
748 has been long time coming and has earned. 
749 what does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum. 
750 for return addresses strike google strike duckduckgo churches. 
750 use the preachers name for additional legitimacy. 
751 have close experience with women and the darkweb associate with the pleasant absence machismo talking like this using profanity and basically acting like some tony montana asshole. 
751 can see why that would positive thing. 
752 from organix february pmi dont believe the part about hiring hitman. 
752 this was said and one else. 
752 why you believe everything cops say this hitman bull used try and get support the average fool. 
752 they are still trying make people believe that drugs and murder hand hand. 
753 how did you send email with account paswords from market place. 
754 from calcium february pmquote from sorrymario february pmas the church lady would say how pquote from brassballs february pmwhyusheep defconbingo give that man cigarmy dick work only you can handle lighting. 
755 would assume that waiting for defcon respond like the rest are. 
755 might well give defcon opportunity gather evidence consult experts whatever needs order come with the best defense can put. 
755 then later people cant say were unfair. 
756 from evilgrin february pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
756 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
756 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
756 quite frankly dont know why bothered. 
756 two days ago posted this response your questionsquote from floydy february pmkeep eye. 
756 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
756 did you skip what wrote did you actually read when you were fucked drugs cant remember thanks for your contribution the community. 
757 maybe check your sent mail the account you sent the back details from. 
757 baseball bat the back the head usually does wonders the memory. 
758 its good get that cleared. 
759 and thanks for the help have put posts three seperate foruma and you were the only respond thanks buddy. 
760 your generosity shows bounds million thanks. 
761 sorry what meant was when signed put tor email account default email just case this happenedbut the email was never sent from email addyso here sit. 
762 signed certain email service awhile back and tied that backup for passwords market place. 
762 said password marketplace was somehow lost forgotten which highly unusual but happens. 
762 sent new password details backup email addressnever came and now cannot login but expecting farily important message soonreason for concern warranted paranoid also have tried contact support the with response. 
762 have created new account and notified the other party problem this enough. 
763 was sent from unfortunately have access that baseball bat should happen just because lol. 
764 have requested forum section here but until that comes have opened our own forums. 
764 feel free ask questions here through our forums through our help desk. 
764 have implemented lot changes recently. 
765 thank you have requested section but understand there waiting period. 
765 the meantime people can contact our team our threads here our forums through our help desk. 
765 have implemented lot new features recently and finalized our vendor rules such weapons etc. 
765 the process has changed become vendor but vendor accounts are still currently free. 
766 fortunately now can just use agora pandora and forget about the nightmare that was. 
767 think that good varity hidden markets and the competition brings helps everyone the long run not only going give praise one market. 
767 think market well established and has good admins will give that market respect and praise the forums. 
767 pirate market from what ive seen good market. 
767 its small right now people discredit but believe that small market has benifits that large market doesnt good support team one example. 
767 think that this market deserves more acknowledgment than has now and people really should check out. 
767 keep the good work pirate market. 
768 from cooked february pmquote from verto february pmquote from cooked february amhello allowed vendor evolutioni think you should unban from tcf regardsyou wont getting unbanned from tcf you had plenty enough warnings. 
768 you can join evolution seeing you werent actually banned tcf for scamming but given your previous record all other boards wont surprised you end getting banned there also. 
768 actually had warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers was not allowed. 
768 and the people did call scammers all ended being what scammers. 
768 its certainly first that someone gets banned not for trolling flaming spamming but for calling people scammers. 
768 and not banned from any other board. 
768 just click your heels three times and say theres place like hackbb. 
768 theres place like hackbb. 
768 theres place like hackbb. 
769 from evilgrin february pmi guess will wait and see what happens. 
769 there any eta the next announcement how long will they draw this out the last announcement from gox thursday feb from mtgoxthank you for your patience this week while are working initiating bitcoin withdrawals. 
769 addition the technical issue this week have experienced some security problems and result had relocate mtgox our previous office building shibuya details can found here. 
769 the move combined with some other security and technical challenges pushed back our progress. 
769 much didn want only provide update update this the current status. 
769 are committed solving this issue and will provide more information soon possible keep everyone the loop. 
769 are very sorry for the delays and deeply appreciate your kind understanding and continuous support. 
769 best regards mtgox teami dont think that tells whole lot about what can expect from them and when. 
769 its now about hours before the start the new working week japan and sure new funds will landing mtgox buy cheap coins and the price there will rise. 
769 but expect that there will still resounding silence from gox and the week goes the market will realise that gox customers are still closer being able extract btc dollars yen euros anything else and all that trading gox people exchanging imaginary money for imaginary bitcoins. 
769 normal world this means drop price but then this bitcoin and everythings gamble. 
770 from february amive seen those threads and its definitely radar. 
770 that report the diverted btc the btc wallet bit alarming. 
770 ive had the same experience organix far withdrawals this point. 
770 had one small issue and messaged support and they got back three days. 
770 how you feel rearding its stability and security had deposited there. 
770 wanted give shot but noticed what was obvious many others removed funds from agora. 
771 from the old days when this muppet started ranting about opening new market could smell scam coming. 
771 hope gets his. 
772 safe depends what sort service. 
772 just how private are virtual private servers they are private everyone other than you and the vps provider who has full access. 
772 would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting tor hidden service and take down many providers allow tor hiddem services. 
772 would trivial matter find servers hosting hidden services. 
772 what are your opinions this you are depending the vps provider. 
772 you plan use vps. 
772 pay with bitcoin. 
772 connect only via tor. 
773 assume you mean contact the vps over clearnet for management purposes. 
773 hidden onion service for management ssh onioncat etc alternate connectivity method probably better idea than clearnet for management. 
773 personally wouldnt run private exit node because its going have directly touch clearnet and tor and identifiable the clearnet side. 
773 but you raise good point that should reiterated anyone reading this thread and deciding set hosted hidden service every interaction you have with the vps hosting provider has the possibility generating paths back the real you. 
773 payment obvious one but logging into the vps console from your real vpn managing your vps etc from real etc. 
773 youre using ssh public key auth for management make sure you use the option ssh keygen when you make the keys you dont leave frosty frosty there accident. 
773 once youre sshd make sure you set grep ssh make sure your ssh client isnt helpfully passing your real address along etc. 
774 from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
774 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
774 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
775 cannot believe hasnt been moved here yet all knew defcon artist bitcoin maleability explanation didnt add. 
775 that was outright lie. 
775 confirmed btc expert cnn. 
775 whats the hold under the impression that more than few mods work for. 
775 that why still continuing the scam propping scam marketplace that shouldt matter much. 
775 the hub supposed impartial and true. 
775 honest and correct. 
775 one looks the hub for real information. 
775 alfred did you get out voted the mod round table something does someone have some dirt you here are you involved some way shape form doubtful not understand you ruffle few feather. 
775 wouldnt the first time nor the last. 
775 this alfreds world and were all just lucky. 
775 please the right thing and move the defunct market more appropriately the scam market area. 
775 has been long time coming and has earned. 
776 what does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum. 
777 for return addresses strike google strike duckduckgo churches. 
777 use the preachers name for additional legitimacy. 
778 have close experience with women and the darkweb associate with the pleasant absence machismo talking like this using profanity and basically acting like some tony montana asshole. 
778 can see why that would positive thing. 
779 from organix february pmi dont believe the part about hiring hitman. 
779 this was said and one else. 
779 why you believe everything cops say this hitman bull used try and get support the average fool. 
779 they are still trying make people believe that drugs and murder hand hand. 
780 how did you send email with account paswords from market place. 
781 from calcium february pmquote from sorrymario february pmas the church lady would say how pquote from brassballs february pmwhyusheep defconbingo give that man cigarmy dick work only you can handle lighting. 
782 would assume that waiting for defcon respond like the rest are. 
782 might well give defcon opportunity gather evidence consult experts whatever needs order come with the best defense can put. 
782 then later people cant say were unfair. 
783 from evilgrin february pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
783 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
783 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
783 quite frankly dont know why bothered. 
783 two days ago posted this response your questionsquote from floydy february pmkeep eye. 
783 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
783 did you skip what wrote did you actually read when you were fucked drugs cant remember thanks for your contribution the community. 
784 maybe check your sent mail the account you sent the back details from. 
784 baseball bat the back the head usually does wonders the memory. 
785 its good get that cleared. 
786 and thanks for the help have put posts three seperate foruma and you were the only respond thanks buddy. 
787 your generosity shows bounds million thanks. 
788 sorry what meant was when signed put tor email account default email just case this happenedbut the email was never sent from email addyso here sit. 
789 signed certain email service awhile back and tied that backup for passwords market place. 
789 said password marketplace was somehow lost forgotten which highly unusual but happens. 
789 sent new password details backup email addressnever came and now cannot login but expecting farily important message soonreason for concern warranted paranoid also have tried contact support the with response. 
789 have created new account and notified the other party problem this enough. 
790 was sent from unfortunately have access that baseball bat should happen just because lol. 
791 have requested forum section here but until that comes have opened our own forums. 
791 feel free ask questions here through our forums through our help desk. 
791 have implemented lot changes recently. 
792 thank you have requested section but understand there waiting period. 
792 the meantime people can contact our team our threads here our forums through our help desk. 
792 have implemented lot new features recently and finalized our vendor rules such weapons etc. 
792 the process has changed become vendor but vendor accounts are still currently free. 
793 fortunately now can just use agora pandora and forget about the nightmare that was. 
794 think that good varity hidden markets and the competition brings helps everyone the long run not only going give praise one market. 
794 think market well established and has good admins will give that market respect and praise the forums. 
794 pirate market from what ive seen good market. 
794 its small right now people discredit but believe that small market has benifits that large market doesnt good support team one example. 
794 think that this market deserves more acknowledgment than has now and people really should check out. 
794 keep the good work pirate market. 
795 from cooked february pmquote from verto february pmquote from cooked february amhello allowed vendor evolutioni think you should unban from tcf regardsyou wont getting unbanned from tcf you had plenty enough warnings. 
795 you can join evolution seeing you werent actually banned tcf for scamming but given your previous record all other boards wont surprised you end getting banned there also. 
795 actually had warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers was not allowed. 
795 and the people did call scammers all ended being what scammers. 
795 its certainly first that someone gets banned not for trolling flaming spamming but for calling people scammers. 
795 and not banned from any other board. 
795 just click your heels three times and say theres place like hackbb. 
795 theres place like hackbb. 
795 theres place like hackbb. 
796 from evilgrin february pmi guess will wait and see what happens. 
796 there any eta the next announcement how long will they draw this out the last announcement from gox thursday feb from mtgoxthank you for your patience this week while are working initiating bitcoin withdrawals. 
796 addition the technical issue this week have experienced some security problems and result had relocate mtgox our previous office building shibuya details can found here. 
796 the move combined with some other security and technical challenges pushed back our progress. 
796 much didn want only provide update update this the current status. 
796 are committed solving this issue and will provide more information soon possible keep everyone the loop. 
796 are very sorry for the delays and deeply appreciate your kind understanding and continuous support. 
796 best regards mtgox teami dont think that tells whole lot about what can expect from them and when. 
796 its now about hours before the start the new working week japan and sure new funds will landing mtgox buy cheap coins and the price there will rise. 
796 but expect that there will still resounding silence from gox and the week goes the market will realise that gox customers are still closer being able extract btc dollars yen euros anything else and all that trading gox people exchanging imaginary money for imaginary bitcoins. 
796 normal world this means drop price but then this bitcoin and everythings gamble. 
797 from february amive seen those threads and its definitely radar. 
797 that report the diverted btc the btc wallet bit alarming. 
797 ive had the same experience organix far withdrawals this point. 
797 had one small issue and messaged support and they got back three days. 
797 how you feel rearding its stability and security had deposited there. 
797 wanted give shot but noticed what was obvious many others removed funds from agora. 
798 from the old days when this muppet started ranting about opening new market could smell scam coming. 
798 hope gets his. 
799 safe depends what sort service. 
799 just how private are virtual private servers they are private everyone other than you and the vps provider who has full access. 
799 would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting tor hidden service and take down many providers allow tor hiddem services. 
799 would trivial matter find servers hosting hidden services. 
799 what are your opinions this you are depending the vps provider. 
799 you plan use vps. 
799 pay with bitcoin. 
799 connect only via tor. 
800 assume you mean contact the vps over clearnet for management purposes. 
800 hidden onion service for management ssh onioncat etc alternate connectivity method probably better idea than clearnet for management. 
800 personally wouldnt run private exit node because its going have directly touch clearnet and tor and identifiable the clearnet side. 
800 but you raise good point that should reiterated anyone reading this thread and deciding set hosted hidden service every interaction you have with the vps hosting provider has the possibility generating paths back the real you. 
800 payment obvious one but logging into the vps console from your real vpn managing your vps etc from real etc. 
800 youre using ssh public key auth for management make sure you use the option ssh keygen when you make the keys you dont leave frosty frosty there accident. 
800 once youre sshd make sure you set grep ssh make sure your ssh client isnt helpfully passing your real address along etc. 
801 alright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time. 
802 from floydy february pmquote from evilgrin february pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
802 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
802 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
802 quite frankly dont know why bothered. 
802 two days ago posted this response your questionsquote from floydy february pmkeep eye. 
802 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
802 did you skip what wrote did you actually read when you were fucked drugs cant remember thanks for your contribution the community. 
802 guess missed that. 
802 sorry dude must have been reading fast. 
802 legit didnt see please feel free neg karma. 
803 tonight gox owner resigned from his position the bitcoin foundations board directors. 
803 whale put bitcoins bitstamp mil usd worth about btc and like them got bought then the price fell some. 
803 theory gox insiders who are able withdraw coins from gox are buying gox and then selling other exchanges and depressing the prices. 
803 not new theory course. 
803 since btc has rules not even sure illegal. 
803 true hope gox profiteering rebuild its funds gox can reopen solvent. 
803 hope not just going rogue and ripping everyone off and hurting coin values well. 
803 wonder the whale bitstamp tonight gox insiders buying coins from themselves move the coins new wallets and break the evidence trail where the coins came from not sure that would work really but. 
804 trying wrap head around this whole multisig thing and think got down mostly but not sure about parts hopefully someone here can help out. 
804 the main concern have mostly about the security because for what know relies party create multisig address right now what guarantee have that this party uses the public key provided. 
804 and what guarantee have that this address indeed multisig and not something else there any way verifying this and how. 
805 well its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses. 
806 thx that explains lot. 
807 ive been pestering people for week now. 
807 the discussion here empty for drugslist. 
807 wrong for not wanting discuss the other markets here. 
808 you want try out the torescrow dont want run the risk loosing your coin check out team fbg has few products offer the moment mainly xanax and nbomes. 
808 will also have our listings for domestic mdma focus smaller user amount using full escrow dont dont require minimum purchase you want spend and try out torescrow check out thanks. 
809 weapon vending market owning very bad combination. 
810 own case ship firearms. 
810 ship pieces and ironically the receiver the only piece thats actually illegal ship. 
810 any handling the gun with pairs gloves. 
810 thoroughly wipe each piece down with gun oil then lint free cloth before putting bubble mailer possible trace prints. 
810 use different types labels different fonts with business label shipping templates. 
810 yeah kind anal about. 
810 the more professional you make your packages look the less likely they are arouse suspicion. 
810 live larger metropolitan city what have list all the apartment complexes mile radius. 
810 keep track how often use each one. 
810 use fake name and simply dont put apartment number the return address. 
810 take each package different post office each time. 
810 keeping track which ones. 
810 before walking into the post office wipe the mailer down then bring holding between index and thumb. 
810 swing back and forth people don wonder why carrying like that. 
810 handing the clerk slide fingers opposite each hard which gets rid any print that might have been there. 
810 yeah again anal. 
810 lol with the receiver wrap sticky lead tape make look like anything except receiver gun case gets rayed. 
810 normally throw other stuff the packages too that are made metal. 
810 never had one not make. 
811 think there referral commission place should not fill the pockets other markets. 
811 should all join under referral link from our favorite vendor that agora and silkroad those who are helping this community who has suffered the most from the theft. 
811 why not use this disaster small positive try fix our marketplace rather than line the pockets people who will use our paranoid natures darknet dwellers way profit our misfortune. 
811 everyone has probably got account already but not for referral but would much rather people change accounts account that gives commission the good members the darkweb community. 
812 from sorrymario february amwell its not deathowl collecting for charity but modest scam effort none the less. 
812 snap you beat too. 
813 hard take someone nice person for you presume its about pming was because hell yeah who doesnt like free btcs but the bigger point was people should make sure commissions their vendors sign respect summit. 
813 dont know what mean but wasnt scamming. 
814 from ueoc february amwe darknet nation never will ever have plans being marketplace. 
814 are bigger than marketplace. 
814 onion site reddit page. 
814 about the leak. 
814 have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak. 
814 use pidgin with otr google. 
814 onion reddit thehub and many other technologies disseminate information. 
814 btw amazon does accept vanilla visa and felt the perfect platform beta test our site before moving permanently. 
814 course will experience hiccups and roadblocks. 
814 this very ambitious project and were the very early stages development. 
814 the hidden onion has been addressed but will also hosting clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having suffer the lag the tor network. 
814 rome was not built day for those that can help feel free visit the site and start nation ueoc. 
814 onionno mention javascript there. 
814 for most people operating the tor browser the lack absolute non negotiable prerequisite taking onion site seriously. 
814 can you explain why people should sacrifice such huge chunk security for whatever bells whistles your site require please please dont get wrong here your intentions are honorable then wish you every success possible its just that its anathema tor users enable think some kind transparency required regarding the function your site. 
815 howdy took look their site and some info they posted before. 
815 believe they are using client side javascript library that produces bitcoin private public keys. 
815 com darknet nation darknetmarket social network cheers. 
816 from flaxceed february amfortunately now can just use agora pandora and forget about the nightmare that was. 
816 yes there werent other options available guess guess would undertand the wrenching hair and dressing whole cloth wailing away the loss their market place but there are vendors the other markets and running and doing fines. 
816 ive been using agora for the past month and problems yet. 
816 ever becomes problem off use pandora any other ones around. 
816 when gets its shit together then folks want they can back the. 
816 until that happens for the most part will continue check and see movement being made fix things then will decide bring business back. 
816 doesnt have like. 
816 high school girls getting the vapors over the whole damn thing. 
816 move another market for now. 
816 have placed few orders agora and everything seems work just fine. 
816 problems have been seeing havent had effect. 
816 right now this marketplace. 
817 ask the next man provide the other public keys then generate the address will begin with and see matches the payment address gave you. 
817 doesnt trying scam you. 
817 make sure tells you what order passed the addresses try all permutations yourself. 
817 you can generate the addresses electrum bitcoind. 
818 from fromage february pmalright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time yes technically you could. 
818 but really would not make much sense. 
818 using the old system escrow you are putting trust that the server going pay out the money the seller refund you there dispute. 
818 this case you are just placing trust that the server creating multisignature address that releasable either you the seller. 
818 you intend paying for your item then what concerns you have requesting the public keys the seller and server seems pointless since the seller who would end getting the funds. 
818 and this why you choose trustworthy markets and vendors. 
819 from fromage february pmwell its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses yes stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs unlocked separately with unique keys. 
819 suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. 
819 this bad idea for the server this. 
819 let just say that there more risk doing multisig than regular escrow and fact less risk because party hacker cannot steal everyones money. 
819 trusting the market choice you need make your own and you want deal directly with the vendor then outside the market. 
819 the market going give its customers the ability close deals while cutting out their market fees would not worth for the market. 
820 have unique problem someone stole password and tried pass themselves off and have had help resolving this issue created both pdxblack accounts the same time and worked very hard build name that solid agora with almost sales first month. 
820 the accounts had different keys but they are both mine. 
820 just dont want any the shit this guy pulled affect name also have tha name couple other markets. 
821 darknet nation never will ever have plans being marketplace. 
821 are bigger than marketplace. 
821 onion site reddit page. 
821 about the leak. 
821 have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak. 
821 use pidgin with otr google. 
821 onion reddit thehub and many other technologies disseminate information. 
821 btw amazon does accept vanilla visa and felt the perfect platform beta test our site before moving permanently. 
821 course will experience hiccups and roadblocks. 
821 this very ambitious project and were the very early stages development. 
821 the hidden onion has been addressed but will also hosting clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having suffer the lag the tor network. 
821 rome was not built day for those that can help feel free visit the site and start nation ueoc. 
822 before deeper would like everybody really read the following clearnet article regarding javascript and tor. 
822 com software tor project stop using windows disable javascript the vulnerability was patched mozilla later versions firefox but some people may still using the older versions the tor browser bundle. 
822 the bundles browser based firefox specially configured visit tor sites which have urls that look like. 
822 several tor browser bundle versions were fixed over four day period starting june. 
822 although the browser bundle will automatically check for new version possible that some users didnt upgrade which could have put them risk. 
822 although unconfirmed computer security experts have theorized the malware may have been used law enforcement collect information people who browsed certain tor websites supported company called freedom hosting. 
822 that hosting company believed connected year old man eric eoin marques. 
822 being held irish authorities pending extradition request from the. 
822 charges distributing and promoting child pornography according the irish publication the independent. 
822 really switching away from windows probably good security move for many reasons according security advisory posted monday the tor project. 
822 people using linux and were not affected but that doesnt mean they couldnt targeted the future. 
822 this wasnt the first firefox vulnerability nor will the last the tor project warned. 
822 know that windows isnt safe. 
822 and anyone using older version the tor browser bundle isnt safe. 
822 moral dump windows and upgrade your software javascript not huge chunk security. 
822 the fact that site uses javascript should not absolute non negotiable issue. 
822 the tor network and javascript are just tools along with pgp tails pidgin ssl multi signature transactions crypto currency and many many more that each user has his her disposal stay safewhile its true our. 
822 onion site uses javascript according this article does about the websites currently running. 
822 our site still functional even with javascript disabled. 
822 you will not have access certain areas the site but your experience still should enjoyable. 
822 use javascript for some the following captcha image file uploading free multi signature transaction app posting free classified ads instant messaging etc. 
822 although darknet nation does have and maintain. 
822 onion presence are actively working the clearnet aspect our movement. 
822 youd like help contribute please feel free visit our site and support darknet nation ueoc. 
823 can confirm that the first time moved large amont btc into agora was fucking scared shitless. 
823 while follwing and coins through saw chunk them coming out the other side from wallet different wallet. 
823 that scared the shit out but when nothing came that and large amount coins was safe realized that its how the tumbler works and thats fucking awesome. 
823 had outgoing transaction the blockchain from agora wallet that was getting confirmations and everything. 
823 didnt lose any coin but looked like was getting drained for about hour. 
823 this wasnt the case with coin transfers under. 
824 well far missing bitcoins have been agora for about week but have not made any transactions. 
824 saw the link today about missing bitcoins decided check out for myself. 
824 first deposited very little bitcoin agora wallet and then little more and finally the rest what need make purchase. 
824 all and all everything went bitcoins transfereed over about half hour give take and there not missing there still agora wallet. 
825 you might have better luck looking for the stolen bitcoins candy vending machine. 
826 would safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor. 
827 from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
828 from thekushlife february pmwhat does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum this currently being discussed. 
829 think makes valid point. 
830 btcs through escrow with issues recently showed about hour. 
830 not say that will happen like that ever time would nice thought have legit front market. 
831 from enctype february amwould safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
832 from patrick february amwhat about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
832 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
832 would this some kind safe solution because still needs connect the vpn from your home connection. 
832 the address the vpn hosting the hidden service ever discovered would not hard trace you. 
832 this exact thing happened dpr but did not host from home. 
832 even connected from computer cafe. 
832 they still found him. 
833 from enctype february amquote from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
833 examples please freedom hosting black goblin utopia. 
834 what about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
834 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
834 would this some kind safe solution. 
835 from gumby february pmfh wasnt hosted home. 
835 the server was france. 
835 the hosting provider believed ovh. 
835 none the servers were hosted home either but they were all discovered. 
835 the problem with hosting home that its undeniable you are the owner whereas you rent server anonymously then even your hidden service found they wont necessarily able find you. 
835 the point stupid host from home. 
836 another point should mention not use plastic bags plastic wrap etc stop odor. 
836 that and vac sealing not stop odor for more than few minutes. 
836 even triple sealing does very little and can smelled human let alone dog after hours. 
836 use mylar the minimum aluminum foil bags are even better. 
836 seal them with aluminum tape found home improvement centers world wide. 
836 also suggest using layers gloves. 
836 one cloth then external par nitrile gloves not latexthat will certainly work but need for pair gloves. 
836 one pair cotton will the job prints will get through that. 
836 latex nitrile will get hot hell you wear them for long same with other rubber substitutes. 
837 bandcamp those are good points. 
837 mirage you just repeated what said about plastic mylar foil. 
837 you can find gloves that fit closely there nothing wrong with wearing them just dont see the need. 
837 wearing gloves like having robot fingers that are super clumsy. 
837 nothing they can trace will through cotton glove you are only wearing long enough the packing. 
837 what are other ways stop odor from coming through. 
837 put the goods glass jar. 
837 put them tin some sort and tape carefully. 
837 pack them pvc. 
837 pack them abs other odor proof plastic. 
837 any other tips. 
838 well its not deathowl collecting for charity but modest scam effort none the less. 
839 from pothead february pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt considered scam marketplace they get pass because they help fund this forum didnt realize first you have different market. 
839 wont get pass from the community and are the ones that count. 
839 the problem with making prove scam that these admins hide their activities from impossible for prove anything. 
839 with this requirement proof nothing scam. 
839 imagine market takes all our money and the admin says his dog ate the bitcoin. 
839 that impossible just like theft transacion maleability but still can not prove that scam happened. 
839 can only prove that the bitcoins were not eaten maleable. 
840 title says all. 
840 since know admin fucked whats there theres bug loophole found. 
841 from thekushlife february pmwhat does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum this currently being discussed. 
842 weapon vending market owning very bad combination. 
843 ive been pestering people for week now. 
843 the discussion here empty for drugslist. 
843 wrong for not wanting discuss the other markets here. 
844 from cerver february pmquote from oldisgold february pmwhats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now bitcoinfog would say that bitcoinfog the best. 
844 info privides shared send and believe its also quite good. 
844 youre really paranoid you can chain them like you btc fog you shared send you but its also more expensive. 
844 also think that bitcoinfog requires minimum deposit. 
844 btc which isnt that much youre placing big order but should kept mind nonetheless. 
845 own case ship firearms. 
845 ship pieces and ironically the receiver the only piece thats actually illegal ship. 
845 any handling the gun with pairs gloves. 
845 thoroughly wipe each piece down with gun oil then lint free cloth before putting bubble mailer possible trace prints. 
845 use different types labels different fonts with business label shipping templates. 
845 yeah kind anal about. 
845 the more professional you make your packages look the less likely they are arouse suspicion. 
845 live larger metropolitan city what have list all the apartment complexes mile radius. 
845 keep track how often use each one. 
845 use fake name and simply dont put apartment number the return address. 
845 take each package different post office each time. 
845 keeping track which ones. 
845 before walking into the post office wipe the mailer down then bring holding between index and thumb. 
845 swing back and forth people don wonder why carrying like that. 
845 handing the clerk slide fingers opposite each hard which gets rid any print that might have been there. 
845 yeah again anal. 
845 lol with the receiver wrap sticky lead tape make look like anything except receiver gun case gets rayed. 
845 normally throw other stuff the packages too that are made metal. 
845 never had one not make. 
846 well far missing bitcoins have been agora for about week but have not made any transactions. 
846 saw the link today about missing bitcoins decided check out for myself. 
846 first deposited very little bitcoin agora wallet and then little more and finally the rest what need make purchase. 
846 all and all everything went bitcoins transfereed over about half hour give take and there not missing there still agora wallet. 
847 can confirm that the first time moved large amont btc into agora was fucking scared shitless. 
847 while follwing and coins through saw chunk them coming out the other side from wallet different wallet. 
847 that scared the shit out but when nothing came that and large amount coins was safe realized that its how the tumbler works and thats fucking awesome. 
847 had outgoing transaction the blockchain from agora wallet that was getting confirmations and everything. 
847 didnt lose any coin but looked like was getting drained for about hour. 
847 this wasnt the case with coin transfers under. 
848 btcs through escrow with issues recently showed about hour. 
848 not say that will happen like that ever time would nice thought have legit front market. 
849 would safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor. 
850 from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
851 title says all. 
851 since know admin fucked whats there theres bug loophole found. 
852 trying wrap head around this whole multisig thing and think got down mostly but not sure about parts hopefully someone here can help out. 
852 the main concern have mostly about the security because for what know relies party create multisig address right now what guarantee have that this party uses the public key provided. 
852 and what guarantee have that this address indeed multisig and not something else there any way verifying this and how. 
853 alright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time. 
854 well its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses. 
855 thx that explains lot. 
856 ive been pestering people for week now. 
856 the discussion here empty for drugslist. 
856 wrong for not wanting discuss the other markets here. 
857 black mailed allow scamno matter how much improves cant trusted. 
858 from floydy february pmquote from evilgrin february pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
858 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
858 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
858 quite frankly dont know why bothered. 
858 two days ago posted this response your questionsquote from floydy february pmkeep eye. 
858 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
858 did you skip what wrote did you actually read when you were fucked drugs cant remember thanks for your contribution the community. 
858 guess missed that. 
858 sorry dude must have been reading fast. 
858 legit didnt see please feel free neg karma. 
859 tonight gox owner resigned from his position the bitcoin foundations board directors. 
859 whale put bitcoins bitstamp mil usd worth about btc and like them got bought then the price fell some. 
859 theory gox insiders who are able withdraw coins from gox are buying gox and then selling other exchanges and depressing the prices. 
859 not new theory course. 
859 since btc has rules not even sure illegal. 
859 true hope gox profiteering rebuild its funds gox can reopen solvent. 
859 hope not just going rogue and ripping everyone off and hurting coin values well. 
859 wonder the whale bitstamp tonight gox insiders buying coins from themselves move the coins new wallets and break the evidence trail where the coins came from not sure that would work really but. 
860 ask the next man provide the other public keys then generate the address will begin with and see matches the payment address gave you. 
860 doesnt trying scam you. 
860 make sure tells you what order passed the addresses try all permutations yourself. 
860 you can generate the addresses electrum bitcoind. 
861 darknet nation never will ever have plans being marketplace. 
861 are bigger than marketplace. 
861 onion site reddit page. 
861 about the leak. 
861 have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak. 
861 use pidgin with otr google. 
861 onion reddit thehub and many other technologies disseminate information. 
861 btw amazon does accept vanilla visa and felt the perfect platform beta test our site before moving permanently. 
861 course will experience hiccups and roadblocks. 
861 this very ambitious project and were the very early stages development. 
861 the hidden onion has been addressed but will also hosting clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having suffer the lag the tor network. 
861 rome was not built day for those that can help feel free visit the site and start nation ueoc. 
862 weapon vending market owning very bad combination. 
863 thank you calcium. 
864 from flaxceed february amfortunately now can just use agora pandora and forget about the nightmare that was. 
864 yes there werent other options available guess guess would undertand the wrenching hair and dressing whole cloth wailing away the loss their market place but there are vendors the other markets and running and doing fines. 
864 ive been using agora for the past month and problems yet. 
864 ever becomes problem off use pandora any other ones around. 
864 when gets its shit together then folks want they can back the. 
864 until that happens for the most part will continue check and see movement being made fix things then will decide bring business back. 
864 doesnt have like. 
864 high school girls getting the vapors over the whole damn thing. 
864 move another market for now. 
864 have placed few orders agora and everything seems work just fine. 
864 problems have been seeing havent had effect. 
864 right now this marketplace. 
865 yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
865 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
865 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
866 from fromage february pmalright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time yes technically you could. 
866 but really would not make much sense. 
866 using the old system escrow you are putting trust that the server going pay out the money the seller refund you there dispute. 
866 this case you are just placing trust that the server creating multisignature address that releasable either you the seller. 
866 you intend paying for your item then what concerns you have requesting the public keys the seller and server seems pointless since the seller who would end getting the funds. 
866 and this why you choose trustworthy markets and vendors. 
867 from fromage february pmwell its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses yes stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs unlocked separately with unique keys. 
867 suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. 
867 this bad idea for the server this. 
867 let just say that there more risk doing multisig than regular escrow and fact less risk because party hacker cannot steal everyones money. 
867 trusting the market choice you need make your own and you want deal directly with the vendor then outside the market. 
867 the market going give its customers the ability close deals while cutting out their market fees would not worth for the market. 
868 from thekushlife february pmwhat does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum this currently being discussed. 
869 before deeper would like everybody really read the following clearnet article regarding javascript and tor. 
869 com software tor project stop using windows disable javascript the vulnerability was patched mozilla later versions firefox but some people may still using the older versions the tor browser bundle. 
869 the bundles browser based firefox specially configured visit tor sites which have urls that look like. 
869 several tor browser bundle versions were fixed over four day period starting june. 
869 although the browser bundle will automatically check for new version possible that some users didnt upgrade which could have put them risk. 
869 although unconfirmed computer security experts have theorized the malware may have been used law enforcement collect information people who browsed certain tor websites supported company called freedom hosting. 
869 that hosting company believed connected year old man eric eoin marques. 
869 being held irish authorities pending extradition request from the. 
869 charges distributing and promoting child pornography according the irish publication the independent. 
869 really switching away from windows probably good security move for many reasons according security advisory posted monday the tor project. 
869 people using linux and were not affected but that doesnt mean they couldnt targeted the future. 
869 this wasnt the first firefox vulnerability nor will the last the tor project warned. 
869 know that windows isnt safe. 
869 and anyone using older version the tor browser bundle isnt safe. 
869 moral dump windows and upgrade your software javascript not huge chunk security. 
869 the fact that site uses javascript should not absolute non negotiable issue. 
869 the tor network and javascript are just tools along with pgp tails pidgin ssl multi signature transactions crypto currency and many many more that each user has his her disposal stay safewhile its true our. 
869 onion site uses javascript according this article does about the websites currently running. 
869 our site still functional even with javascript disabled. 
869 you will not have access certain areas the site but your experience still should enjoyable. 
869 use javascript for some the following captcha image file uploading free multi signature transaction app posting free classified ads instant messaging etc. 
869 although darknet nation does have and maintain. 
869 onion presence are actively working the clearnet aspect our movement. 
869 youd like help contribute please feel free visit our site and support darknet nation ueoc. 
870 well its not deathowl collecting for charity but modest scam effort none the less. 
871 own case ship firearms. 
871 ship pieces and ironically the receiver the only piece thats actually illegal ship. 
871 any handling the gun with pairs gloves. 
871 thoroughly wipe each piece down with gun oil then lint free cloth before putting bubble mailer possible trace prints. 
871 use different types labels different fonts with business label shipping templates. 
871 yeah kind anal about. 
871 the more professional you make your packages look the less likely they are arouse suspicion. 
871 live larger metropolitan city what have list all the apartment complexes mile radius. 
871 keep track how often use each one. 
871 use fake name and simply dont put apartment number the return address. 
871 take each package different post office each time. 
871 keeping track which ones. 
871 before walking into the post office wipe the mailer down then bring holding between index and thumb. 
871 swing back and forth people don wonder why carrying like that. 
871 handing the clerk slide fingers opposite each hard which gets rid any print that might have been there. 
871 yeah again anal. 
871 lol with the receiver wrap sticky lead tape make look like anything except receiver gun case gets rayed. 
871 normally throw other stuff the packages too that are made metal. 
871 never had one not make. 
872 from pothead february pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt considered scam marketplace they get pass because they help fund this forum didnt realize first you have different market. 
872 wont get pass from the community and are the ones that count. 
872 the problem with making prove scam that these admins hide their activities from impossible for prove anything. 
872 with this requirement proof nothing scam. 
872 imagine market takes all our money and the admin says his dog ate the bitcoin. 
872 that impossible just like theft transacion maleability but still can not prove that scam happened. 
872 can only prove that the bitcoins were not eaten maleable. 
873 think makes valid point. 
874 from delysid february pmim not big fan this new post mostly trend signing messages forums. 
874 removes all plausible deniability regarding was actually you posting. 
874 someone really needs know youre you they could just send you pgp message using the old key better yet double encrypted wrapping one the other. 
875 catharsis that pretty much says all. 
875 agora still number one think. 
875 pandora seems bit too slow. 
876 didnt see douchey but more lesson subtlety. 
877 yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
877 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
877 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
878 ive been pestering people for week now. 
878 the discussion here empty for drugslist. 
878 wrong for not wanting discuss the other markets here. 
879 you might have better luck looking for the stolen bitcoins candy vending machine. 
880 believe shared send option has now been removed from blockchain. 
881 from thekushlife february pmwhat does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum this currently being discussed. 
882 weapon vending market owning very bad combination. 
883 believe shared send option has now been removed from blockchain. 
884 yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
884 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
884 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
885 thank you calcium. 
886 black mailed allow scamno matter how much improves cant trusted. 
887 didnt see douchey but more lesson subtlety. 
888 catharsis that pretty much says all. 
888 agora still number one think. 
888 pandora seems bit too slow. 
889 from cerver february pmquote from oldisgold february pmwhats the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now blond wigfog would say that bitcoinfog the best. 
889 info privides shared send and believe its also quite good. 
889 youre really paranoid you can chain them like you btc fog you shared send you but its also more expensive. 
889 also think that bitcoinfog requires minimum deposit. 
889 btc which isnt that much youre placing big order but should kept mind nonetheless. 
890 from enctype february amquote from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
890 examples please utopia. 
891 was ovh france. 
891 and based opdarknet logs and their owners posts clearnet forums fairly confident they were using virtual isolation. 
891 and however they got caught fairly sure wasnt because they incorrectly isolated their server instances. 
891 with almost any security decision its balancing risks and rewards. 
891 vps based hosting gives you the risk being discovered the vps provider assuming youre doing something the provider cares about and the box gets hacked itll get deanonymized. 
891 you balance that with the awareness that vps environment should disposable with nothing tie its owner. 
891 course you cant ensure the integrity any your data onion key that environment plan accordingly. 
891 hosting home seems stupid once youre deanonymized. 
891 but you can effectively use physical isolation and right you are probably much more resistant being deanonymized the first place. 
891 dont think thats crazy idea people think but you better damned sure youre doing right you that route. 
891 theres not perfect solution. 
891 anonymously renting dedicated server and using hypervisor provide isolation probably the best balance. 
892 alright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time. 
893 from floydy february pmquote from evilgrin february pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
893 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
893 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
893 quite frankly dont know why bothered. 
893 two days ago posted this response your questionsquote from floydy february pmkeep eye. 
893 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
893 did you skip what wrote did you actually read when you were fucked drugs cant remember thanks for your contribution the community. 
893 guess missed that. 
893 sorry dude must have been reading fast. 
893 legit didnt see please feel free neg karma. 
894 tonight gox owner resigned from his position the bitcoin foundations board directors. 
894 whale put bitcoins bitstamp mil usd worth about btc and like them got bought then the price fell some. 
894 theory gox insiders who are able withdraw coins from gox are buying gox and then selling other exchanges and depressing the prices. 
894 not new theory course. 
894 since btc has rules not even sure illegal. 
894 true hope gox profiteering rebuild its funds gox can reopen solvent. 
894 hope not just going rogue and ripping everyone off and hurting coin values well. 
894 wonder the whale bitstamp tonight gox insiders buying coins from themselves move the coins new wallets and break the evidence trail where the coins came from not sure that would work really but. 
895 trying wrap head around this whole multisig thing and think got down mostly but not sure about parts hopefully someone here can help out. 
895 the main concern have mostly about the security because for what know relies party create multisig address right now what guarantee have that this party uses the public key provided. 
895 and what guarantee have that this address indeed multisig and not something else there any way verifying this and how. 
896 well its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses. 
897 thx that explains lot. 
898 ive been pestering people for week now. 
898 the discussion here empty for drugslist. 
898 wrong for not wanting discuss the other markets here. 
899 hard take someone nice person for you presume its about pming was because hell yeah who doesnt like free btcs but the bigger point was people should make sure commissions their vendors sign respect summit. 
899 dont know what mean but wasnt scamming. 
900 from sorrymario february amwell its not deathowl collecting for charity but modest scam effort none the less. 
900 snap you beat too. 
901 think there referral commission place should not fill the pockets other markets. 
901 should all join under referral link from our favorite vendor that agora and silkroad those who are helping this community who has suffered the most from the theft. 
901 why not use this disaster small positive try fix our marketplace rather than line the pockets people who will use our paranoid natures darknet dwellers way profit our misfortune. 
901 everyone has probably got account already but not for referral but would much rather people change accounts account that gives commission the good members the darkweb community. 
902 from gumby february pmfh wasnt hosted home. 
902 the server was france. 
902 the hosting provider believed ovh. 
902 none the servers were hosted home either but they were all discovered. 
902 the problem with hosting home that its undeniable you are the owner whereas you rent server anonymously then even your hidden service found they wont necessarily able find you. 
902 the point stupid host from home. 
903 from enctype february amquote from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
903 examples please freedom hosting black goblin utopia. 
904 from patrick february amwhat about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
904 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
904 would this some kind safe solution because still needs connect the vpn from your home connection. 
904 the address the vpn hosting the hidden service ever discovered would not hard trace you. 
904 this exact thing happened dpr but did not host from home. 
904 even connected from computer cafe. 
904 they still found him. 
905 what about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
905 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
905 would this some kind safe solution. 
906 from enctype february amwould safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
907 from enctype february amquote from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
907 examples please utopia. 
908 was ovh france. 
908 and based opdarknet logs and their owners posts clearnet forums fairly confident they were using virtual isolation. 
908 and however they got caught fairly sure wasnt because they incorrectly isolated their server instances. 
908 with almost any security decision its balancing risks and rewards. 
908 vps based hosting gives you the risk being discovered the vps provider assuming youre doing something the provider cares about and the box gets hacked itll get deanonymized. 
908 you balance that with the awareness that vps environment should disposable with nothing tie its owner. 
908 course you cant ensure the integrity any your data onion key that environment plan accordingly. 
908 hosting home seems stupid once youre deanonymized. 
908 but you can effectively use physical isolation and right you are probably much more resistant being deanonymized the first place. 
908 dont think thats crazy idea people think but you better damned sure youre doing right you that route. 
908 theres not perfect solution. 
908 anonymously renting dedicated server and using hypervisor provide isolation probably the best balance. 
909 from delysid february pmi'm not big fan this new post mostly trend signing messages forums. 
909 removes all plausible deniability regarding was actually you posting. 
909 someone really needs know you're you they could just send you pgp message using the old key better yet double encrypted wrapping one the other. 
910 thats the spirit. 
911 think makes valid point. 
912 would safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor. 
913 from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
914 trying wrap head around this whole multisig thing and think got down mostly but not sure about parts hopefully someone here can help out. 
914 the main concern have mostly about the security because for what know relies party create multisig address right now what guarantee have that this party uses the public key provided. 
914 and what guarantee have that this address indeed multisig and not something else there any way verifying this and how. 
915 alright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time. 
916 thx that explains lot. 
917 black mailed allow scamno matter how much improves cant trusted. 
918 you want try out the torescrow dont want run the risk loosing your coin check out team fbg has few products offer the moment mainly xanax and nbomes. 
918 will also have our listings for domestic mdma focus smaller user amount using full escrow dont dont require minimum purchase you want spend and try out torescrow check out thanks. 
919 darknet nation never will ever have plans being marketplace. 
919 are bigger than marketplace. 
919 onion site reddit page. 
919 about the leak. 
919 have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak. 
919 use pidgin with otr google. 
919 onion reddit thehub and many other technologies disseminate information. 
919 btw amazon does accept vanilla visa and felt the perfect platform beta test our site before moving permanently. 
919 course will experience hiccups and roadblocks. 
919 this very ambitious project and were the very early stages development. 
919 the hidden onion has been addressed but will also hosting clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having suffer the lag the tor network. 
919 rome was not built day for those that can help feel free visit the site and start nation ueoc. 
920 before deeper would like everybody really read the following clearnet article regarding javascript and tor. 
920 com software tor project stop using windows disable javascript the vulnerability was patched mozilla later versions firefox but some people may still using the older versions the tor browser bundle. 
920 the bundles browser based firefox specially configured visit tor sites which have urls that look like. 
920 several tor browser bundle versions were fixed over four day period starting june. 
920 although the browser bundle will automatically check for new version possible that some users didnt upgrade which could have put them risk. 
920 although unconfirmed computer security experts have theorized the malware may have been used law enforcement collect information people who browsed certain tor websites supported company called freedom hosting. 
920 that hosting company believed connected year old man eric eoin marques. 
920 being held irish authorities pending extradition request from the. 
920 charges distributing and promoting child pornography according the irish publication the independent. 
920 really switching away from windows probably good security move for many reasons according security advisory posted monday the tor project. 
920 people using linux and were not affected but that doesnt mean they couldnt targeted the future. 
920 this wasnt the first firefox vulnerability nor will the last the tor project warned. 
920 know that windows isnt safe. 
920 and anyone using older version the tor browser bundle isnt safe. 
920 moral dump windows and upgrade your software javascript not huge chunk security. 
920 the fact that site uses javascript should not absolute non negotiable issue. 
920 the tor network and javascript are just tools along with pgp tails pidgin ssl multi signature transactions crypto currency and many many more that each user has his her disposal stay safewhile its true our. 
920 onion site uses javascript according this article does about the websites currently running. 
920 our site still functional even with javascript disabled. 
920 you will not have access certain areas the site but your experience still should enjoyable. 
920 use javascript for some the following captcha image file uploading free multi signature transaction app posting free classified ads instant messaging etc. 
920 although darknet nation does have and maintain. 
920 onion presence are actively working the clearnet aspect our movement. 
920 youd like help contribute please feel free visit our site and support darknet nation ueoc. 
921 can confirm that the first time moved large amont btc into agora was fucking scared shitless. 
921 while follwing and coins through saw chunk them coming out the other side from wallet different wallet. 
921 that scared the shit out but when nothing came that and large amount coins was safe realized that its how the tumbler works and thats fucking awesome. 
921 had outgoing transaction the blockchain from agora wallet that was getting confirmations and everything. 
921 didnt lose any coin but looked like was getting drained for about hour. 
921 this wasnt the case with coin transfers under. 
922 well far missing bitcoins have been agora for about week but have not made any transactions. 
922 saw the link today about missing bitcoins decided check out for myself. 
922 first deposited very little bitcoin agora wallet and then little more and finally the rest what need make purchase. 
922 all and all everything went bitcoins transfereed over about half hour give take and there not missing there still agora wallet. 
923 ask the next man provide the other public keys then generate the address will begin with and see matches the payment address gave you. 
923 doesnt trying scam you. 
923 make sure tells you what order passed the addresses try all permutations yourself. 
923 you can generate the addresses electrum bitcoind. 
924 btcs through escrow with issues recently showed about hour. 
924 not say that will happen like that ever time would nice thought have legit front market. 
925 would safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor. 
926 from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
927 title says all. 
927 since know admin fucked whats there theres bug loophole found. 
928 trying wrap head around this whole multisig thing and think got down mostly but not sure about parts hopefully someone here can help out. 
928 the main concern have mostly about the security because for what know relies party create multisig address right now what guarantee have that this party uses the public key provided. 
928 and what guarantee have that this address indeed multisig and not something else there any way verifying this and how. 
929 alright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time. 
930 well its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses. 
931 thx that explains lot. 
932 ive been pestering people for week now. 
932 the discussion here empty for drugslist. 
932 wrong for not wanting discuss the other markets here. 
933 black mailed allow scamno matter how much improves cant trusted. 
934 from floydy february pmquote from evilgrin february pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars. 
934 lolthere this site found bitcoinbuilder. 
934 com where you can buy gox btc with real your wallet btc the hopes they resume withdraws. 
934 quite frankly dont know why bothered. 
934 two days ago posted this response your questionsquote from floydy february pmkeep eye. 
934 com this virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells what the market thinks. 
934 did you skip what wrote did you actually read when you were fucked drugs cant remember thanks for your contribution the community. 
934 guess missed that. 
934 sorry dude must have been reading fast. 
934 legit didnt see please feel free neg karma. 
935 tonight gox owner resigned from his position the bitcoin foundations board directors. 
935 whale put bitcoins bitstamp mil usd worth about btc and like them got bought then the price fell some. 
935 theory gox insiders who are able withdraw coins from gox are buying gox and then selling other exchanges and depressing the prices. 
935 not new theory course. 
935 since btc has rules not even sure illegal. 
935 true hope gox profiteering rebuild its funds gox can reopen solvent. 
935 hope not just going rogue and ripping everyone off and hurting coin values well. 
935 wonder the whale bitstamp tonight gox insiders buying coins from themselves move the coins new wallets and break the evidence trail where the coins came from not sure that would work really but. 
936 ask the next man provide the other public keys then generate the address will begin with and see matches the payment address gave you. 
936 doesnt trying scam you. 
936 make sure tells you what order passed the addresses try all permutations yourself. 
936 you can generate the addresses electrum bitcoind. 
937 darknet nation never will ever have plans being marketplace. 
937 are bigger than marketplace. 
937 onion site reddit page. 
937 about the leak. 
937 have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak. 
937 use pidgin with otr google. 
937 onion reddit thehub and many other technologies disseminate information. 
937 btw amazon does accept vanilla visa and felt the perfect platform beta test our site before moving permanently. 
937 course will experience hiccups and roadblocks. 
937 this very ambitious project and were the very early stages development. 
937 the hidden onion has been addressed but will also hosting clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having suffer the lag the tor network. 
937 rome was not built day for those that can help feel free visit the site and start nation ueoc. 
938 weapon vending market owning very bad combination. 
939 thank you calcium. 
940 from flaxceed february amfortunately now can just use agora pandora and forget about the nightmare that was. 
940 yes there werent other options available guess guess would undertand the wrenching hair and dressing whole cloth wailing away the loss their market place but there are vendors the other markets and running and doing fines. 
940 ive been using agora for the past month and problems yet. 
940 ever becomes problem off use pandora any other ones around. 
940 when gets its shit together then folks want they can back the. 
940 until that happens for the most part will continue check and see movement being made fix things then will decide bring business back. 
940 doesnt have like. 
940 high school girls getting the vapors over the whole damn thing. 
940 move another market for now. 
940 have placed few orders agora and everything seems work just fine. 
940 problems have been seeing havent had effect. 
940 right now this marketplace. 
941 yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
941 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
941 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
942 from fromage february pmalright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time yes technically you could. 
942 but really would not make much sense. 
942 using the old system escrow you are putting trust that the server going pay out the money the seller refund you there dispute. 
942 this case you are just placing trust that the server creating multisignature address that releasable either you the seller. 
942 you intend paying for your item then what concerns you have requesting the public keys the seller and server seems pointless since the seller who would end getting the funds. 
942 and this why you choose trustworthy markets and vendors. 
943 from fromage february pmwell its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses yes stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs unlocked separately with unique keys. 
943 suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. 
943 this bad idea for the server this. 
943 let just say that there more risk doing multisig than regular escrow and fact less risk because party hacker cannot steal everyones money. 
943 trusting the market choice you need make your own and you want deal directly with the vendor then outside the market. 
943 the market going give its customers the ability close deals while cutting out their market fees would not worth for the market. 
944 from thekushlife february pmwhat does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum this currently being discussed. 
945 before deeper would like everybody really read the following clearnet article regarding javascript and tor. 
945 com software tor project stop using windows disable javascript the vulnerability was patched mozilla later versions firefox but some people may still using the older versions the tor browser bundle. 
945 the bundles browser based firefox specially configured visit tor sites which have urls that look like. 
945 several tor browser bundle versions were fixed over four day period starting june. 
945 although the browser bundle will automatically check for new version possible that some users didnt upgrade which could have put them risk. 
945 although unconfirmed computer security experts have theorized the malware may have been used law enforcement collect information people who browsed certain tor websites supported company called freedom hosting. 
945 that hosting company believed connected year old man eric eoin marques. 
945 being held irish authorities pending extradition request from the. 
945 charges distributing and promoting child pornography according the irish publication the independent. 
945 really switching away from windows probably good security move for many reasons according security advisory posted monday the tor project. 
945 people using linux and were not affected but that doesnt mean they couldnt targeted the future. 
945 this wasnt the first firefox vulnerability nor will the last the tor project warned. 
945 know that windows isnt safe. 
945 and anyone using older version the tor browser bundle isnt safe. 
945 moral dump windows and upgrade your software javascript not huge chunk security. 
945 the fact that site uses javascript should not absolute non negotiable issue. 
945 the tor network and javascript are just tools along with pgp tails pidgin ssl multi signature transactions crypto currency and many many more that each user has his her disposal stay safewhile its true our. 
945 onion site uses javascript according this article does about the websites currently running. 
945 our site still functional even with javascript disabled. 
945 you will not have access certain areas the site but your experience still should enjoyable. 
945 use javascript for some the following captcha image file uploading free multi signature transaction app posting free classified ads instant messaging etc. 
945 although darknet nation does have and maintain. 
945 onion presence are actively working the clearnet aspect our movement. 
945 youd like help contribute please feel free visit our site and support darknet nation ueoc. 
946 well its not deathowl collecting for charity but modest scam effort none the less. 
947 own case ship firearms. 
947 ship pieces and ironically the receiver the only piece thats actually illegal ship. 
947 any handling the gun with pairs gloves. 
947 thoroughly wipe each piece down with gun oil then lint free cloth before putting bubble mailer possible trace prints. 
947 use different types labels different fonts with business label shipping templates. 
947 yeah kind anal about. 
947 the more professional you make your packages look the less likely they are arouse suspicion. 
947 live larger metropolitan city what have list all the apartment complexes mile radius. 
947 keep track how often use each one. 
947 use fake name and simply dont put apartment number the return address. 
947 take each package different post office each time. 
947 keeping track which ones. 
947 before walking into the post office wipe the mailer down then bring holding between index and thumb. 
947 swing back and forth people don wonder why carrying like that. 
947 handing the clerk slide fingers opposite each hard which gets rid any print that might have been there. 
947 yeah again anal. 
947 lol with the receiver wrap sticky lead tape make look like anything except receiver gun case gets rayed. 
947 normally throw other stuff the packages too that are made metal. 
947 never had one not make. 
948 from pothead february pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt considered scam marketplace they get pass because they help fund this forum didnt realize first you have different market. 
948 wont get pass from the community and are the ones that count. 
948 the problem with making prove scam that these admins hide their activities from impossible for prove anything. 
948 with this requirement proof nothing scam. 
948 imagine market takes all our money and the admin says his dog ate the bitcoin. 
948 that impossible just like theft transacion maleability but still can not prove that scam happened. 
948 can only prove that the bitcoins were not eaten maleable. 
949 think makes valid point. 
950 have unique problem someone stole password and tried pass themselves off and have had help resolving this issue created both pdxblack accounts the same time and worked very hard build name that solid agora with almost sales first month. 
950 the accounts had different keys but they are both mine. 
950 just dont want any the shit this guy pulled affect name also have tha name couple other markets. 
951 bandcamp those are good points. 
951 mirage you just repeated what said about plastic mylar foil. 
951 you can find gloves that fit closely there nothing wrong with wearing them just dont see the need. 
951 wearing gloves like having robot fingers that are super clumsy. 
951 nothing they can trace will through cotton glove you are only wearing long enough the packing. 
951 what are other ways stop odor from coming through. 
951 put the goods glass jar. 
951 put them tin some sort and tape carefully. 
951 pack them pvc. 
951 pack them abs other odor proof plastic. 
951 any other tips. 
952 another point should mention not use plastic bags plastic wrap etc stop odor. 
952 that and vac sealing not stop odor for more than few minutes. 
952 even triple sealing does very little and can smelled human let alone dog after hours. 
952 use mylar the minimum aluminum foil bags are even better. 
952 seal them with aluminum tape found home improvement centers world wide. 
952 also suggest using layers gloves. 
952 one cloth then external par nitrile gloves not latexthat will certainly work but need for pair gloves. 
952 one pair cotton will the job prints will get through that. 
952 latex nitrile will get hot hell you wear them for long same with other rubber substitutes. 
953 from ueoc february amwe darknet nation never will ever have plans being marketplace. 
953 are bigger than marketplace. 
953 onion site reddit page. 
953 about the leak. 
953 have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak. 
953 use pidgin with otr google. 
953 onion reddit thehub and many other technologies disseminate information. 
953 btw amazon does accept vanilla visa and felt the perfect platform beta test our site before moving permanently. 
953 course will experience hiccups and roadblocks. 
953 this very ambitious project and were the very early stages development. 
953 the hidden onion has been addressed but will also hosting clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having suffer the lag the tor network. 
953 rome was not built day for those that can help feel free visit the site and start nation ueoc. 
953 onionno mention javascript there. 
953 for most people operating the tor browser the lack absolute non negotiable prerequisite taking onion site seriously. 
953 can you explain why people should sacrifice such huge chunk security for whatever bells whistles your site require please please dont get wrong here your intentions are honorable then wish you every success possible its just that its anathema tor users enable think some kind transparency required regarding the function your site. 
954 howdy took look their site and some info they posted before. 
954 believe they are using client side javascript library that produces bitcoin private public keys. 
954 com darknet nation darknetmarket social network cheers. 
955 didnt see douchey but more lesson subtlety. 
956 you might have better luck looking for the stolen bitcoins candy vending machine. 
957 you want try out the torescrow dont want run the risk loosing your coin check out team fbg has few products offer the moment mainly xanax and nbomes. 
957 will also have our listings for domestic mdma focus smaller user amount using full escrow dont dont require minimum purchase you want spend and try out torescrow check out thanks. 
958 catharsis that pretty much says all. 
958 agora still number one think. 
958 pandora seems bit too slow. 
959 hard take someone nice person for you presume its about pming was because hell yeah who doesnt like free btcs but the bigger point was people should make sure commissions their vendors sign respect summit. 
959 dont know what mean but wasnt scamming. 
960 from sorrymario february amwell its not deathowl collecting for charity but modest scam effort none the less. 
960 snap you beat too. 
961 think there referral commission place should not fill the pockets other markets. 
961 should all join under referral link from our favorite vendor that agora and silkroad those who are helping this community who has suffered the most from the theft. 
961 why not use this disaster small positive try fix our marketplace rather than line the pockets people who will use our paranoid natures darknet dwellers way profit our misfortune. 
961 everyone has probably got account already but not for referral but would much rather people change accounts account that gives commission the good members the darkweb community. 
962 from gumby february pmfh wasnt hosted home. 
962 the server was france. 
962 the hosting provider believed ovh. 
962 none the servers were hosted home either but they were all discovered. 
962 the problem with hosting home that its undeniable you are the owner whereas you rent server anonymously then even your hidden service found they wont necessarily able find you. 
962 the point stupid host from home. 
963 from enctype february amquote from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
963 examples please freedom hosting black goblin utopia. 
964 from patrick february amwhat about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
964 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
964 would this some kind safe solution because still needs connect the vpn from your home connection. 
964 the address the vpn hosting the hidden service ever discovered would not hard trace you. 
964 this exact thing happened dpr but did not host from home. 
964 even connected from computer cafe. 
964 they still found him. 
965 what about theory you host your home but the machine which the hidden service resides can only access the internet through anonymous vpn service lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own since the network device. 
965 router that routes all communication through the vpn channel and separates this machines segment from all other internal communication. 
965 would this some kind safe solution. 
966 from enctype february amwould safest then host your hidden service your own using your own servers using something like whonix similar setup this the safest way how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need how much would large marketplace site need and perhaps most importantly would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected tor you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
967 from enctype february amquote from jolly roger february amif you are talking about hosting hidden services home can tell you that the majority people getting busted hosted from home. 
967 examples please utopia. 
968 was ovh france. 
968 and based opdarknet logs and their owners posts clearnet forums fairly confident they were using virtual isolation. 
968 and however they got caught fairly sure wasnt because they incorrectly isolated their server instances. 
968 with almost any security decision its balancing risks and rewards. 
968 vps based hosting gives you the risk being discovered the vps provider assuming youre doing something the provider cares about and the box gets hacked itll get deanonymized. 
968 you balance that with the awareness that vps environment should disposable with nothing tie its owner. 
968 course you cant ensure the integrity any your data onion key that environment plan accordingly. 
968 hosting home seems stupid once youre deanonymized. 
968 but you can effectively use physical isolation and right you are probably much more resistant being deanonymized the first place. 
968 dont think thats crazy idea people think but you better damned sure youre doing right you that route. 
968 theres not perfect solution. 
968 anonymously renting dedicated server and using hypervisor provide isolation probably the best balance. 
969 ask the next man provide the other public keys then generate the address will begin with and see matches the payment address gave you. 
969 doesnt trying scam you. 
969 make sure tells you what order passed the addresses try all permutations yourself. 
969 you can generate the addresses electrum bitcoind. 
970 darknet nation never will ever have plans being marketplace. 
970 are bigger than marketplace. 
970 onion site reddit page. 
970 about the leak. 
970 have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak. 
970 use pidgin with otr google. 
970 onion reddit thehub and many other technologies disseminate information. 
970 btw amazon does accept vanilla visa and felt the perfect platform beta test our site before moving permanently. 
970 course will experience hiccups and roadblocks. 
970 this very ambitious project and were the very early stages development. 
970 the hidden onion has been addressed but will also hosting clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having suffer the lag the tor network. 
970 rome was not built day for those that can help feel free visit the site and start nation ueoc. 
971 weapon vending market owning very bad combination. 
972 thank you calcium. 
973 from flaxceed february amfortunately now can just use agora pandora and forget about the nightmare that was. 
973 yes there werent other options available guess guess would undertand the wrenching hair and dressing whole cloth wailing away the loss their market place but there are vendors the other markets and running and doing fines. 
973 ive been using agora for the past month and problems yet. 
973 ever becomes problem off use pandora any other ones around. 
973 when gets its shit together then folks want they can back the. 
973 until that happens for the most part will continue check and see movement being made fix things then will decide bring business back. 
973 doesnt have like. 
973 high school girls getting the vapors over the whole damn thing. 
973 move another market for now. 
973 have placed few orders agora and everything seems work just fine. 
973 problems have been seeing havent had effect. 
973 right now this marketplace. 
974 yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
974 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
974 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
975 from fromage february pmalright thx want order something from tmp any other market that has multsig have ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time yes technically you could. 
975 but really would not make much sense. 
975 using the old system escrow you are putting trust that the server going pay out the money the seller refund you there dispute. 
975 this case you are just placing trust that the server creating multisignature address that releasable either you the seller. 
975 you intend paying for your item then what concerns you have requesting the public keys the seller and server seems pointless since the seller who would end getting the funds. 
975 and this why you choose trustworthy markets and vendors. 
976 from fromage february pmwell its all about trust the end there any point multisig addresses yes stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs unlocked separately with unique keys. 
976 suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. 
976 this bad idea for the server this. 
976 let just say that there more risk doing multisig than regular escrow and fact less risk because party hacker cannot steal everyones money. 
976 trusting the market choice you need make your own and you want deal directly with the vendor then outside the market. 
976 the market going give its customers the ability close deals while cutting out their market fees would not worth for the market. 
977 from thekushlife february pmwhat does take for new marketplace get its own sub forum this currently being discussed. 
978 before deeper would like everybody really read the following clearnet article regarding javascript and tor. 
978 com software tor project stop using windows disable javascript the vulnerability was patched mozilla later versions firefox but some people may still using the older versions the tor browser bundle. 
978 the bundles browser based firefox specially configured visit tor sites which have urls that look like. 
978 several tor browser bundle versions were fixed over four day period starting june. 
978 although the browser bundle will automatically check for new version possible that some users didnt upgrade which could have put them risk. 
978 although unconfirmed computer security experts have theorized the malware may have been used law enforcement collect information people who browsed certain tor websites supported company called freedom hosting. 
978 that hosting company believed connected year old man eric eoin marques. 
978 being held irish authorities pending extradition request from the. 
978 charges distributing and promoting child pornography according the irish publication the independent. 
978 really switching away from windows probably good security move for many reasons according security advisory posted monday the tor project. 
978 people using linux and were not affected but that doesnt mean they couldnt targeted the future. 
978 this wasnt the first firefox vulnerability nor will the last the tor project warned. 
978 know that windows isnt safe. 
978 and anyone using older version the tor browser bundle isnt safe. 
978 moral dump windows and upgrade your software javascript not huge chunk security. 
978 the fact that site uses javascript should not absolute non negotiable issue. 
978 the tor network and javascript are just tools along with pgp tails pidgin ssl multi signature transactions crypto currency and many many more that each user has his her disposal stay safewhile its true our. 
978 onion site uses javascript according this article does about the websites currently running. 
978 our site still functional even with javascript disabled. 
978 you will not have access certain areas the site but your experience still should enjoyable. 
978 use javascript for some the following captcha image file uploading free multi signature transaction app posting free classified ads instant messaging etc. 
978 although darknet nation does have and maintain. 
978 onion presence are actively working the clearnet aspect our movement. 
978 youd like help contribute please feel free visit our site and support darknet nation ueoc. 
