i am in cockeysville kinda far away from all you guys i might be able to come to some meetings though.
union station is pretty good here are some details detailscheck out all the food places union station plaza cafecasual edited april by darkshado.
i m in dc i bet a could drag along a friend but i don t have a car how about a meeting close to a metro stop or a comm rail stop.
cool i would be interested if there was a monthly schedule that way i can plan ahead i currently do the norfolk va beach meetings but i would every now and then treck up to dc for a meeting may by walcy carrol.
great our roster is expanding do you guys prefer any specific place in union station cafes bookstores check my previous post for more details we should also start thinking about when we want to start the meetings i am thinking like rd friday of may some time between and.
i m down as i live in nova within walking distance to the metro also sbarro rocks socks.
unfortunately i just found out that the show i am working on right now added a performance that night so i probibly won t be able to make it for this time but i will try to get a sub ligh.
well i ll be in the fort wayne area for most the summer it seems is there anyone near here that could come to a binrev meeting.
guys pick one of the following meeting places they are both street level at the food court in union station dc sbarro italian eatery street levelwhole by the slice spaghetti lasagna and salads corner bakery caf street levelbreakfast sandwiches sandwiches salads pasta breads beverages and a variety of desserts note taken from here edit i am going to conduct a site survey so these locations may change edit everyone who did not already receive a pm from me please send me a list of topics you would be interested in either presenting or learning about edited may by darkshado.
well i guess the only thing we need to do now is to determine what you want to do at the meeting presentations wardriving discussions and what cafe restaurant whatever in union station you want to meet eat so far we have agreed upon general place union station dc date may time between exact time will be determined closer to the meeting current members meetings may by darkshado.
good four people so far and growing based on the current member locations i suggest the following general area for the meeting however i suggest we get more people before we make a final decision spread the word guys.
union station is rather large i have set up a gmail account and a phone number that people can call once they are there to get the location of the meeting binrev dc gmail com and of course if you have google talk you can im questionsyou can also call this number or email that box for information regarding the meetingsonce you get a few meetings under your belt let me know and we ll give you a subdomain at binrevmeetings com to host a meeting sit.
well the third friday of may is the th if you are still out of town we can make it the th.
everyone who did not already receive a pm from me please send me a list of topics you would be interested in either presenting or learning about quoting myself i have only received one pm about this our meetings will be pretty lame if we have nothing to do so please send me topics soon people need time to address the topics edited may by darkshado.
i should clarify i m attending american university and exams end on the th after that i m headed to sweet home massachusetts i m gonna go out on a limb and say it would probably make more sense to forget about me and schedule according to the convenience of the people that can actually show up.
i m down for anywhere union station although i should note i ll be out of town as of may th.
i m in bethesda within walking distance of metro.
bump there has to be more than hackers in md come on show yourselve.
the key to getting people is getting the word out.
how about dinner meetings in union station it s got a metro stop and a massive food court.
i live in nova im dow.
union station certainly seems like a good place for a meeting i would definatley try to make meetings and bring back md into the br meeting activity ligh.
union station is rather large i have set up a gmail account and a phone number that people can call once they are there to get the location of the meeting binrev dc gmail com and of course if you have google talk you can im questionsyou can also call this number or email that box for information regarding the meetingsedited may by mubi.
shit thats like an hour away i guess we need more people before we determine the location i am in rockville.
please reply if you live in maryland if there are enough people we should start binrev meetings in maryland we will share ideas hack and have fun.
i live in nova and the district s meetings no longer exist so i would be open to suggestions.
yo first post here at binrev hi im from rockville and wanna come to the next meeting so please lemme know when where either post here or email me at folktheory at gmaili d like to start going to maryland meetingsalso is anyone else interested we only had meeting there were only two people there and we decided that union station was a poor meeting place i went inactive and the meeting died completely contact me if you are still interested.
wow i m not alone in this state if you can get something together for a meeting i d try to make it work permitting.
shit i finally get a chance to hop back on binrev and i ve missed the meeting i won t be here over the summer but i ll definitely check up on you guys next fall how d the meet up go.
i was just wondering if anyone in yugoslavia was interested in having a meeting sometime i m not sure how it would be arranged.
it looks like we have agreed on union station so lets pick a time and date to meet there and scout around for a nice place to hold the meeting i would be able to go at the following times sunday any timefriday after pmnext weekend and anytimeps i was beginning to think we would not get enough members fortunately i was wrong.
i have been to union station in dc and have talked to friends about it i am starting to think its not such a good idea to hold our meetings there first it is not near most of our members second it is not a very safe place to be with a laptops third its not a very good area and not really in maryland i am thinking of some place in either montgomery county or fredrick county any suggestions also i believe that it would be a good idea to have a meeting this coming friday instead of just completely canceling this meeting one place which might work well for meetings is downtown silver spring it s nice because witin a block and a half of the metro silver spring station on the red line there is a large cluster of restaurants and about two blocks from the metro is the silver spring verizon co although in terms of gear safety the area is getting much better but i am always one to be a worry wart if the meeting were to be there though there are a couple of possible places one would be by the restaurants since there is nice bright outdoor seating and it is also right next to a parking lot for all of you who don t want to take metro and want to drive there is also a nice diner tasty diner silver spring which has great moderatly priced food and is conveinetly located behind the silver spring co there is also plenty of ue area around lightgreat i will check the place out can you guys make it on june st edited may by darkshado.
i have been to union station in dc and have talked to friends about it i am starting to think its not such a good idea to hold our meetings there first it is not near most of our members second it is not a very safe place to be with a laptops third its not a very good area and not really in maryland i am thinking of some place in either montgomery county or fredrick county any suggestions also i believe that it would be a good idea to have a meeting this coming friday instead of just completely canceling this meeting.
well i ll be in the fort wayne area for most the summer it seems is there anyone near here that could come to a binrev meeting.
if you re not averse to frederick or hagerstown i frequent those areas i hate driving in dc as well baltimore s not bad but dc yuck.
i was actually going to post on this too tonight had a couple more drinks than i thought i would and didn t get back until about a half hour ago i have a decent size text file to be released there i did on ssh covering everything from basic usage scp sftp etc to hardening the default install then moving into cooler stuff like remote backups and compression using tar and rsync along with bash piping and executing commands remotely i also have a presentation file it was originally for a lug meeting so it isn t really hack centric but i made it to be pretty informative and comprehensive and the hardening section has some good tips and iptables rules the new ddp video sounds very cool be there or be.
next meeting is at pm on friday the th in the center cafe inside union station the meetings will now be every rd friday of the month during the last meeting we had trouble finding a location with both wifi and power so please bring your laptop fully charged if you plan on coming please contact me however i will be there how did the meeting go and when is the next one it was just me myself and i like i said the next meeting will be the third friday of next month aug th if no one responds to this thread i will try to contact people that posted in the past two weeks before the meeting.
if it wasn t for the hour drive and the traffic i would try to come but it would depend on my schedule and stuff i will monitor the threads and see about a future one.
yea i would go with union station.
anyone in these areas send me a pm i want to start a new group meeting at least once a month if not more lets gt like mindied people together and see what we can dolater biospheari m totally down.
bump you guys still alive the meeting is tomorrow edit meeting has been canceled due to lack of available members this month please mark your calendars for next months meeting however if enough people request this we can have a meeting earlier i believe i am partly at fault for the cancellation of the meeting since i did not remind you guys in advance i just assumed you guys checked this thread edited may by darkshado.
thursday th march talks bluetooth foo dominic smileydradis overview etd lightning talk mins lightning talk mins lightning talk mins etd bring your lightning talkswhere upstairs glassblower glasshouse st piccadilly w b jydoors open from speaking starts from please try and be prompt as some people need to go early to get trains back out of london we have private use of the whole of the upstairs till real ale on draught adnams broadside spitfire buccomb and doombar other stuff on draught guinness staropramen hoegaarden leffe even more stuff on draught becks fosters food menu is extensive and most importantly they do pie but they stop serving at pmi ve been to two of their previous meetings and these guys are l tedited march by phr kc de.
i would love to meet but i m stuck out in the boonies in hampstead and i really hate driving anywhere near dc.
i m going to post br up next month i hadn t thought about using cl rightcoast is so smart that s a great idea but where would one post this information under service erotic.
the november meeting will be held this friday the th i will be discussing several topics including wep cracking certificate authorities in windows and group policy hope to see everyone ther.
thursday th march talks bluetooth foo dominic smileydradis overview etd lightning talk mins lightning talk mins lightning talk mins etd bring your lightning talkswhere upstairs glassblower glasshouse st piccadilly w b jydoors open from speaking starts from please try and be prompt as some people need to go early to get trains back out of london we have private use of the whole of the upstairs till real ale on draught adnams broadside spitfire buccomb and doombar other stuff on draught guinness staropramen hoegaarden leffe even more stuff on draught becks fosters food menu is extensive and most importantly they do pie but they stop serving at pmi ve been to two of their previous meetings and these guys are l thow are these guys l t.
how are these guys l t i ve been really impressed by some of the talks that have been given the people who go to those meetings have to be of them are real hackers some black hat some white hat but they all knew what they were talking about makes me remember how much i have to learnso you had a friend invite you.
attn mods if this is considered a no no then please delete it and accept my apology anywhoi havent been on here in ages glad to see that the site hasnt disappeared so please excuse my post not trying to spam or anything in any way just figured that id like to help a brotha out from binrev since many of the old skool members are south florida residents so basically i work for a datacenter in west palm beach fl we re looking for another guy for the early day shift around the lines of am pm or so that is well versed in php mysql as well as basic linux administration and basic tcp ip knowledge basic cisco ios skills would be a big plus but not required per se thinking outside the box and being a good self teacher is what matters most its a really chill and relaxed environment we re just looking for someone to help out in the morning and preferably be on hand to help with some php coding and site maintenance and hopefully be able to perform some basic linux tasks such as install fresh distros config network settings manage some basic apache stuff minor dns here and there etc etc you know the drill im sure not necessarily looking for someone with years of php experience and a phd in computer science if you re young thats fine im probably younger anyway i know its tough being unemployed so if you are in palm beach county florida and you fit the description shoot me an email at fragtheweak gmail com i dont really even need a resume as long as you give me a decent description of yourself but if you have one made already thats fine too thanks.
no guys i meant he was an hour and two minutes from the tampa meeting and i m an hour and five minutes from it will be quite a bit further to br but either one is a good one so my rep doesn t end up further down the gutter i state for the record i don t sex r on the first date i m real classy and shit you hack on the first date you slut.
any vancity hakkers out there not many vanckers here just us uk btw hi i m from alberta edited june by indexphinge.
thursday th march talks bluetooth foo dominic smileydradis overview etd lightning talk mins lightning talk mins lightning talk mins etd bring your lightning talkswhere upstairs glassblower glasshouse st piccadilly w b jydoors open from speaking starts from please try and be prompt as some people need to go early to get trains back out of london we have private use of the whole of the upstairs till real ale on draught adnams broadside spitfire buccomb and doombar other stuff on draught guinness staropramen hoegaarden leffe even more stuff on draught becks fosters food menu is extensive and most importantly they do pie but they stop serving at pmi ve been to two of their previous meetings and these guys are l tedited march by phr kc de.
how are these guys l t i ve been really impressed by some of the talks that have been given the people who go to those meetings have to be of them are real hackers some black hat some white hat but they all knew what they were talking about makes me remember how much i have to learnso you had a friend invite you no it s open to everyone.
how are these guys l t i ve been really impressed by some of the talks that have been given the people who go to those meetings have to be of them are real hackers some black hat some white hat but they all knew what they were talking about makes me remember how much i have to lear.
lets get one thing straight i didn t loose my appetite i ve eaten things that are much more gross it was just quick thinking to get a free meal but thanks for the props.
any vancity hakkers out there not many vanckers here just us uk btw hi i m from alberta edited june by indexphinge.
anyone in these areas send me a pm i want to start a new group meeting at least once a month if not more lets gt like mindied people together and see what we can dolater biosphea.
i was just wondering if anyone else in the area was going to the vmware symposia next wednesday if anyone is interested in going but hasn t registered yet you can register here it seems like they still have slots open but they will probibly go fast now so if anyone else is going maybe we can meetup or something ligh.
wow that s a good idea i just listed my local meeting on there as well i wasn t aware that there was such a thing as the craigslist groups section thanks r.
yeah i had some rl things pop up that absolutely couldn t be controlled so i m sorry i had to dip out on this one and yeah reminders go a long way in making sure people stay aware of the meetings.
i am from one of the ex yu countrys but i think that there is not many people from around here and those that we are we are mostly spread around entire balkan it would be tough to organise a meeting if people are countrys away from its plac.
dude sarasota is like an hour from a meeting in fact you are minutes closer than i am to the br meeting in altamonte springs no shit damn dude you should come down rightcoast will sex r you up i have no ride car yet.
which part of yugoslavia you do realize it s now different countrys.
it seems that most of the people previously interested in these meetings are not active anymore i think we have to extend the voting period to the end of the weekend i hope that there are more hackers in maryland and that they will see this thread over the weekend do you have any suggestions on how we can advertise these meetings to more people i will try to get this into the topic message in binrev.
any vancity hakkers out there.
attn mods if this is considered a no no then please delete it and accept my apology anywhoi havent been on here in ages glad to see that the site hasnt disappeared so please excuse my post not trying to spam or anything in any way just figured that id like to help a brotha out from binrev since many of the old skool members are south florida residents so basically i work for a datacenter in west palm beach fl we re looking for another guy for the early day shift around the lines of am pm or so that is well versed in php mysql as well as basic linux administration and basic tcp ip knowledge basic cisco ios skills would be a big plus but not required per se thinking outside the box and being a good self teacher is what matters most its a really chill and relaxed environment we re just looking for someone to help out in the morning and preferably be on hand to help with some php coding and site maintenance and hopefully be able to perform some basic linux tasks such as install fresh distros config network settings manage some basic apache stuff minor dns here and there etc etc you know the drill im sure not necessarily looking for someone with years of php experience and a phd in computer science if you re young thats fine im probably younger anyway i know its tough being unemployed so if you are in palm beach county florida and you fit the description shoot me an email at fragtheweak gmail com i dont really even need a resume as long as you give me a decent description of yourself but if you have one made already thats fine too thanks.
i would be down for a de meeting.
where is it being hel.
ok great so we are meeting on the rd of may this saturday does anyone have geek targeted material that they want to share at the meeting if anyone is interested i can bring in a powerpoint with video on website that i am working on for my senior project edited april by lelantu.
how are these guys l t i ve been really impressed by some of the talks that have been given the people who go to those meetings have to be of them are real hackers some black hat some white hat but they all knew what they were talking about makes me remember how much i have to lear.
does anyone have a caravan i think it d be cool to cram like guys into a caravan and go wardriving while discussing random tech crap binrev meeting on the road anyone i ve got a camcorder so depending on where we meet etc i ll video the meetings so we can post them wherever for now most likely youtube then embed them later somewhere.
no guys i meant he was an hour and two minutes from the tampa meeting and i m an hour and five minutes from it will be quite a bit further to br but either one is a good one oh i thought you meant it was closer to orlando.
i m going to post br up next month i hadn t thought about using cl rightcoast is so smart.
yo first post here at binrev hi im from rockville and wanna come to the next meeting so please lemme know when where either post here or email me at folktheory at gmaili d like to start going to maryland meetingsalso is anyone else interested.
where is it being heldthe meeting is held at university mall food court from to pm check out binrevmeetings com for more details enigmai m not gonna be able to make it gentlemen sorry no ride.
how are these guys l t i ve been really impressed by some of the talks that have been given the people who go to those meetings have to be of them are real hackers some black hat some white hat but they all knew what they were talking about makes me remember how much i have to learnso you had a friend invite you no it s open to everyone.
everyone who did not already receive a pm from me please send me a list of topics you would be interested in either presenting or learning about quoting myself i have only received one pm about this our meetings will be pretty lame if we have nothing to do so please send me topics soon people need time to address the topics i can send you some of my old meeting notes if your interested if you need some ideas of what to present enigm.
the april meeting is tonight at pm i will be there giving out free stuff and as always i have a short presentation to give this time on portable applications for more info check out the binrev meeting sitehope to see everyone ther.
i live in montgomery county and would love to come but seeing as i am i dont think my parents would like it so much if i told them i was gonig to a hacking meetin.
anyone in these areas send me a pm i want to start a new group meeting at least once a month if not more lets gt like mindied people together and see what we can dolater biosphea.
i vote union statio.
anyone know of any meetings in the atlanta area.
i m in dc i bet a could drag along a friend but i don t have a car how about a meeting close to a metro stop or a comm rail stop.
i should clarify i m attending american university and exams end on the th after that i m headed to sweet home massachusetts i m gonna go out on a limb and say it would probably make more sense to forget about me and schedule according to the convenience of the people that can actually show up.
i hope you guys are keeping this meeting going strong it sounds like one of the better ones i plan on coming over sometime at the begining of the year hopefully in january for a meeting one time i won t know until i see how my scheduled works out for the beginning of the year i will try to bring punch and pie.
i don t understand how it is possible to have so many people on these forums and have so few interested in hacker meetings in maryland there were more people interested in this idea last year i will try to spread the word some more but i do not have much influence because i am relatively new here mubix i hope we can gather up one or two more people and have a meeting setup pretty soon having a successful meeting might get more people interested mubix did you have a specific place in mind when you suggested union station.
sounds good ill be there.
how about dinner meetings in union station it s got a metro stop and a massive food court.
my car broke down so unfortunately i won t be there this time around.
i m in bethesda within walking distance of metro.
are you going to pay us.
i m down as i live in nova within walking distance to the metro also sbarro rocks socks.
i m down for anywhere union station although i should note i ll be out of town as of may th.
this is a reminder that the next meeting is this fridayunion station p.
the meeting was not perfect but i still had a good time and have absolutely no regrets mubix was very generous offered to pay for my meal intelligent and cool mubix and i looked for a good location inside union station where we would be able to host the meetings surprisingly we did not find many places with accessible power sources and public internet access like we had hoped we were able to unplug a lamp inside a restaurant in which we got a free meal but more on that later and hook up our laptops we ordered food and discussed the structure and contents of future meetings i suggested that i could present my slide show with a video or live demonstration of various website at the next meeting mubix liked the idea and agreed to peer review my presentation before the next meeting he then proceeded to set up his own wireless access point in order to demonstrate some hacks however murphy s laws kicked in and we i mean mubix working hard and me giving supporting comments while devouring my lunch attempted to get the access point to work with absolutely minimal documentation we also had some interesting discussions related to xss csrf and hacking the smarttrip cards when it was about time to go home we decided to do some last minute war walking and concluded that we must find a meeting place outside the food court because we were unsuccessful at finding a location with accessible power and wifi after walking around the entirety of the food court i plan to call visit a few places near union station that will meet our requirements and post my findings wondering how we got a free meal the restaurant that we chose was close to the entrance and very accessible to bugs during our meal i spotted a relatively large sized bug crawling on the table when i pointed this out to mubix he lost his appetite and notified a near by waiter who then got the manager surprisingly the manager stared at the bug and then looked at us with a big smile i still cannot find humor in the situation and said he would take care of the check when the manager went away for a minute i took the opportunity to salvage as much of my free meal as possible possibly acquired habit from living in russia after the collapse of the soviet union before the waiter came back to take away our plates ps shoutz to mubix for taking the time to come to the meeting despite having to travel hours i look forward to meeting you again i hope you guys can come to the next meeting which will be even better edited may by lelantu.
ponyboy holds a meeting at frys in the duluth area first and third tuesday of the month know of any meetings in the atlanta area.
i just posted the meeting to my local craigslist in groups and it would probably get a couple more people to attend other local meetings as well if anyone else did that on their local craigslist just a thought.
dude sarasota is like an hour from a meeting in fact you are minutes closer than i am to the br meeting in altamonte springs no shit damn dude you should come down rightcoast will sex r you u.
i ll be down in the here pretty soon if i m around for the meeting i ll stop in there is no meeting there is you me and whatever eye candy i can se into joining us edited november by abneria.
well i guess the only thing we need to do now is to determine what you want to do at the meeting presentations wardriving discussions and what cafe restaurant whatever in union station you want to meet eat so far we have agreed upon general place union station dc date may time between exact time will be determined closer to the meeting current members meetings may by darkshado.
where is it being heldthe meeting is held at university mall food court from to pm check out binrevmeetings com for more details enigm.
the br orlando hacker meeting will be this friday at the altamonte mall food court i am hoping to put together a presentation at the last minute and solicit feedback for it or possible even work on it there as a group if i get it to a point that i feel comfortable with it i might submit it for hope at least one new person will be attending and a couple of other new people have been invited feel free to invite anyone that you think might be interested.
cool i would be interested if there was a monthly schedule that way i can plan ahead i currently do the norfolk va beach meetings but i would every now and then treck up to dc for a meeting may by walcy carrol.
union station is rather large i have set up a gmail account and a phone number that people can call once they are there to get the location of the meeting binrev dc gmail com and of course if you have google talk you can im questionsyou can also call this number or email that box for information regarding the meetingsedited may by mubi.
no guys i meant he was an hour and two minutes from the tampa meeting and i m an hour and five minutes from it will be quite a bit further to br but either one is a good one so my rep doesn t end up further down the gutter i state for the record i don t sex r on the first date i m real classy and shit.
dude sarasota is like an hour from a meeting in fact you are minutes closer than i am to the br meeting in altamonte springs.
sounds good ill be there i flaked long week at work and the couch just called my name.
i ll be down in the here pretty soon if i m around for the meeting i ll stop in there is no meeting there is you me and whatever eye candy i can se into joining us eye candy is always nice.
everyone who did not already receive a pm from me please send me a list of topics you would be interested in either presenting or learning about quoting myself i have only received one pm about this our meetings will be pretty lame if we have nothing to do so please send me topics soon people need time to address the topics edited may by darkshado.
i guess this has never been started and has died i would like pick this up where it has been left off i propose voting on a general location first and then picking a specific place later i suggest the following locations rockville vote springunion station votes mubix cypressplease reply to this thread e mail me or im me your vote and i will update this thread regularly with the current votes i hope to have a general location agreed upon within days this friday we can gather at the closest metro stop to the selected general location and search for good meeting locations during this time we can all introduce ourselves and have some fun if things go smoothly we can have our first meeting on the th edited april by lelantu.
i m in southern delaware at the moment.
i have been to union station in dc and have talked to friends about it i am starting to think its not such a good idea to hold our meetings there first it is not near most of our members second it is not a very safe place to be with a laptops third its not a very good area and not really in maryland i am thinking of some place in either montgomery county or fredrick county any suggestions also i believe that it would be a good idea to have a meeting this coming friday instead of just completely canceling this meeting one place which might work well for meetings is downtown silver spring it s nice because witin a block and a half of the metro silver spring station on the red line there is a large cluster of restaurants and about two blocks from the metro is the silver spring verizon co although in terms of gear safety the area is getting much better but i am always one to be a worry wart if the meeting were to be there though there are a couple of possible places one would be by the restaurants since there is nice bright outdoor seating and it is also right next to a parking lot for all of you who don t want to take metro and want to drive there is also a nice diner tasty diner silver spring which has great moderatly priced food and is conveinetly located behind the silver spring co there is also plenty of ue area around ligh.
next meeting is at pm on friday the th in the center cafe inside union station the meetings will now be every rd friday of the month during the last meeting we had trouble finding a location with both wifi and power so please bring your laptop fully charged if you plan on coming please contact me however i will be there how did the meeting go and when is the next one.
ok so here is the latest information i registered binrevdc comi set up google apps so now the core members can have a binrevdc com through gmail i can also link subdomains to your sites i posted a simple image to binrevdc comgoogle apps includes email a calendar docs cha.
the below information is still valid i can give access to those who need itbinrev dc gmail com and of course if you have google talk you can im question.
yo first post here at binrev hi im from rockville and wanna come to the next meeting so please lemme know when where either post here or email me at folktheory at gmai.
there is a meeting on the th this saturday at around pm please contact me if you are planning on coming.
i don t understand how it is possible to have so many people on these forums and have so few interested in hacker meetings in maryland there were more people interested in this idea last year i will try to spread the word some more but i do not have much influence because i am relatively new here mubix i hope we can gather up one or two more people and have a meeting setup pretty soon having a successful meeting might get more people interested mubix did you have a specific place in mind when you suggested union station what we initially set up was that we would pick a time and we would all meet at the main hall entrance and then find a seated location afterwards that was mainly what the phone number was for logistics.
union station is pretty good here are some details detailscheck out all the food places union station plaza cafecasual edited apr by darkshado.
i ll be down in the here pretty soon if i m around for the meeting i ll stop in.
next meeting is at pm on friday the th in the center cafe inside union station the meetings will now be every rd friday of the month during the last meeting we had trouble finding a location with both wifi and power so please bring your laptop fully charged if you plan on coming please contact me however i will be there edited july by lelantu.
any interest in a delaware meeting.
wow i thought the meeting threads were dead i live an hour south of dc so a union station meetup would work better that a md location.
guys pick one of the following meeting places they are both street level at the food court in union station dc sbarro italian eatery street levelwhole by the slice spaghetti lasagna and salads corner bakery caf street levelbreakfast sandwiches sandwiches salads pasta breads beverages and a variety of desserts note taken from here edit i am going to conduct a site survey so these locations may change edit everyone who did not already receive a pm from me please send me a list of topics you would be interested in either presenting or learning about edited may by darkshado.
i d be down for a maryland meeting over the summer i m a good hour and a half from union station though edited june by thefun.
sry all that i was unable to attend lelantus i deff applogise i didn t respond in time i actually had to go back home this weekend so i wasn t in the dc area anymore i had business to take care of did it go well.
craygee can go i m in alexandria on a long term engagement with a big suv so if people need a ride lemme know i can do talks if needed next week and the week after i have an engagement in seattle and houston i didn t have time to read through the entire thread to find the date but i ll go if i can.
the meeting will be held on septemeber th at pm the panera bread check the site for detail.
i wonder if using meetup com would also be helpful.
i m in delaware so not far from maryland at all my interest here is to learn a little more seeing that it is a well constructed website i m just starting out with the whole scene but would love to get some hands on and learn.
this friday will be the br meeting and most other br meetings it will start around pm and run until the mall closes at pm and then will probably continue on to the traditional waffle house meal rightcoast will be presenting on ssh starting simple and going into some more advanced features functionality it sounds like it will have a little something for everyone i will be giving a recap of interz ne and i will hopefully be presenting the new video show from the ddp that was released at interz ne as well this will be available to the public hopefully this weekend but br and br attendees will get a sneak peek i have lots of freebies this month some t shirts the new bl magazine and some iz stickers i also still have some ubuntu cds for those who didn t get one or wanted another one i would ask everyone who is planning to attend to start thinking about some projects that they would like to work on or see done just ideas and brainstorming is fine at this point so we can see what kind of things we can do as a group or as smaller teams we have a lot of varied talented people at our meetings so we should use that skill to be producers not consumers i look forward to seeing everyone waffle house.
i ll be down in the here pretty soon if i m around for the meeting i ll stop in there is no meeting there is you me and whatever eye candy i can se into joining us eye candy is always nice indeed but don t expect terribly interesting conversation from her because she s not terribly interesting.
having these meetings by myself sucks i m just no fun to lecture to sometimes oh god i am so lonely slits wrists but seriously is anyone interested anybody at all.
currently i believe we have a presentation on lock picking and i will be doing a presentation on genetic algorithms please make a final post if you will be able to come this friday may hope to see you guys ther.
does anyone have a caravan i think it d be cool to cram like guys into a caravan and go wardriving while discussing random tech crap binrev meeting on the road anyone i ve got a camcorder so depending on where we meet etc i ll video the meetings so we can post them wherever for now most likely youtube then embed them later somewhere i believe droops is doing something similiar and submitting it to hacktv might be an ide.
