available and union works what options have mean only select after union because tried update delete and nothing worked. 
thanks pexlii check and see private adsl from their company. 
very hard enter has proxy. 
have any trick ask admin open send virus open socks. 
really wanted work out how myself. 
figure that each domain has dns entry somewhere pointing. 
just can see how you can check all dns servers for address and match the names. 
must obvious but can figure. 
can see ping being any help only icmp looking for response. 
just try some reverse sites tools here very good one. 
and working with any shell. 
you really need some more skills over the avarage men affraid. 
allthough could always try and mention the site within carefull post and who knows maybe you get lucky. 
microsoft jet database engine error syntax error string query expression stfusername admin. 
asp line this the error getany suggestions how should continue tried union select password from stfkund but cant find the correct table names how can find out the table names microsoft jet database engine error the microsoft jet database engine cannot find the input table query kunder. 
make sure exists and that its name spelled correctly. 
home pcoffice adm sys. 
was debating setting linux box crack some hashes that contain symbols and mixed caps lowercase see other thread and was wondering possible would worth generate rainbow tables that contain exactly least one lowercaseat least one numberlength this make any significant impact decrease table generation and lookup time. 
default glype has hotlinking enabled which makes impossible link proxified pages. 
glype ddos proof concept that can bypass the hotlinking feature glype. 
the main idea for glype ddos was make many connections possible using diferent glype instalations available the internet. 
this way was possible create multiple connections from diferent sources site. 
the problem that you need super computer handle all the pages which makes glype ddos obsolete. 
you can still run from your system and make http requests site but won make the server overload. 
this public version comes with only glype instalations. 
feel free poke the code download. 
com file ukspnl glype ddos public. 
com file analysis the virustotal result come positive for one antivirus never heard bkav. 
and this isn executable for windows bits but yes uses iframes. 
since when iframes are viruses. 
php remote arbitrary location file upload exploit required leverage this issue. 
simple question how can upload php file remote server that uses fckeditor. 
based research the that can found here. 
htmlthat simply the uploader using the php connector. 
since the connector php file upload forbidden looking for way get ftp access can retrieve some files. 
anyone can help that one. 
hii uploaded its like this link. 
com new admin admin uploads lpn. 
phpi not know why there. 
between the numbers and. 
but anyway when click the above link notting workswhat mistake. 
yea but that appears not working either atleast for. 
have big troubles type url. 
how get the salt this exploit. 
font system color green size email bomber basically sends from one email mass amount emails another fast. 
thought this may help some people got video for you and download links for this program virus freevideo. 
com watch jsgx yuvirus scans url. 
com file scan report. 
html virus total url url. 
org scanresult eff dbfd jotti url two versions the files uploaded. 
just one zipped and was rar archive difference other then that thoughenjoy size color font url. 
com mmry gnxln color darkorange size click here for download size color url url. 
wlxf color lime size click here for download size color url. 
there site trying hack wich got good security the only thing was able pass xss the avatar image. 
hey alli currently trying exploit vbulletin forum that runs ibproarcade. 
know exploit works fine but want able speed. 
currently retrieving one char the password time and that itself takes about queries per char and then also must grab the salt. 
anyway looking for someone help open this exploit. 
whats the best way about this. 
this forum doesnt seem too busy. 
just had modify this perl exploit bit. 
org exploits just changed the offset from. 
com next time use google. 
how can use real target when use nothings happen. 
try first phpinfo look full path the your site. 
then use readfile home blabla file. 
try upload perl shell into cgi bin directory. 
guess what you have seen the phpbb. 
hack but this issue fixed long time ago the hack won succeed. 
not your fault the forum seems secure. 
going make this long story short run botting service for game. 
bought map packs someone and because made complaint jacks money and revokes privileges get any access the map packs bought. 
not looking into screw his forum which does deserve but just wanted get access anything cisco network eng could just flood all his ports has open and make that for week long but ehh still doesnt help out. 
hehe funny just change name that script with another. 
you said you are tried with htaccess file dont think you are wrong something just restrict the dir the file. 
how talking about invisionfree not the ipb thnxs. 
probably you don have access those directories you want put tha file. 
don think you will find writeable directory safe mode though. 
there recent mysql bug that allows you bypass safe mode and read anything from the server the sql server and the file server the same. 
hey brotha you must use classical techniques sql injection. 
use the search box. 
thanks for the swift reply computer science student but you completely lost lol. 
com and the flaw the global. 
php trying work out the sql query needed return the password for user. 
what sql query woud need use get the password for user via their user number please and could all done through browser thanks. 
its cookie stealer for session hijacking. 
php cookie followed the document cookie. 
now look for exploits. 
let google that for youfind few that look like viable attack vectors and try few out. 
first you have complete the first request sql and then tries complete the second request don know the table users saw your first request the table article then found the second table displayed for the users and passwordsso tried see the name given the database then normally you find the name the url like examples. 
question can upload php shell via coppermine photo gallery. 
but why cant upload anything via shell nstview. 
all question server safe modei cant read fileread dir via any funtions dont have accountini restore. 
server disable some function. 
also this great read for anyone wanting lock down thier newly installed mssql server. 
net sdm docs windows mssql checklist. 
but has anyone found any luck with keyloggers did you ever get some info returned use winspy. 
pro myself its not free but you can find rapidshare but has anyone been successful should invest email cracking software. 
what type forum they have ipb. 
help where can found about step step tutorial use sql injectionwhat mus first please some one helpto give link need learnthanks. 
have problem and just need help plz look. 
just tried inject those injections some requests dont works. 
need solution plzwhen try this injection. 
work perfectly true and false. 
here amazing site ever saw downloads. 
com with loads and loads online money making secrets gurus covers seo affiliate marketing gambling secrets adsense adwords whoring making money with cpa etc. 
and everything for free. 
was regretting because never found this site before and wasted much money online. 
have subscribed for their vip site well and looks decent for. 
started making day now using one their ideas vip section. 
let know your opinion well. 
why everybody want enter some site main door. 
why you don try get inside from back door. 
look alone this there was sites. 
forums hacking example forum. 
phpbb which you can test legally foreword these tutorial learn how phpbb. 
are possible forums hacken using exploits which download. 
not further the term exploiten the errors will your only learn how phpbb are possible. 
forums hacking and emphasise still even that this are this done without authorisation and nowhere responsible for. 
once you have this under the knee hope that you admins will help destroying forums. 
the exploit exploit are script which uses errors forum this way determined rights able get guard word hashish able get hold etc. 
exploits are generally written perl and php and will use exploit which has been written perl. 
must therefore firstly get hold the exploit that use google and type exploit phpbb. 
com the largest exploit site which know. 
there search and bowl already fast. 
oke these are therefore the exploit script see usr bin perl from that layout that have with exploit which have been written perl. 
therefore lettuce these script exploit. 
draft cube store exploit. 
download perl our exploit need carry out script use therefore perl. 
and type download perl and already rapidly come page and there download perl. 
for lazy people onderons here link. 
com products download download. 
plex activeperl now perl have downloaded and have installed further the real hacken forum. 
here our example forum which you can test. 
phpbb example use this forum also. 
oke ourselves firstly register pay attention there that your name but from part exist therefore not jan piet can but janpiet. 
take nice orginenal example the name. 
now have acount let proceed the hacken open amount starts uivoeren manage type and then grapple command. 
save our exploit with the name exploit. 
disk have stored therefore type now the following amount without natural and very grapple. 
and then type exploit. 
and reiteration grapple and get this. 
not get you this have you perl not well geinstalt something else code usage perl nenu. 
site phpbb folder username proxy optional. 
oke here are explained how using therefore must firstly the site then the folder where the forum himself and then our acount name this case oke now will you that with you forum example that. 
example type amount exploit. 
phpbb and very grapple. 
such you sees replace for differently give that error and omit index. 
php now krijg something like that below code trying connect. 
phpbb forum vulnerable trying get the user done trying give user admin status well done should now property admin status. 
now you the forum and unwieldly you your acount and realise you that something below the forum the direction adminstratie permits panel there. 
and that the proof that you are admin what you not will for rest are entirely you choice along you help. 
would tell the admin that its forum safe not and together for solution search. 
epilogue hope that you have learned this something and now forum will search admins help with these wrongly and improve. 
nowhere responsible for therefore everything are whole own risksrry for bad english. 
how can read etc passwd phpmyadmin. 
been thinking way hack upload scripts was wondering anyone knows changing the content type file would make possible get around simple content type check for example the server checks for types like application octet stream filter out people uploading php files one could just change the type something they accept would this let you upload your code and run lastly how does one change the content type php. 
briefly looked but not sure how would apply able upload files. 
yer dat happens anybody know solution. 
looks like all the other sites dont have read permission for. 
actually have read permission for and quite few subdirs. 
found file telling the names sites and their username. 
tried changing dir home user but. 
tried home user and home user public html. 
any ideas anyone know where the mysql databases are stored something interesting. 
trying run perl script but everytime get this can locate. 
inc inc contains perl site lib perl lib. 
begin failed compilation aborted exploit. 
got exploit and end with something like shell dos although not really sure where from there. 
can give more information needed. 
how can know the software which they are using. 
only know the sites. 
dont know the software. 
find this error and dont know how can exploit him someone can help. 
when have sql query insert for example insert into kupa dupe values sqx wher sqx can you insert sql code. 
and for example sqx select from where insert into kupa dupe values select from where but the select can not insert varible from table. 
what wrong how use sql injection insert mysql use mysql. 
hihow make union work one column from source table has got text type. 
guysi own vbulletin forum which installed and currently version. 
but there sql exploit that has been documented the web and can afford upgrade the forum shelling out more money for renewed license. 
was hoping learn how inject sql myself and see quite how easy hack the forum. 
this example but can get work can someone explain bit better thanks description vbulletin contains flaw that will allow attacker inject arbitrary sql code. 
the problem that the variable the init. 
php file not verified properly and will allow attacker inject manipulate sql queries. 
manual testing notes exploit example. 
php phpinfo ndaleeb union select concat options titleconcat. 
allowphpinfo languageid styleid data thanks. 
think they patched thanks for the nice tutorial. 
nope dont know perl but can still tell that you need arguments although dont use the you might have noticed coz gives errors like some lighten mind this one use the last argument just like says the exploit code and gives the system cannot find the file specified. 
but thanks for the reply anyway. 
yeah cookie editor plugin for firefox. 
all depend from server and his webamsters. 
think you are jail. 
search some backup files some other intresting files. 
maybe you find other ftp access something more intresting. 
conf keep only full path every site server inthere. 
post pls your shell server. 
when look and down. 
log here may you can find way upload shell and deface. 
didn use this email for any other gmail service. 
yet many times when check the log get that this account may open some other location clcik signout all sessions can anyone explain this please. 
and possible check gmail without your being logged. 
its good fast program but the same time incredibly picky about the format the hashes that are entered. 
found too much and don use but there are people like you who have those problems. 
google guess would best advice. 
wikiscanner one the best tools around. 
gryou can type any word find any network for anything connected itfor example you type university and you get universitiesif you only want universities you can find them alsoand the possibilities are unlimiteda list with examples. 
net shared jet wikiscannerekz. 
not wrong can use this wayperl name script. 
you will need view vbulletin code find vulns the way they write their sql queries other wise just find more websites explaining use new vbulletin exploit thats backwards compatible with. 
uploaded these for you. 
sql injection blind sqlinjection. 
least give the exploit name info let know what kind thing are exploited. 
org cgi bin search search. 
you need python run this google. 
there any good tutorial based php and mysql maybe you can help out getting command running level after finding sql injection exploit and how injections can combined with rfi attacks tnx. 
translates test but not sure how why. 
you are honestly trying help out would just concentrate being the encryption because think the rest just fill. 
tested with every method can think but nothing seems work. 
hes more than likely gained admin access and set himself permissions you may have added him usergroup thats allowed post that forum. 
thats all can really think. 
plz need help any can one can help know what mean this message whene trying inject receive this message server error reseller application. 
runtime error description application error occurred the server. 
the current custom error settings for this application prevent the details the application error from being viewed remotely for security reasons. 
could however viewed browsers running the local server machine. 
details enable the details this specific error message viewable remote machines please create tag within web. 
config configuration file located the root directory the current web application. 
this tag should then have its mode attribute set off. 
web notes the current error page you are seeing can replaced custom error page modifying the attribute the application configuration tag point custom error page url. 
seems you are trying sql injection you have use valid username usually admin good then mysql statement which alwasy true like the password could berandomtext xwhatch out use the quotes corectly. 
alright found injection and different database than the users which looking for think and the injection using find the tables. 
phpbb quite secure can not imagine security hole there the moment. 
maybe somebody else can help. 
helloi newcomer here though read this portal before. 
seems quite useful time time. 
lately acquired myself acunetix web vulnerability scanner. 
been using quite lot since but none ideal and perfect know all the functions. 
basically what need execute through http want add link under request tab and number generator end its link similar. 
try browse this url. 
php act arcade cat union select legacy passwordidname from ibf members and get. 
upload shell the machine kernel. 
cant edit any files the server. 
someone know way got the ftp this machine able edit write files please give some idea able edit files with privilege. 
hii got the complete backup wordpress blog including the config file and database backup. 
case phpmyadmin only reachable cpanel and that isn the same password. 
know for sure the username correct. 
there sub domain phpmyadmin. 
com phpmyadmin where can reach. 
also can the hosting website login try reach phpmyadmin since they don offer that just the default cpanel your own domain. 
what did try and painfully failed with reach phpmyadmin domain reach phpmyadmin hosting webpage reach phpmyadmin login cpanel with the password scan sites the same server for security flawsanyone got suggestions what else try. 
suggestion how can decrypt the admin password phpass password. 
currently busy trying the rest the websites the server for security flaws since really need this one down. 
thank you pink not. 
just error with path disclosewhat does this string mean anyway mean what info was supposed get thanks againp. 
you also missed closing parenthese think. 
how can call record from database. 
aspwhat write username and password section. 
blind sql injection more complicated then your case. 
like when there are error messages and all you get boolean from web page looking executed normally redirected you gave some other sort hidden error message note not sql error message message like sorry server encountered error similar. 
then getting any info from gets much more trickier. 
your injection interesting too but without possibility test not able give good help. 
what you need very open minded about all method called think fishing what basically means that you make subquery and use like regular expression operators possible where clause see match found password column and make the subquery return signal about. 
edit you might want look through waraxe advisories had perl script with this conscept somewhere around here. 
its blind have try use the attack injection but doesn realy working for need you waraxe someone other can help about this make crazy. 
its right but have problem. 
user and ascii substring select concat version limit pass. 
hiwhen put this look what gotuser order pass. 
you need found out from which you can login and seek proxy this range. 
you can find proxy this range you need hack some server this range. 
hacked web serverand found remote login other serveri login but windows show this account must login from other computer. 
any body can help. 
want admin turn filter remote any social enginering. 
need get into the admin. 
already have the web address for just missing the username pass. 
have idea what the username would but not know the pass. 
willing pay whoever gets into the control panel. 
have problem this request sql. 
look the url linkwhen put like that index. 
php got this error sql. 
really really increadible thank you. 
have installed wamp server. 
but keep getting erros when finished the installation. 
jpg this picture when trying run php script but when look the folder which says missing dll then can see that the dll are there. 
though that could the installer can anybody give good installer fault thanks for your time. 
got live what plus lol. 
there any one has working cookie editor using firefox. 
first off beginner when comes any this. 
have website which have attempted multiple times trying get any information from. 
ran php nuke assuming. 
sql injections aren working for. 
their forum phpbb but inside module cannot access directly. 
running apache unix box. 
brute forcing passwords doesn get anywhere with the hammer protection. 
and will release the website address someone could help out and point the right direction would much appreciated. 
maybe another idea for check out. 
post the site and will help you. 
acunetix scanner other web vulnerability scanners can show the structure site and the files which are saved each folder. 
there more silent way get the files inside folder website. 
com images least list them. 
there any server side restrictions for not letting people getting directory full content listing guess noone would happy someone downloaded his php scripts tnx advance. 
updatei found the file that precess the form. 
have velnaruble site with blind sql. 
php when iam using test the site the page changed and the scanner show there are blind sqlwhen iam using order the same changed and thing happend order the same thing how ican know the number columns and when added and length version iam geting access forbidden. 
does anyone know what type encryption this. 
steganos internet anonym pro. 
exploits show either can connect can use undefined value. 
line you want the link you can try beleive can. 
this getting little tedious absolutley honest dont know. 
get the idea behind the exploit but goes detail how actually comprimise the system. 
from what can see all this does add the avatar url simple poison null byte. 
pretty sure this can exploited but due the lack information provided the exploit author cannot any more easily. 
edit doing little more research ill post find anything. 
your will always logged. 
were you would change your password and your password the same for any other accounts you have change them too. 
add new cookie option new expiration date set date month forward. 
learned program own cookies make work some proff concept from this page. 
now with phpnuke and the sql injections. 
several sites get the following database error warning mysql num rows supplied argument not valid mysql result resource home chiche something. 
com includes sql layer. 
php line sometimes gives another random error line. 
this happend when proved the concepts the multimple phpnuke from the page especifically the sql injection parts. 
maybe versions are not the same the exploit. 
want know why that error happend and there some way bypass. 
the links their forums might able help. 
helloi tested coppermine photo gallery. 
localhost and with reflected xss stole admin cookie. 
tried use this cookie log admin but dicovered that cookie from user and from admin are the same. 
what type login mechanism this gallery what can with steal cookie sorry for english still learn this language. 
target site server has old. 
mysql server without union enabled. 
you can use sql injection this case. 
cant get john crack password hashes. 
please any advice helps. 
wrote tutorial about rooting actually. 
alright got script testing local host. 
right now you site. 
hii know that you help everyone how try work and know that you not like lazy member. 
tried best get some info from target ipb forum. 
could you please tell this good info need deface admin password. 
well you really want help you should give more details. 
also some servers will disable the type functionality you are trying use. 
you can certainly get good foothold server you find successful rfi vulnerability. 
assuming you are looking for rfi exploits php driven website can use rfi include shell script such the shell any other php script gain command line level access the server with the same privileges the web server user. 
would suggest the first step look for local file inclusion before you start look for remote exploits thats just two cents. 
hey new forum want know all type hacking website know just sql file file tell all types hacking need itand information about. 
hello new user for here have one problem plz help. 
phpand username and see this error warning mysql num rows supplied argument not valid mysql result resource home site public html admin login. 
php line warning mysql fetch assoc supplied argument not valid mysql result resource home site public html admin login. 
php line how can inject hack this site how can getting table name and column nametx. 
tippdon hex the tablemaybe works. 
last few days trying hack site but can not used exploits but perl this site even the exploits superior version. 
you have exploit that works with this forum thank you tell. 
thank you very much the site. 
thanks darling appreciate tons. 
hii found sql injection site and tried this. 
usernamane xpassword like this. 
hello againi started injection site. 
first thing the basic test didn expose number colums only displayed error messages and missed image. 
solved only took week but here the next problem the same site after checked the table wanted turned out not the members table and fact didn find any table with members passes any other infosthe information got since first try this site isuser can wrap mind around this concept. 
shouldn able see the tables this database like show. 
php type model union all select table name from and another question please. 
could and how see list available databases for this site please thank you. 
thanks alot but still cant quite grasp how choose where upload the file. 
trying the exploit own forum before the actual attack. 
hey saw the exploit for. 
posted here but dosnt work. 
working remote sql exploit. 
first all ill give you some hints things you must know before trying find the passwordslearn little php enough make you understand how the strings and funtions workthen read about sql injections after you understand how php works you can get know how inject sql commands into php scriptsafter that check out exploits for the software see where and how inject the sql command thats brief lead you your start and wish you all the bestand dont forget php sql exploits. 
damn you posted again. 
please stop spamming this forum. 
will read your threads. 
even you started just one. 
there three databases including mysql and information schema. 
you have access the admin account why not just change the path manually. 
and also what the aim this attack you alrady have control. 
hello sorry for bad english but from germany have lost the root password virtual rootserver. 
the server using and have access the web account with sshits debian server with. 
kerneli tried the following eploitsraptor chown works but only changes the group gorup for the file. 
doesnt change the owner root ftponly jul etc shadowthe exploit gave group access the shadow but only got root zfigglp sxqnfpf. 
but don know how decrypt the password. 
uses john but its slow than this. 
enterprise vulnerable yes exploitable yes mmap failedit says yes exploitable but then failed dont know what can now. 
does someone you know good exploit. 
firstly say that however tempting probably won work unfortunately. 
the first job identify possible weak points for attack software. 
you have already identified that the server runs apache the next step would get the names and version numbers many pieces software running the server possible. 
some ideas the ftp server and version the version any forum cms software the website hosting the apache version there remote accessible mysql server running there ssh daemon running any these still confuse you with the details and some digging for you. 
tutorial how make phishers author trick aka saywhat contact badnews saywhat hotmail. 
org what are phishers phishing the act tricking someone into giving them confidential information tricking them into doing something that they normally wouldn. 
the attempt fraudulently acquire sensitive information passwords account numbers financial information masquerading trustworthy person business seemingly official communication. 
source google the type phisher are making today website phisher website phisher web page that looks exactly like the web page your target tricks them into logging submitting information which then gets sent log file your email have chosen make phisher for. 
your target url have chosen. 
view the source firefox users press ctrl internet explorer users right click view source. 
notepad file should appear copy all the text right click select all then paste new notepad file call this file index. 
now need make the page send all the usernames and password submitted send text file this your notepad file press ctrl and search box should appear search for actionkeep looking until you bump into something like this. 
your explanation terrible how did you put the shell the server there need for. 
between the numbers and the long the. 
php there then you should fine. 
coppermine can upload that this directory writeable yesi know but dont have any mysql account server because cant view file only etc passwd via posix getpwuidi think when get passwdi only have solution brute force password any idea. 
try these links various forms running. 
hellohow can use reflected xss docs showdoc. 
anyone can answer noob question thanks. 
was damage this site. 
com from one guy that game called and said that has hacked game account. 
know that there bug the source code this site take user and pass information from. 
sombody can hel find this sql inj take revenge tnx lotsorry for little english. 
waraxe could answer better than but would saythat would still possible use something like. 
right now did site. 
com graphics glitter index. 
shows what files are where. 
here simple start for you. 
rooting linux server and safe mod off meta you should find these useful any questions just. 
depend server where you want hide shell and mostly admin hoo working server. 
stupid you can use code you posted but smart they well grep all system function passthru getenv exec system. 
what you just post link and not explain lol. 
trying inject into this query. 
inject one the site and had username and passbut cannot find any admin login upload shell. 
got this urldelete message type sender deleted message page messaging section sent start limit order field. 
reg date order type descif modify the field order field. 
reg date order field here the injection get error mysql you have error your sql syntax check the manual that corresponds your mysql server version for the right syntax use near here the injection desc limit line query sql select. 
from prid meging left join prid auons. 
auons left join prd waed. 
wed left join prd users. 
sender deleted order here the injection desc limit what can with this. 
lots vunerable sites can never the final step retrieving the data from table. 
can get the table name and the column names but never the data. 
what wrong with querys lets say website. 
comit has columns column which visible page. 
get the tables lets say photos users and notices. 
then get the columns users which are user and password. 
try alert hello plus dont know why you would even want anyway but yeahand you cant execute php code through xss. 
your thinking remote file inclusion. 
html teacher the right tool learn the basics html. 
simple style and easy use user can pick and create live examples html. 
learn how make link insert image video aside from learning how embed videos swf flash and youtube videos. 
com file afp html teacher. 
com john useful these cases. 
experimenting with some programs lan for and how use themcurrently trying exploit vbulletin. 
htmli don know how inject that and read couple tutorials avail. 
any help would great. 
you don need any sql injection programsyou need only your browser. 
ipb was hacked and now cant even get into acp need get into admin account alrady have forum acces but admins can anything. 
the acp login box looks wierd toohere the site any help ideas. 
com forums admin index. 
don think will possible. 
you see the only input that code startthe command. 
this not critical vuln because you need super account. 
looking for the admin password least the hash for this forum. 
xss remote cookie disclosure exploit will not work html off and can get the hang the csrf method. 
any help would much welcomed. 
there are some things wrong with your sql statement. 
suggest reading something about basic sql and sql injection you use the concat function and then start with. 
normally you should replace visible number the site with the column name concat you need for example you get concat. 
the number appeared the site somewhere. 
also drop the where clause ain necessary far know. 
the comment doesn work try instead. 
hello currenly documenting this vuln and make probes mercuryboard. 
any this xploits working but shure what can inject sql commands. 
have any more proof concept thnx. 
disponibilizar pra galera phishing banco brasil. 
zipso extrair jogar host use apenas para estudos. 
have just discovered your website and get pleasure from each and every article. 
moncler jackets saletory burch bootstory burch flatsgiuseppe zanotti shoesbeats dre headphones. 
hii new member this forumi have question there any tools detect second order sqlias thanks. 
yes men very good work zeelock. 
wow this what looking for update wow that totally works that the neatest shit have ever seen life the person who made that freaking god freaking out awesome like said will uploaded this and the link dies just this board and will reupload. 
update anyone has anything like this for any another forum board script please post cause that would really awesome will upload this script precracked and ready when got working just thanks for everyone helping out this. 
again want say thank you everyone who has posted thread. 
you guys are really pretty awesome here thanks lot. 
downloaded the file school then exstracted the desktop then click the program netsendspoof but doesnt work the publisher box comes and askes want run then hit run and nothing happens but try home later and let you know. 
have ftp access website that hosted host for hundreds sites and can upload etc. 
can access any higher than the home user directory. 
home has permissions drwxr can get the etc passwd but not etc shadow. 
want able access other sites files. 
thanks man the second code working. 
dont have any ideas. 
not into perl windows exploits but you get work give yell. 
ive been looking for one for ages. 
hey when iam trying this command modules. 
php name news file friend storysent title cscript alert document. 
cookie script then see cookies but what command need make want that the cookis will send homepage because this command only see cookies and dosent helpso does anyone can give please the full command with this xss bugmodules. 
cookie script that will send the cookies homepage. 
the owned uid you should find the root user scaling the privilegies. 
hello eyekneade sea and welcome waraxe. 
hope you enjoy your time here. 
need small script shell backdoor with search option search files and folders server can any one help the script was not working for and the version php. 
thanks for any help and sorry for bad english. 
hey guyz new site dear friend know stored procedures mssql returns value just int type which usually shows proper execution. 
cmdshell extended and accepts just one input parameter and output parameter and returns bit shows error occured not when run exec cmdshell cmd query analyzer can result command execution system access all system resources printed console query analyzer but ado ado. 
net and other commponents that not possible result text printed console that sql injection cannot result cmdshell dir using commands just gathering information useless but still command executed and can affect server like exec cmdshell format made mistake tell and help find way show printed result ado asp pages this simple scenario help get answer that question. 
this exploit for ipb. 
finalin this version salt need only. 
exploit not work for new version. 
try upload shell via sql. 
you have file perms. 
sorry sure the code would. 
everything good think you should first try attack the schemata the information schema and then proceed with the attack until the end. 
hii testing the exploit below test lab network. 
good afternoon gentlemeni still having trouble finding reliable way enumerate host address that can resolve all the domain names websites running. 
used couple websites but they have mixed results. 
there tool application that can this perhaps script that someone knows. 
happy manually could work out how. 
any suggestions would welcome. 
man someone must have made you angry. 
yep learn some skills let know how you got col. 
com diendan and login with user dora and pass after that try browse this link. 
cookie you will get your user and pass hash. 
who can help get pass hash admin this forum show some ways. 
upon closer inspection you were right both admin username and password need supplied. 
the avatar location isn supposed change believe think that allows the upload any file type any directory through the profile page. 
the exploit simply adds the poison null byte the end the avatar path possibly breaking any validation attempts phpbb allowing you upload malicious files. 
admittedly the exploit not very well documented and white paper provided. 
pretty sure you need admin. 
could but said entering admin user and pass and still doesnt work. 
modx parse error modx encountered the following error while attempting parse the requested resource execution query the database failed you have error your sql syntax check the manual that corresponds your mysql server version for the right syntax use near nameintroduced and modx. 
modx web user attributes. 
modx web line sql select modx. 
modx web users modx. 
modx web user attributes where modx. 
username regexp binary nameintroduced and modx. 
copy sql clipboard parser timing mysql. 
then insert the correct syntax for injection login union all select username modx web user attributes from modx web users password anydo everything right here. 
but can not see the password its blocked best regards. 
think dbname skatespo skatespo patrickpass patrickdoes that look right don know the myslq user pass cause says config masterserver username skatespo patrick. 
basically need help cracking this password there anyway that could open because its asking for password when open the word document. 
have problem into find admin login page for this site. 
iri found hack admin user pass but can not find admin login page from this sitealso with havij and acconitix tried could not resultcan injectable for sql injection large book publisher the middle eastif the find admin login page wright the bottome insert massage. 
would really appreciated some one colould what neede insteamd telling not clever and wouldnt able lolcould someone please crack. 
com zimsmods this site and crack the account zimdale which admin send the password please much appreciation. 
com exploits asking for detailed explanation how use this thing. 
trying run with these arguments selecting own. 
phpbb forum the victim perl phpbb. 
localhost forum actual admin name actual admin password images avatars shell. 
php thinks for sec and then just ends without any output and the avatar location doesnt change. 
what the hell doing wrong how right and really have put the forum admin name and his password order make work coz dont think ill find the exploit very practical then. 
okeverything doneupload cgi successful. 
pretty simple question want know any you know any scripts forums and guestbooks are plus that not hash the passwordsmy friend told there some mod for phpbb that changes doesn anymore and the passwords are raw. 
that means you can look them the database without having waste your time with cracking sites. 
anyone know anything have been looking around and luck. 
hope someone can help out. 
other good page xss. 
can some share exploit for wordpress. 
brief article attempts explain the anatomy cross site scripting holes. 
while xss may show many places web application will only focuson one subset the xss issue malicious code injection injection. 
generally the same concepts are also applicable other scripting languages like vbscript jscript and. 
the readers are assumed have some knowledge cross site scripting bugs. 
little knowledge html css and javascript helpful issue. 
feel that xss issue often overlooked not correctly taken care. 
this seemingly trivial hole far more complex problem solve than whati had imagined. 
intention tell you how the typicalxss holes manifest themselves. 
hopefully you will able defend yourselfbuild better web application the very least evaluate your risk better. 
common techniques code injectionmany web applications today are rather interactive. 
very often many parts the web site are under our manipulation. 
for example forum web and. 
these applications users can post messages and most the time users are allowed post message with html tags for formatting. 
now allthese nice features opens oppoturnities for the attackers inject malicious code into the web sites the web applications were poorly written. 
far know these are several categories code injection techniques you know any techniques not listed here please tell script tags alert xss variations cscript ealert xss script alert xss and. 
inline code javascript pseudo protocol variations and. 
the cascading style sheet way variations expression evaluation css. 
done alert xss word wrap expression this. 
done true notes work most browsers but and work browsers only. 
you can see now not quite viable list every possible variations. 
likewise also not very viable filter javascript html tags hardcodedrules. 
the categories techniques let through them one time and see what can done stop such attack. 
not professional programmer countermeasure that put forward here are solely for reference only. 
script tags this the easiest tackle. 
simple translation rule that translates will the job pretty well. 
inline code javascript pseudo protocol again this also relatively easy filter. 
proposed countermeasure will search for pattern javascript and its variations like javascript replace the pattern found with other harmless string just simply delete event handler things are getting tougher for the programmers now. 
for every html tags that are allowedin the message have search for all possible event handlers and defang them. 
for instance search for string onmouseover and replace with other harmless string. 
the cascading style sheet way this one really pain the ass. 
would suggest you look the css complete picture the problem. 
anyway suggestion not tested though will really paranoid and disallow css tags totally this means that have search for style and defang them may also try search for pattern javascript and its variations like javascript and replace them with harmless string expression evaluation css here comes finally ultimate test for the programmers. 
maybe the safest way deal with this one disallow css completely filtering style. 
now should realise that our defense against xss problem very clumsy one. 
there are just too many items check for our list many programmers often overlook some them type and. 
conclusionat the time writing not aware any one size fit all solution that will painlessly eradicatexss problems. 
and believe such solution may not materialise all the near future. 
thankfullywe have yet see mass exploitation xss holes the wild that causes significant financial loss. 
but before happens have extra cautious when building web applications. 
com articles xss faq. 
this vulnerablity webhints scripts and user can execute command. 
try use rainbow table. 
got exploit but don know how use the url. 
com exploits thx and greetzdarkf. 
you need link the file you want include. 
upload the file somewhere. 
you can get wamp and just link your own but course this isn very safe because admin will have your. 
hello tried get the admin password php site with big vulnerability get many tables. 
hello there new this forum and found searching tto see there was way find pssword for vbulletin. 
and see there atleast look slike. 
the problem complete newb when comes this. 
not looking tutor handouts would just simply like know where can read learn how find the passwords vbulletin forums. 
here hash and salt discussed but not sure what all means would like read and try learn what its all about. 
anyone has any idea where can start would greatly appreciate. 
have access every directory unix server. 
etc phpmyadmin has htaccess htpasswd config. 
inc and blowfish secret. 
the auth type set cookie how find the password phpmyadmin. 
trying run this exploit. 
com mxbut get syntax error line when trying execute can someone help pelase. 
same question how can use exploit. 
first all posting vulnerable urls. 
there are many exploits for old versions phpbb search. 
php you need steal the cookie hash for that particular forum use using different forum. 
you have msn plus convos may saved. 
otherwise dont think there any way. 
shell needs use the database localhost. 
any boudy can help have this code plz help. 
onepls tell how hack ftp right way. 
hav been used hydra command line. 
ima bout just program backtrack because everything already there. 
this good idea for beginner. 
alas good news for. 
users with plaintext passes table. 
also like some help using perl use exploit and lots start appear what does this mean would appreciate lot. 
heyso have that box need get access got his which took while get him into trap. 
rdp bruteforce doesnt apply because iam not aware any win server bruteforce tool tried some usual passes though users and all them have passwords. 
smtp service falls away because dont think there are any major exploits which would help. 
iis and theres public exploit atleast not that know ofdefaced already but its simple html website yea. 
yea iam basically stuck what would you suggest except trying make him trojan. 
apache type web server software that behind many websites the internet. 
very large terms software making prone. 
your target running vulnerable version apache you could gain entry relatively quickly the target server one form another. 
when you connect via ftp with fake username and password usually the header the server software and sometimes version. 
try connection the ftp server using fake usernames and passwords and post the entire header the ftp connection have this may able help you. 
scripts perl counter readme not found usr local share perl. 
line mech get uri note used sqlix the distro owasp thak you for you help saludos amigos. 
not all the new features are supported the versions gcc distributed with open source operating systems. 
however sufficient number are now widely available you can start looking seriously adopting features new development especially where they make substantial difference efficiency clarity. 
have retrived this hash from vbulletin. 
could some one pleasedecrypt for. 
tried cain but takes time lot and dfedd. 
this xss for invision power board forums working with. 
found the what appears the intro sectionwas reading thru some threads and was ready comment and saw last post lolyou been around minute two sea. 
runs windows server with microsoft iis. 
don remember the mssql version but will probably new. 
error you have error your sql syntax check the manual that corresponds your mysql server version for the right syntax use near where votehash dbb line. 
rtype its not possible because the votehash. 
try when you uploading shell modify the header content type image gif. 
found this coming while asite and was wounder how cna inject code into itif can update account. 
can successfully execute this query one host for pen testing. 
hello guys new the boards and fairly new exploiting. 
have all the basic details what programs need and forth. 
can someone send the appropriate place here where can learn how gain access roots server get the names and database from certain website that charges way much for photos lol this isn the right place. 
hey need hack someone password php forum can anyone help thanks. 
neat little flash chat application that many use. 
problem many people leave the default passwords entering anything the username and the following default passwords adminpass allows any user login administrator stateless cms mode only modpass allows any user login moderator stateless cms mode only spypass allows any user login spy stateless cms mode onlyto get into the stateless cms mode just use the url like this. 
com chat directory name chat app may use someone who deals social engineering. 
the webserver your webspace does not accept php scripts. 
tried google gimme some asp sites using querystring parameter input. 
just realized that every site except little from brazil vuln. 
bad programmers hahaha format list url descr sep url. 
asp procura microsoft ole provider for odbc drivers erro tcx myodbc you have error your sql syntax near subcategoria like order nome line busca cat. 
asp cat microsoft ole provider for odbc drivers error tcx myodbc you have error your sql syntax. 
check the manual that corresponds your mysql server version for the right syntax use near line categorias. 
asp stt cat http. 
internal server error asp error technical information for support personnel error type microsoft ole provider for odbc drivers microsoft odbc microsoft access driver syntax error string query expression link and secao. 
field error bcd either bof eof true the current record has been deleted. 
requested operation requires current record. 
asp prof entrevista naomicrosoft ole provider for sql server error unclosed quotation mark before the character string. 
asp microsoft ole provider for odbc drivers error microsoft odbc sql server driver sql server unclosed quotation mark before the character string. 
dfs sites valoronline valoreconomico. 
asp link microsoft ole provider for odbc drivers erro microsoft odbc sql server driver sql server unclosed quotation mark before the character string. 
asp idcurso idparceira microsoft vbscript runtime error type mismatch cint domains infnet curso. 
asp editoria retranca microsoft vbscript runtime type mismatch string informatica default. 
asp erro tempo execu microsoft vbscript erro subscrito fora intervalo number index. 
the last vuln for proftpd. 
used web vulnerabilty scanner and found php unspecified remote arbitrary file upload vulnerability the vesion php the site scanned was running. 
com bid but pretty sparse with details could someone give any more info exploiting that. 
phpmyadmin which version try username root without pass. 
order follow this attack you will need copy backtrack final and will need fully updated. 
this can done with apt get update apt get upgrade terminal. 
once you are date change directories the pentest exploits set directory the attack are using the web site java applet which choice what want clone existing website which choice need enter the url the website want clone this case using xkcd. 
com which popular web comic next need choose payload will using the meterpreter payload. 
the next choice make the encoding this used bypass pesky anti virus can also select the number times want encode the payload used for the sake the tutorial but its probably overkill since selected payload which requires reverse connection need enter port for the listener now just hit enter and let set create the evil website every thing went correctly you should looking screen similar this now need get our target visit our evil website its you how this for simplicity are just going send email our unsuspecting target checks his mail and opens the link his browser notice that this point are still the local our evil web server and there digital signature error. 
this error the only indication that this attack taking place. 
once our target accepts the warning message our payload executes our attacking machine one the coolest parts about this attack that soon the target clicks any the links the page they are taken the real page the web and never know what happened game over. 
waraxe you know how can make dll file use for inside pro use this algorithm atleast can you help crack and the way possible forge the cookie but also looking gain acess other parts the site. 
which exploit you talking about this cms have vuln which isbypass admin login sql xsswell the site was vulnerable these exploits should work not mean patched. 
bypasswith this exploit you can bypass admin loginand login admin username. 
remote sql injectionit sql injection bug and you should insert this queryin serach. 
php filed union select admin usernameadmin password from mnl admin you will get admin username password. 
php and insert this alert one waraxe. 
everybodycan someone tell why and how this injection works and ascii lower substring database select union all select mean what does the differnet variables mean fos substring know the function but what does mean write database arguments array want create script tackle responses what must change this injection there other possible injections extract table names short want know the theoretical basis all that wenta skout. 
center size font arial guys. 
multiclicker new multi platform multi account and multi ptc autoclicker written java. 
multiclicker designed easily extended with more directly users. 
contains built builder sdk with debugging support. 
developer may choose build ptc plugins called simply site now with wizard directly source code even using both techniques. 
font size size color black tutorial color size confirmation center url. 
com cypvj dcm color darkorange size click here for download size color url url. 
whatever you have between the single quotes sql considers that data. 
you cannot have embedded query like that. 
you are trying something like perl and php sql. 
maybe one solution for your prob. 
might select from put temp variable and then use that temp vble the insert. 
you might have cursor insert new value the temp variable loop. 
looks something like this mssql declare varchar select from where insert into test. 
conf and find full path other sites. 
then try enter other sites. 
only root have access etc shadow and some bug appz. 
can anybody help out with uploading shell cutenews serveri see that waraxe told that there was some possibilities but did not find way. 
have admin access cutenews. 
also got phpinfo with editing templates waraxe showed somewhere what would next step also uploaded. 
jpg server but cant open guess did this wrong anyway what should now know have tried various things what found google but luckc. 
jpegbut non them work guess only way editing templates. 
just want crack the time given these dll. 
hope anyone can crack this for. 
you need access only databases use sqlyog. 
dmc tool that pings services trigger reverse call any number portugal. 
dmc takes advantage day flaw the client side popular program. 
com file exijz fudmuh dmc distributed mass caller. 
com file cde dfed dde cea analysis want support the dmc project and receive more powerfull tool reply back send email privateloader hotmail. 
this tutorial will disclose how know user has apple product just digging around with there email. 
the software used email recon. 
write the email the box and search. 
most users use there name and surname while registering facebook open notepad and copy paste the name and surname select apple email recon. 
write the box the first name then the surname and finally the email address. 
message will say the email associated apple product. 
anyone could help would greatly appreciate. 
javascript file site seems vulnerable some sort attack where the hacker able append iframe the bottom the file. 
tried few things such changing permissions the file however this has not helped. 
please can someone offer any suggestions. 
have researched this google and have only found one relevant link here. 
php vbulletin footer sql injection hackthe page that being targeted called cappuccino. 
and this the code available here. 
jsthis the code the attacker able append the script. 
have years and from kosovo and metohija acually serbia and montenegro have problems with hash. 
can someone decrypt these hash for. 
ffedbb fbcb would very thankuffull. 
are isolated and have internet once twice week and can not find tutorials and programs. 
plz help mei need some programs and tutorials. 
these hash need for school special school for programming and design. 
proffesor gona very happy when see this. 
you really think that. 
com smain getpassword impossible penetrate think its. 
indeed think full holes. 
the only problem its that don know how yet. 
anyone help thanks lot. 
can upload files withselect from upshell into outfile home. 
php when try upload form upload shell include shell its tell when run. 
dont have privilege saywarning move uploaded file function. 
move uploaded file safe mode restriction effect. 
the script whose uid not allowed access home owned uid home. 
new this forum put searching sql infection hack foe month friend said foru mit really rocks and very helpfully put question where can find the sql infection programm cant answer its will not flame put can help post link here will thank you very much thanx for time. 
hii new the exploit thing maybe questions will seem ridiculous but here they are trying get account for forum wich has two types users basic and premium. 
first try sql injection using perl that exploit remote command execution vulnerability for phpbb. 
register globals and magic quotes off. 
here the script modified fit needs. 
http referer program that generates links for you without the http referer. 
there are plenty services that removes the referer online but with this program you can flash. 
the main goal use http referer mislead the server where the link came from removing this information webmaster will not see his her stats will have bogus url which will point back the site. 
com file bbdb afd analysis. 
welcome mobile prank hacktool world after. 
new and fresh update been released. 
has major update with lot diferent services make pranks using browser. 
mobile prank hacktool browser mobile prank tool were anyone can make calls send smss any number the world. 
com pzcx irus scan. 
read everything tried everything. 
nothing worksthe url goes like this newspop. 
asp arrid this the sql injection partas said before tried everything know and read yet can execute one single command like dir any kind advise highly appreciated. 
ive done the ipb forum hacking did that for weeks now bored phoning the owner and making them annoyed and ive used sql injection normal websitesim just wondering anyone got any decent tuts and vids rfi more thing can gain full system shell use rfi thank you. 
don know any algorythm that produces what you postedit looks like bit hash which never heared. 
the string makes even less sense that the output you get from putting the hash some editor multiple probably indicate your editor cannot display certain characters. 
are you sure this the complete hash. 
target was testing had some very low version mysql and thus nounion support. 
other targets worked fine just improved needed script. 
php debug variable union select table. 
therei testing following application which contains this line script. 
everyone completely new this and would like gain admin account for particular forum running ipb. 
have idea how this any help would greatly appreciated. 
info such what programs need and links download them would helpful also. 
have idea when comes running using the script the thread. 
interested and private messaged you for more details. 
nowell the best working private message. 
one way not afraid the reader the redirection redirect his message window and delete the crafted message. 
works some don even notice redir. 
was wondering theres anyway log users passwords plain text they log and send them email for example. 
noob this have ideathanks. 
try uploading image shell. 
image with some php code there. 
use the lfi load the image and the php will run. 
try including shell some sort some simple php code give basic command line. 
make new post and add uploadthis. 
html fileadd this html file post attachment alert vuln then click the attachment anyobdy got this working steals cookies. 
not sure where post this here goes. 
gained access phpmyadmin server using weak loginhowever there functional tables this just test and information schemanow that the server with some extended permissions are the any exploits can use gain access server extract info file disclosure etc maybe uplaod shellthanks. 
use proxies very easy use and learn. 
for easy guide search google and for the proxy ists too. 
can you give some link from tutorial beacouse and dont understand php thanks. 
where put this url bar. 
all that script does show your own cookie. 
for work you need get someone else cookie. 
againanother website disabled the use parentheses any injection effort with ends error pagehow else can get the database name because database useless. 
this sounds really tempting. 
know website really love get access tocan you explain how show topic where explained anythin that helped you can help guess. 
but you use whois siteand you come with server type apache that actually the server software not. 
sql injection what safe writing web application and ofcourse has safe what safe since sql injection upcoming trend need make sure app safe from sql injection attacks. 
don believe you can prevent succesfull injection just escape your data with mysql real escape string php. 
what your advice lord vader. 
post bear with say wanted hack forum such. 
php read some thing about the cookie changing method and have tried this with the same hashes other people have used for different forums. 
think this the reason doesn log into any admin account and does not appear anything different refreshing the page. 
this the case can someone tell where get the hash key need put into the cookie box please what doing using firefox addon going the forum tools live http headers refresh the page getting something such. 
hey there are these guys. 
and they just shut down forum. 
they are group called iamthewalrus. 
far they have hacked emails youtube forums. 
made new one after they shut down first. 
now they shutdown new one they have also hacked chats. 
and put referral website. 
when you visit porn sites pop. 
they say they are the best. 
and can not stop them. 
they have forums and irc chat. 
please please teach how little damage them. 
this one the most advanced forums know. 
and anyone can put them their place would you guys. 
sorry for taking your timethanks for reading alsoif this this post goes against any rules. 
someone can decrypt the root user. 
trying upload with what try give more info. 
google might help you. 
would like get into custom built php site. 
all need get into the mysql database. 
and somehow into their ftp can download their files because and rpg game and want own one lol. 
just sql injection that can give the username and password and someway get their ftp info. 
know one thing they are hosting with ipowerweb. 
you need put the script onto site one which accepts php and there tutorial how this hope this helps. 
little more information can helpful for some people. 
what kind site you have something yet still the start. 
did you try google the error you may have more luck with english error btw. 
which wamp version did you download. 
put limit the end your query. 
the only for this one site. 
need way hack phpbb board. 
got about much intelligence computers does the average man. 
hello can anyone tell what this code. 
try use instead space likeid orid. 
there critical xss vulnerability within the theming section the admin panel they not removing tags such. 
css file change description description alert description. 
cookiethe final example obviously the worst. 
wanted have the vulnerability execute while staying hidden could create hidden iframe and execute the redirect the iframe. 
this vulnerability simple one and quite surprised see. 
they don filter this input assume you don filter other input from themes such the footer the iframe example used above placed the footer theme the situation could even more dangerous. 
website using the url. 
com wordpress the cookies. 
com are also insecure. 
have contacted them about the issue get early before they patch. 
sorry thought lego use proxies very easy use and learn. 
its program that uses proxy servers all over the world making your different. 
can set change every second every minute. 
can make browsing little slower but the more you use the net the faster gets you want you can stick the same proxy fake. 
got super admin rights site. 
hacked using sql injection. 
now its back end displays everythign from its sms gateway and all can even use. 
the problem tried upload shell but don see any out put. 
the backend has template edit option but many text boxes html and php script run. 
but when copy past shell script. 
the out put nothing. 
hii uploaded shell the. 
server but want penetrate the. 
server what can goal the database the. 
the sqlconnector displays the. 
hey there any way retrieve old msn convos have the option set off for saving convos. 
have finding exploit sql injection and whene want see all table and name concat didnt work for. 
alright first all hello everyone rather new this yadda yadda. 
know this situation has been given and discussed several times before but hasn been solved point where can understand yet. 
this topic fits perfectly got admin access cutenews. 
system but have trouble uploading the php shell. 
the shell webserver well hard drive course. 
have followed all the steps that have been described but said haven gotten far enough. 
all the topics have been abandoned and left with open questions least from point view and since topic reviving can quite annoying starting this one. 
thus would like somebody answer maybe even give step step instruction the question what now edit the templates include the shell. 
have already tried things like this and derivated versions that with little success. 
got see the config. 
php but had undo cover any traces quickly. 
can simply replace that php function the end linux commands such webgetting shell thank you very much advance final. 
powered blueboard you can see says blueboard. 
never saw board like this before and pretty sure the not bulletin board for short. 
there any exploits for blueboard. 
root linux user not mysql. 
you can read files then you have many options. 
try using mysql read etc passwd. 
match passwords with mysql users other passwords you have gathered. 
would want check the version the sql server they are using and look for exploits who knows maybe you will get more than just your target database. 
well first get the type software used the target server once you have that you can start look into exploits for the sortware. 
any body know about any working exploit against redhat box its has webserver mailserver mysql server etc running. 
try this user pass its old old exploit but one that doesn look blocked for you. 
should log you the first account the database using the highest level administrator. 
well you can find what kernel using software versions and search for working exploits for that version software kernel. 
ask around here once you find out what the full kernel version using and someone may able supply you with working exploit. 
already gained access phpmyadmin via the web interface with the username and blank password. 
but there are usable tables this particular. 
can use any sql injections commands other methods gain further access info from server now that logged into the pmaver. 
there option import txt file. 
can upload shell here thanks. 
there more then error saying missing like dll and when look the folder the dll are there. 
sand used wamp server. 
mucha and new waraxe. 
usi planning learn how get acces phpbb hashes. 
looked your phpbb section and tried the xss that steals cookie and generates cookies. 
txt your own server. 
well that didn work for. 
maybe because that forum running. 
there way for user see that don now that going work. 
but then there somthing now shit about the injection and stuff. 
how you rune such scripts their server can someone explain this type gaining information from phpbb what you think the easiest best way hack phpbb very happy found this forum what already read here day more than month google. 
then the last bytes are flags possibly used the calculation. 
encryption ever generates one pair space characters one pair one pair ascii two groups ascii sif you can try other user pass data and see what happens bytes perhaps the turn then. 
you are honestly trying help out. 
sending string code through char variable called psndbuffer. 
the first char ckey char dwsize. 
the string consists ckey player name noob account name test server name then this encrypted account password. 
below seperate encryption code that being used after getting the encrypted account password. 
the encrypted account password the last bytes. 
the entire string being sent this code below further encrypted this example has different account name password which test asshole. 
buffer char int psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer psndbuffer for int dwsize psndbuffer ckey psndbuffer char psndbuffer ckey dwsize. 
hello new here registered this forum for reasons which have one question for you. 
alarmini paradox system and lost keychain. 
the company that was equipped with longer exists and the other will not work and have some astronomical cost fix came buy online nedje the key this model whether solve the problem just buy key and will work because now store the other not protected. 
did you try not use the semi colon instead maybe use onlyand how you know you have update permission. 
guysi trying find out how this exploit working. 
com exploits tried sites and seems that not working any suggestions. 
yea but something seems wrong because when edit cookies firefox automatic resets them. 
any fix for that. 
hello again pink spiderwhat makes you think forum not. 
just adult site thank you for trying further help but already solved the matter yesterday and was able find out which databases exist that site. 
however your help didn vain because found out about schemata. 
thanks again and tried because you wanted know about the last code you postedno. 
please note there three parties. 
target website for which you want the cookie stealed. 
attacker website contains info that victim visiting for and additionally cookie stealing iframe frame. 
victim person who needs active both target website and attacker website. 
and target website must contain xss security hole. 
you are taloking about html and javascript enabled then probably you mean this persistent xss where javascript can injected permanently target website content. 
still most xss security holes real world are reflective xss. 
org wiki cross site read wikipedia and xss whitepapers available web. 
there lot theory behind this you can just jump and start exploiting xss read basics first. 
hidear all members need your help till night its urgrnti had sql injection server asp mssql error based attack and with foolish mistake drop their table and they enumurate this attack and blocked and repaired their bug now have all the tables and columns. 
need insert one row and data entry please help didnt find any sqli their website but hope with this info can what want can insert rows their database without sql errors the normal pages and what query need this the table name user and columns are plnuser top top side ref holdername nickname nic tap phonecode phone email registerdate currentbalance profit activated restricted tradingid password cntryid dwn left dwn right username usernamestatus gender investamount usertype birthdate lastlog tempactivation viewnoteemail nicdate plbstatus plbprofit clamount cramount llamount lramount wlamount wramount omt wpoint wbonds wbondsamount tmpplbprofit tmpcntbit plbbit lastmonthplb plramount plbplantprofit plant status plant status screturnamount tactivated scactivated enddate newplbstatus offlinepath calculated firstname lastname fathername every body. 
guysi just would like know how can add new hash modules passwords pro old version because know how the last version. 
but did not find methodo the older and full version. 
could please somebody teach thanks advancecheers. 
mysql real escape string supposed pretty good job. 
magic quotes gpc enabled first apply stripslashes the data. 
using this function data which has already been escaped will escape the data twice. 
also note mysql real escape string does not escape and. 
these are wildcards mysql combined with like grant revoke. 
also ensure that all user input limited set length. 
choose the characters that are allowed for input and manually ensure server side that those are the only ones that are accepted. 
think that would cover pretty well. 
sorry for poor english you know theses tools are usefull make more easly sql injection the links these tools are already this forum. 
know what sql injection and know how exploit them. 
but really strange not able understand how theses tools works how use them know how exploit without these tools sql injection don need them true but they can help really want know how use them. 
question these tools got the same fonction anyone can explain how they works there tuts something else learn how using them thanks. 
com file obk wgwz html teacher. 
com file dcacabf analysis. 
all need help with hack root from website that use phpmyadmin. 
think can done with brute force but will take time that anyone please tell another way sqli maybe. 
safe mode bypass curlgeneral problem exists curl functions because are changed safe mode strings arechange. 
next bug exists prefix file because safe mode checks onlypath file. 
example safe mode bypass exploit. 
file curl exec var dump curl exec safe mode bypass exploit. 
safe mode checks only access only file. 
you can include any files from directory where script. 
but this exploit you can only read files from directory where this script. 
there another conception for exploit you have access directory rights where you want read files. 
you want include files from home czarnobyl. 
php you should make dir like home czarnobyl. 
php safe mode bypass exploit. 
safe mode checks access file file home czarnobyl. 
php and curl include only file home czarnobyl. 
php because are ending path file. 
ask myself possible construct php page insert the site order start the bug and use for inclusion. 
upload image where don think there any place upload img let alone shell image you mean image. 
waiting month and one answe iknow many users have can anytone help dont need for webpage. 
usb retriever utility was design simple. 
basically what does copy files from any usb device your hard disk. 
this tool was intent installed public access computers such libraries schools and runs the background copying files the hard disk when device plug into the computer. 
although runs standard executable and saves files automatically this program requires administrator privileges order run each time the computer starts. 
the source code available the archive for. 
com wytytsvirus scan detected some antivirus this because using outdated compiler. 
org filescanjob sdzkg vaji. 
perhaps more information needed contact post reply give you some official url needed. 
have been trying install hydra for little while now. 
have basically knowledge experience cmd hacking cygwin and hydra. 
tried using cygwin but cannot manage install that through cmd either. 
followed steps correctly but keep getting the result that either cygwin hydra not recognized internal external command operable program batch file. 
not sure having space admin name has anything with this. 
these are the sites used. 
com password cracking with thchydr. 
com watch vdi upuv. 
com how install hydra windows cygwin. 
org questions linux general running cygwin windows trying compile and run thc hydra anyone has the patience please help figure out what can can finally use hydra thc. 
was assuming the first characters hex sinceda all characters are within fand assumption right the colon probably not part the hash. 
but since two characters hex string make one byte the first last byte wouldn complete. 
don know any hash that defaults bit output each hex character represents bits. 
also tried comparing the and sha test this string but doesn seem substring any those. 
afraid can help you with this one. 
you say the last bytes form the password then would contain some hexadecimal characters following eachoter space characters and hash produces something like that. 
think your password from index which are bytes hex characters edc bba ddcb afcfollowed either server some coding perhaps some flags. 
asshole doesn get you that string though perhaps another algorythm. 
the password index for sure. 
thanks for taking interest the problem. 
must some kind home made encryption like the code posted above. 
php mode viewcat page. 
give thiswarning mysql num rows supplied argument not valid mysql result resource home patentba public html eurls. 
com smarty libs plugins function. 
com search keywords search nameshelf catalog mode searchresults category allcat submit price date listing type auction length sortby domain shown give thiswarning mysql num rows supplied argument not valid mysql result resource home patentba public html eurls. 
php line warning mysql fetch array supplied argument not valid mysql result resource home patentba public html eurls. 
php line someone can tell what can injection. 
description dedicated exploiter advanced wevdav vulnerable scanner with many and unique features. 
automatic tool which can automate the process hacking dedicated servers. 
consists four parts the grabberthe webdav finderthe vulnerable scannerthe auto shelleryou are also able use these tools with your input. 
ideal for beginners who want get their first dedicated server well for experts who want increase their quantity dedicated servers. 
main features automatic grabbergrab from any siterange generator nonstop option grab from fileextremely fast and accurate ways getting the sfully customizable auto page changerip limit for memory webdav dir findergets the grabbed and checks webdav dir existssplit the into working and non workingtimeout optiontotally scannerchecks with webdav dir and pass can modifiedshell uploaderupload user defined php letter for temporary features secure hwid login update systemexport file optionremote desktop code structure url. 
com vlioo hbbtn ymg color darkorange size click here for download size color url url. 
wlxf color lime size click here for download size color url color red scan report color. 
private loader was been design simple and efective tool promote your files and text across multiple online sites. 
this the control panel used private loader manage and share files across the web. 
complete tool upload files images videos and texts snap. 
this tool has limitation which that doesn have any accounts available you will have register and use the same browser that you register launch private loader. 
the login credentials will have saved the browser. 
this done simply saving usernames and passwords the browser the form cookies. 
for safe usage use portable version any browser out there. 
html write skype hit the prank buttondownload. 
com virustotal html file harm will your files and works all plataforms. 
lol good luck withthat. 
this one simple and good. 
thought about using rootkit you can find some good ones linux site. 
whats guysanyone have advice experience when trying hide shell webserver. 
what been doing hiding the shell inside existing file with something like this. 
isset cookie itsme shell code and then obfuscating the code. 
have tried all there islike simple pocs but the database not spiting any errorscan someone give hand since kinda new injectionhere the form. 
you can try with. 
well the question would which forum are you trying hack. 
check out the advisories for sql injection this site all the queries you need pass are pretty much there. 
this like custom hack you are trying you need figure out the table structure column names etc and then craft your query. 
using this exploit for oscommerce. 
com exploits know the details and everything but what can where can possibly try and find phpmyadmin anything better use know the location backups folder but obviously don know the backup file names. 
have look here dude. 
you cant use order for geting many columns ofcouse any functionthis. 
read some articles about injection and retrieving information but still newbie. 
recently been looking this website. 
comi found that they have lot pages that come the url this. 
html spell estormi also noticed that this looks lot like the different examples articles read about sql injection. 
was wondering there would anyway could maybe pull information from the database thinking that maybe some password files are stored the database. 
maybe someone could give some hints suggestions appreciate greatly. 
maybe even some articles that would lead how determine what asp php sql mysql some sort information regarding injection that would work against this system they have place that too would appreciated. 
would recommend reading sql injection. 
com search sql injectionas well learn some php. 
com search php tutorialand some perl. 
com search perl tutorialthen grab some phpbb source code look for try steal cookies and take word for you ever get the admin panel backup the database and copy your drive from there you can retrieve passwords reverse mod passwords and with some luck expose opening that will allow you write backdoors all over the site code. 
sorry didn read the title. 
alli scan few networks websites and test them and also scan software but there something dont get. 
how hearth use the mod frontpage vulnerability cve cant find any complete information this one and also cant find any kind exploit. 
thanks advance for any help. 
have question concerning posting private phpbb forum user that does not have permissions see post the private forum. 
our phpbb has post private forum registered member who most certainly does not have permissions see much less post the private forum. 
was wondering how someone could this and how can prevent. 
website has php platinum. 
since has web server check the pages that are there for any cms. 
check who the provider the server hosting etcif you spend some more time and gather all the info that you can find and not just ports and versions sure that you will able smthhave mind that this actions are illegal. 
wow you can that doesn check the mime type the file. 
how does one test for exploits particular web server that may allow outsider remote access the server database perhaps allowing someone view user account information incl. 
seen this posted here before but figured post again since couldn seem find. 
this works pirated versions since most the time the administrator isn slick enough remove the install files. 
try this before you use any sql injections break your back trying find good perl exploit. 
php step backup sqltable table userthat will download the user table. 
php step backup sqltablethat will download the entire database works almost any. 
that pirated which most are. 
don understand clearly please reply with detaile. 
ive been experimenting with phpnuke site that know vulnerablev running the latest version wamp. 
however absolutely cant seem get any them work. 
know that its vulnerable. 
org exploits but keep getting errors. 
researched and found out that its because apache mod security. 
any suggestions getting around edit update ive tried. 
org exploits and all the exploits written for. 
but have gotten nowhere. 
lets say the site. 
would the syntax name script. 
com dont know what they mean folder where ipb installed. 
this for koko script cuz think has the potential work ipb. 
final but not know how harness. 
nope software that could find. 
know these dbs from connecting through another server. 
set free host that supports asp. 
trying make sql injection. 
the input field type and got. 
managed crack one them edbb pizon hope helped. 
unless you left any your permissions open. 
sql injection common hack but your site unlikely targeted. 
just asks you use table for your query. 
the script does not know where select nothing. 
this means your query quite broken. 
has select bla from foo where blafoo. 
was reading some stuff andfind out this soft. 
give try and downl. 
and try some sytes. 
anyway works for one syte got like cross syte scripting errors. 
scanned one online server and get smth like this seemes that user credentials are sent shop login. 
this vulnerability affects shop login. 
php get username password remember yup. 
third party may able read the user credentials intercepting unencrypted http connection. 
can use possible get webshop possible how can that. 
this form input possible upload file the server. 
this vulnerability affects wow templates offlike admin index. 
user may upload malicious files server. 
this directory brings from that. 
server wow was like wtf like ftw serveri full with stuff what can upload good suggestions. 
when try fck something got this warning invalid argument supplied for foreach appserv wow templates offlike admin admin. 
php line got any suggestions what can. 
this first message this forumbut not newbiewell you know remview. 
php file administration scriptcan saved text file. 
and script victim with site php course has bug you may divert the link and you may reach till rootdepending the file permissionsi have tried with some german guestbooks and they all worked well. 
its uses what its used for mighty confused. 
hate the site that spent hour hacking only find that logging the admin has admin panel the admin pass for the site isnt the same for the admin section. 
fukin pop script that asks for another uname pass. 
htmlhere nice tip how manually concatenate zip files. 
now you can easily create files. 
ion will only work with some databases evade this. 
mysql treats field seporator. 
this will not work. 
also checking for such things. 
but what the query string manipulated like how php will url decoding the query string when assigns request get post cookies when doing register globals assignments. 
also other string manipulation later might change something the query string. 
checking for union and nuke authors bad idea. 
will deny many false positives you check for post data and will not any good you dont check post data. 
forget cms html yourself just suggestion. 
just wanna say thank you for the information that you have been shared. 
glad that have read your post. 
how iinstall the gcc when iget cygwin. 
messing around with this what happeningi changed the which only files reguser. 
php the root the chipmonk forum folder and one the admin folder called reguser. 
php and changed password said this before password pass post password password password and now says password pass post password password password password also added copy the table users and called users but kinda stuck how alter will make copy that table can you help can anyone help when did the password instead got this errorfatal error call undefined function password public html monk reguser. 
php line close can taste itp. 
using this forum that way everyone knows what messing with. 
php anyone knows how this has done allready with another board style will gladly try what you got but only doing this one since its really small and easy understand. 
wow waraxe you are god now comes the big super question can you please help with this there anyway can ask you either show tutor that out there what the code that supposed add looks like great adding mods boards but not pro php and sql but fast learner the chipmonk board posted the link for perfect you can show something for that even phpbb hell any board not picky anything will. 
happy enough just get answer from someone who knows what asking about again thank you for answering question. 
hope you can help making tutor even premade file anything can get this uploaded and get going. 
final being hacked before bit more research and find out possible. 
please can somebody give tool for mass defacement that can identify injection hole sites and also can somebody explain into details how hack into server using shell and upload into the server. 
will glad this anybody can help. 
will proud any help you render. 
dont really know what going here. 
tested out net view today and there are over coputer the local network and remembered that friend once did net send with this and later that day was called down the office. 
well could just gone directly there. 
nhtu check the url. 
and again here after while gave but today finally got but there new problem for what don know what and how fix hope you can help with that. 
just question searched google for phpbbexpl. 
exe but results were found can have clue where may find. 
cool man you are idol lol. 
net using aspx pages making hard job for sql inj. 
btw wtf site that. 
when trying anything php related get error stating oci. 
dll get error stating the procedure entry point ocilobread could not located the dynamic link library oci. 
dll any ideas help would appreciated. 
what programs use combile. 
sorry but cant get what the point your question its all about maybe thats why nothin answering your questionplease give more specific and detail. 
php probably turned offphp flag engine offwhich why php gets printed rather then parsed. 
upload some picture the server under your control. 
then use that picture avatar signature bbcode image target forum. 
all users browsing that forum topic will leave traces the log files your server. 
alternative way just linking your website best pics free movies etc and then look for logs. 
even better you can try csrf tricks xss browser activex mozilla plugin java applet malware and similar stuff real time. 
windows universal language utility manager exploit can someone please complie this for think its. 
don have time study crpt utility manager exploit. 
modified kralor crpt gets system language and sets windows names work any win feel free add other languages you know where are. 
original disclaimer cesar cerrudo sqlsec. 
com local elevation priviliges exploit for windows utility manager second one gives you shell with system privileges you have problems try changing sleep values. 
end original disclaimer include. 
struct int char utilman char winhelp char open lang gestionnaire utilitaires aide windows ouvrir french utility manager windows help open english void print lang int char lang list neutral arabic bulgarian catalan chinese czech danish german greek english spanish finnish french hebrew hungarian icelandic italian japanese korean dutch norwegian polish portuguese romanian russian croatian serbian slovak albanian swedish thai turkish urdu indonesian ukrainian belarusian slovenian estonian latvian lithuanian farsi vietnamese armenian azeri basque fyro macedonian georgian faeroese hindi malay kazak kyrgyz swahili uzbek tatar not supported punjabi gujarati not supported tamil telugu kannada not supported not supported marathi sanskrit mongolian galician the best konkani not supported not supported syriac not supported not supported divehi invariant printf lang list return int set lang void unsigned int lang usrlang sysidid lang sys primarylangid lang usr primarylangid lang usr lang sys printf warning user language differs from system language printf. 
system print lang lang sys printf. 
user print lang lang usr printf select getch printf wrong choice leaving. 
exit printf system language return lang sys elseprintf user language return lang usr void banner system cls printf crpt utility manager exploit. 
modified kralor crpt printf base code cesar cerrudo printf you know where are. 
return int main int argc char argv hwnd lhandle lhandle point point char cmd windir system cmd. 
unsigned int iint lang idbanner printf gathering system language information lang set lang printf language. 
print lang lang for. 
lang breakif sizeof lang sizeof lang printf error undefined language. 
return printf trying execute program with system priviliges through utilman. 
exe printf prog cmd run utility manager system utilman. 
exe start winexec utilman. 
exe start hide sleep lhandle findwindow null lang. 
utilman lhandle printf error unable start utilman. 
return postmessage lhandle right click the app button the taskbar alt space bar sleep sendmessage lhandle send commandhelp lparam must null sleep sendmessage findwindow null lang. 
winhelp ime keydown return sleep find open file dialog windowlhandle findwindow lang. 
open get input box handle lhandle getdlgitem lhandle sleep set text filter listview display only cmd. 
exe sendmessage lhandle settext lparam cmd sleep send return sendmessage lhandle ime keydown return get navigation bar handle lhandle getdlgitem lhandle send tab sendmessage lhandle ime keydown tab sleep lhandle findwindowex lhandlenull shelldll defview null get list view handle lhandle getdlgitem lhandle sendmessage lhandle ime keydown send char sendmessage lhandle ime keydown send char sendmessage lhandle ime keydown send char sleep popup context menu postmessage lhandle contextmenu sleep get context menu handle point. 
lhandle point sendmessage lhandle keydown down move down menu sendmessage lhandle keydown down move down menu sendmessage lhandle keydown return send return sendmessage lhandle close close open file dialog window sleep sendmessage findwindow null lang. 
winhelp close close open error findwindow null lang. 
utilman close close utilitymanager return. 
you don have perl installed yet then try for example activeperl. 
hii wanted knowis there anyway can hide domain name. 
for phishing need make use hosting plan. 
but the problem don want people know domain name. 
basically say made fake gmail. 
htmlor somethign which can completely hide domain name. 
what can with this error. 
gmail does that when you click download picture attachment downloads and doesnt open the browser. 
but what was thinking this you are simple user forum where you have rights upload pics zip files attachment could you somehow fool the browser the mime type detection that lets you upload php script thinking that its actually jpeg. 
change every pass this server. 
here need search disk this shell. 
found files target forum. 
one file was dude. 
and the other was bblite. 
both those files find whole lot. 
tpl files which kinda looks like frame for the forum very basic view the admin panel and other elements the forum. 
there any file there that might help get admin access the target forum the link for the file downloaded was. 
this anoying where are you. 
you really could start from there the password for front page extensions search cracker. 
really dont know what programs cracks front page password. 
don like magic quotes magic quotes. 
hey pretty stupid could you break down. 
nop this weakness more like feature and quite useless case smf. 
yes know this tool all version very complete. 
next thing where can find what can. 
doing this first time its hard. 
please get the way. 
managed edit cokies just dont know what have change the template code tired but then shows some errors. 
first one about rfi have found rfi vuln site atleast tihnk what should dot next have made host and uploaded. 
and did something like this. 
phpbut seems nothing happens. 
for rfi there not many tuts what have found. 
what moust common errors which lead rfi would nice could show exmples like sql inj. 
you have error your sql syntax what ussual next step rfi always upload some shell script something dont kinda get. 
what should know undertstand better rfi mby someone got some good tutoirals about this what know need know all about victim. 
what running there php html. 
would nice get redir. 
something like rooting for what what can with. 
hope get some help with this. 
yes there private school for programming. 
thx you wana help memy english very bad. 
tried too same thing happens. 
well maybe filtred anyway thanx. 
ive noticed that lots sites arent filtring user input. 
php newsid union select into outfile shell. 
php access denied for user zbuxki. 
using password yes also tried similar. 
php newsid union select hello world into outfile zbas. 
html and didn worked both. 
access denied for user zbuxki. 
using password yes what are possibilities bypass this have waysmanners bye guyss. 
just fucking google ithere. 
hii got shell from bigg ass servertoo many sites can defaced but dont care bout all jst want one and dont wanna give haven access for writin that directorywell think must get root access for deface that siteeverything but cant get back connect well think the fuckin firewall stop everybody can help how can solve this problem and wtf can. 
you know you don know how use exploit. 
you probably shouldn using them altogether. 
they were originally intended for use security analysts. 
table and column names can enumerated via information schema mysql version. 
they must bruteforced guessed. 
this hash you got old style mysql hash. 
and the way you can read mysql. 
user table then you probably have file privileges too. 
which means that you can try read and write local files load file and into outfile. 
there two private rsa keys case gmail ssl connection one private key somewhere google servers and another web client home. 
and course private rsa keys ever will sent over the wire. 
and you can somehow steal one both these private keys you can decrypt sessiont keys used encrypt actual data stream. 
bottom line only you can break target home and steal private key then you can read half traffic coming from gmail server. 
another example you have just hacked some webstore server and got private key from webserver. 
let assume that not password protected etc. 
now you sniff traffic between any clients and that compromised webserver then you are able read traffic from client webserver. 
data from webserver client remains encrypted. 
there are course mitm possibilities but that another strory. 
ssl meant secure and. 
far new security holes are not developed. 
invisionfree they are specialized free forum hosting and sure that security there important factor easy hacking there. 
your website has files right means that direct hacking very unlikely succeed. 
one can try know ftp credentials bruteforce social engineering etc. 
there can day exploits for apache even against linux kernel stack. 
but still best chances are for attacking via neighbors. 
form msnh attacker can find security hole one the websites colocated same webserver your site then final goal your website defacement may possible. 
one can never certain. 
sure left this topicno one else will reply coz this kinda topics and questions are useless onewill reply. 
hack and security not like that like nowu decide hack urtargetipb. 
com you will open topicand asking for program bug. 
you have start reading tut instead ofopening such topics suggest and search google for these vuln srfi lfi sql injection xss rfu rce. 
which common web application vulnerabilites. 
and learn about them also beside this and start programmingc php. 
and hey remember you can hack sitejust night this help good luck. 
one microsoft ole provider for odbc drivers error microsoft odbc sql server driver sql server select permission denied object sysxlogins database master owner dbo. 
the other ismicrosoft jet database engine error could not find file windows system inetsrv master. 
was able get the master columns sysusers master key couldn download the data. 
suppose that means don have the rights download but just browse. 
are only options bruteforce the dbo account. 
helloi try get access wbb. 
forum want drop shell. 
first all already have full access mysql database which running target server. 
also have read access the forum database. 
using navicat have two super moderator accounts. 
net account from one the two admins. 
fedora serverdo anyone maybe know how can upload shell. 
php this server already tryed several things but cant get working. 
there maybe exploit could use hope you have few new ideas what could try sry for bad english write english examen weeks but cant speak english lol. 
you don need single quotes here get syntax right try using parentheses. 
never heard safe mode bypass. 
but perhaps just because not that into deep with web cgi php toolkit know. 
only option bruteforce using wordlists old good trial error method. 
you need script program for this. 
and secret folder has long name then can virtually impossible reveal. 
have successfully negotiated the relevant tables and exported all the usernames passwords etc excel file. 
the passwords are hashed and salt. 
have the salt information separate column. 
now have few questions very bish apologise advance. 
since have the entire base can just modify some way reveal all the hashed passwords into plain text. 
getting head around rainbow tables. 
ran sample the hashes through some the online crackers but had luck. 
because the salt assume how incorporate the salt information stored the relevant column support the cracking process. 
also have all the plaintext private messages that were sent via the bulletin board that the sql file came from approx. 
there technique for searching this data for particular strings anybody has any other ideas and what would love hear them. 
was wondering anybody have the exploit code get the salt for vbbulletin deluxebbi have exploit here. 
there easy way this. 
you can try educated guess wordlist bruteforce methods. 
and analyze target website html form source code post parameters naming tends correlate with sql database schema naming. 
and whene try this. 
help for still the sameim using url encoder from winfosec but sure thats not the problem. 
commands for this tool posting them will appricated. 
not say same dos commandsi need more them. 
there security hole bug vbulletin. 
seem work but stupid the compromise post seemed japanese don understand anything. 
try another machine edit when try var log error message but when try another var log all log are here. 
duno why but can more etc passwd but can command. 
yes like know that too someone. 
use vpnalso can use sock. 
when try upload php code says that the game invalid. 
server aight anyways already said you have the mysql root password you should find way run sql code because with root privs you can load file and select into outfile. 
oksafter making some several probes whith some versions this the result mercuryboard. 
don you know phpmyadmin basics select needed database left upper corner then left you will see table names. 
look for users table. 
next you can browse user rows and copy paste needed info. 
better choice export you can have all userdata once. 
can see any interesting stuff you can with xss here. 
most useful security holes are local and remote file inclusions remote code executions and sql injections that opinion. 
have been able get any hash using this exploit then log with any user changing the cookie with firefox problem when log admin quickly sends back the index with error message you are not authorized enter this site however able see. 
nordik unsure what you are trying say. 
you mean put likeexploit. 
com folder ipb would appreciate your help. 
thanks for the replies. 
use mysql real escape string for security. 
waraxe yes use but only posted part code. 
htmluseful for sql injection exploiting mysql oracle mssql msaccess and postgresql databases. 
will encode plaintext strings helping evade php magic quotes and other similar obstacles way sql injection exploitation. 
design and layout will improved near future. 
and course feedback welcome. 
all know this code vunarable for sql injection. 
here little piece php code. 
let explain better there lot scripts out there and not everyone has their passwords convert. 
some into flatfile your sql database just plain text and that want looking for. 
why waste your time trying convert passwords when you could use script made forum guestbook which requires member register and get all the passwords from the database flatfile with effort. 
you see what mean you are thinking this not true then you are wrong because got script from trendy website creator yep everyone who wants get peoples password hunt down telling you secret lol. 
shows you the passwords your members accounts. 
but its not forum automatic website creation tool for your members customers. 
here the question again does anyone know any script that will show the owner cause will put host own have total control over and any data records the passwords set the user every account made that forum guestbook better yet know how remove the code the registered new user and explain how set instead adds plain text for the password then bthe crap. 
this changed from asimple newbie question better put the thinking cap lol. 
asking you this question looking onlinefor scripts from really cheap poorly made companies and hoping iget lucky. 
find anything will share with all you. 
but you know anything that can help please share your info with could use any help you have offer. 
found this siimple forum script called chipmonk forum and here the link. 
php wonder anyone can tell how alter the reguser. 
php inserts the users password plain text. 
looks lot less crazy then phpbb even smf. 
tried just copy the code for how enters the info into the sql for name and that didnt work. 
php showtopic but its bit difficult understand but least they are working read all post that topic and come back here and tell you got something else and what did you undertood. 
suggestion make your home computer testing lab. 
install then try write your first hello world php script. 
next get some old phpbb installation with known sql injection bugs and install your test system. 
and then try hack your own computer. 
you have then advantage see exactly how sql injection and exploiting works you can follow phpbb source code line line you can always print out debug data var dump something. 
believe that self learning whitehat hacking your own test system far more better way achieve success then reading only theorethical stuff. 
best way combine various learning ways read books articles zines. 
watch hacking videos those are very popular this days. 
and who knows maybe one moment you will say eureka just spotted whole new security bug phpbb remember there are shortcuts whitehack grayhat blackhat knowledge and experience. 
involves lot time spent with testing trying learning reading. 
try and stay away form sql injection really dislike prefer somthing more solid and that includes social engineering valid form hacking and has served well and solidly many you need any more information should that suffice for now keep informed can always help out you need further assistance. 
uname see what running then try find folder with access usually are the temp one then upload exploit for the some software installed and gain root worked for. 
worked really well thank you. 
try adding window the script looks like. 
thats the effect from the php cofiguration magic quotes gpc the magic quotes gpc configuration directive affects get post and cookie values. 
turned value php will automagically become php. 
yeah what black hat you really don know what are you saying. 
try combine the letter char coz google dont use case sensitive contrary they just block the letter not all form character case sensitif try search fly fly see the differentit helps when using script search viewtopic. 
the password this file compresed with password. 
org rpvs download run use rpvs. 
com aff rapport brute forcing variables fast mode aff anti forum filter verbose mode sessid varname define phpsessid varname only with aff rapport create file rapport. 
txt with result what can with the rpvc help. 
the aspx sorry err they are swdish this big rpoblem register you can join with username tutinac and password sandzak instlinger you have write some stuffs html and many thing what can explitable wtf what this you mean whata this site one the best sites europe join and watch url maby you get some idea trying many times but everytime without luck without idea how sql injection. 
and waraxe why you dont try work aspx and asp there new portal aspnuke they writen asp but like nuke they are same adress. 
com this site download them see them one site but cant run them because need some other dont know. 
does cygwin the same thing gcc. 
till die there will sql statement take effect its rfi bug remote file inclusionread again slowlyregards dips. 
yes you would want php file. 
this case would get php shell such etc. 
using that you can find the config file the server which will have database username and password. 
then you can use that connect the database just use the php shell connect the database. 
you don have shell just google there are plenty. 
and yes just link like path authentication phpbb phpbb. 
php pconfig auth phpbb path. 
once more want your hep. 
first all got sql injectable site where passwords can retrieved because they are plaintext and information schema command can used. 
now get deeper know that this site there where admin info passes etc are stored. 
these passwords are encrypted not plaintext like the passwords the table retrieved. 
the thing know only one table name common guess how can find other tables names too and something more using that. 
tnx for the reply. 
there not way listing the contents directory. 
used the sql injection exploit. 
php bfc pokemon eed rosanna dolphins cdc feed edinburghand. 
you need read some more sql injections. 
google look for tutorial called sql injection attack end. 
secondary use mysql real escape string and maybe also addslashes for escaping user input prevent code. 
there any exploit for this. 
you have your possession database dump. 
well then you can try crack hashes try use them directly. 
all depends many factors like phpbb version session handling specifics and. 
suggestion post here some hashes and then let see are they crackabe not. 
the way don believe that this working exploit. 
this seems some sort fake first all there are problems and only related image parsing and possible script execution. 
and that case attacker must able upload some jpg gif picture victim server and then victim opens that malicious picture cut paste pic address url bar then javascript can steal cookies. 
but this case you described picture located outside victim server domain. 
you can get cookies then you will get cookies related yoursite. 
com domain maybe there something miss probably not. 
may the file coded. 
php may zend encryption. 
question you cannot modify the database show the plaintext passwords. 
you need crack the hashes install logger the site that logs the plaintext into database file. 
question rainbow tables are meant used with unsalted hashes. 
the don work unless you have rainbow table for each specific salt which doubt. 
you need import the hash and the matching salt into password cracker like the famous passwordspro. 
question you can use sql query with the like statement google your friend. 
have been trying out password sniffing nothing serious just for joke friend and wondering can decrypt the information sent over ssl. 
use wireshark and have all the packets logically shouldn able use this decrypt the sent app data unfortunately cannot seem find anything the topic. 
hello yes this realy google blocks all inurl searches. 
after worm virus like santy. 
variants google put filter the search engine and this filter block all this search. 
recenment publish two articles whith some details more but spanish you like look. 
com google bloquea busqueda archivos. 
htmland poc for exploting this circunstance. 
net blog jus jus juasand what say the error you are infected spyware virus this realy only momentany lapsus reason. 
google blocking allinurl zboard zboard. 
megs after deleted some stuff. 
original file size was megs. 
stop fucking websites from country. 
hisql injection works passing sql statements web application trough cookie querystring form parametersthis means you can embed you sql statement cookie variables the web app use cookies and read them querystrings. 
com some buggy script param sql injection post requestsfor example the script you trying attack execute the following sql statement select nick userid password admin from authors where userid request. 
form uid you can pass uid form variable follow fakeid union select john doe evil password true from authors the resulting query will select nick userid password admin from authors where userid fakeid union select john doe evil password true from authors because fakeid doesn exist the remote the first select will return recordset while the second will return the recordset composed john doe evil password true this means you have forced the app recover user with uid doe and password evil password this means you can bypass the login procedure. 
hey guysso used phpbb exploit get ahold the database name database username and password. 
however the database host localhost. 
how can connect that database remotely cheers. 
cookie stealer only works firefox not the problem the part used this didnt use. 
php for people who havent register milw yet. 
use ftp search for file config. 
this file contains database name mysql username and password. 
when you have this info let know and will show you next step. 
fetch all rows syslogins view and look for any users with useful privileges especially sysadmins. 
there can more them besides next try openrowset. 
look how know all the files the host. 
when you have only. 
can see that vulnerable parameter start probably injection does occur limit section the sql query. 
and most cases not exploitable. 
there into outfile method and possible union too there order use but still most cases not exploitable limit part. 
well for start would examine that web site. 
try find much you can for that site applications that are running there components modules plugins installed for that application. 
search for forms queries. 
try find little bit about members that are responsible for running the site. 
basicly any info that you can get will put you one step closer your goal. 
then google much info you can about stuff you finded. 
try search about for the specific application module. 
most importantly try understand specific vulnerability. 
will hard the begining. 
hell will hard later too but hacking game patience persistance and sometimes really good nerves hope that this what you was looking for. 
you wanted know how hack specific site nobody will help you there well maybe they will but then specific questions and you just may get the answers. 
sorry for english not native language but hope you understand what wanted say. 
good luck and have fun. 
thank guys hmm bit hard understand this but will try learn this not easy sql injection lol but thought the same about sql inject. 
when didnt know anythin. 
two anybody got something more say reply more info better succes. 
there way overcome this hacked several site finding validator. 
php and could download the. 
htaccess but there was uname pass there. 
did over look something. 
hello guys can anybody tell how bypass safe mode the server and nobody state coz had some ways but the all got failed and will put some links for this servers deal with. 
thnx dude many kisses. 
dont you have put something there path authentication phpbb phpbb. 
phpdirectory where file goes. 
hello heared about this website really like iti have question please found sql error aspi trying inject now. 
why dont try some. 
file did that way and cookiestealer. 
php works pretty cool. 
look xss put some like this. 
there must thousands there. 
most them use perl. 
some use php python. 
please tell which one you want use and can explain for you. 
seeing that order update table need sql injetion update querry how can search for update querries having form the website which creates user and after that you have the option change some your information doesn show that there update querry behind that. 
allhere the link the teaser hakin magazine and this the speacial issue connected with the sql injection. 
org content plugins download monitor download. 
php you are interested download you have register free account. 
its never ever worth try bruteforcing password form online. 
that type web traffic noticed both isps and website administrators. 
unless you can put together big list proxies intermingle its fruitless endeavor. 
thank you much can read now the file itself wasnt much use but have never known that when couldnt read had files like that before and could never read them you have been big help thank you. 
shai tanyour side offline you have other big side for linux freebsd thanksclassics. 
make get valid page. 
tried every sql client could think and none them worked. 
this server mainly used for mysql and not web server. 
used nmap port scan and the only port open was which probably ssh but couldn connect putty. 
mrandersoni tried these localhost and couldn get them work. 
and for load file wouldn need file privs but could get the select into outfile work. 
something like this maybe. 
identified grant all privileges. 
identified with grant option max queries per hour max connections per hour max updates per hour max user connections but since this server isn webserver. 
maybe doesn have php. 
have root mysql login but set host only localhost. 
only have privs use the select command with another login. 
this password might match the ftp but can even connect http port. 
neither these ports are open. 
with select command got the root login but stuck here. 
nice you where able load the. 
htpasswd did you have lfi sometype shell access. 
why please explain where you see dont have file privilege. 
nobody come can anything about that noob because this want learn. 
edit try another way can please somebody suggest simple machines forum. 
admin pass exploit and teach how use only what need edit now how run. 
how you try run should simply php foo. 
hey that worked well thanks. 
really don know what. 
what exactly have vbulletin and want fix sql injection. 
warning newline end file. 
hey guys got book called programming for dummies and was doing pritty good intill got point where was telling make gcc work with command prompt ineed download gcc somthing because every time would through the steps would never work. 
thanks for you will try. 
then what can and that code injection you use. 
thank you for you great help. 
sometimes you will try intentionally hack into your own system find security flaws and fix them. 
for you great work. 
due lack time backup your files and ask your rootserver provider for resetor try some exploits from milw. 
php dong linux kernelthere are some exploits for. 
mainlines they should work four you too. 
php order order you have error your sql syntax check the manual that corresponds your mysql server version for the right syntax use near order line this limit null there are ways able limit the use union statement following query. 
that lot interesting stuff. 
com search frontpage inurl service. 
try out and can help you step step. 
link down plz reupload. 
hey need some help herecan anyone tell what kind encriptation this dce was html code that means something really need know thx lot. 
looks coded any idea how decode uploaded the file free file hosting site. 
have file which tar file have unzipped and opened but unreadable example xng hbd kmz does anyone know how can open this file make readable complete noob here. 
trying upload shell this site. 
net solutions tarifs roi. 
php union select from bdt useri try into outfile and dont work. 
php union select into outfile home local apache htdocs sites netref. 
php nothong work someone can help please. 
htpasswd user pass was the same for his godaddy account. 
board and failed both ways. 
was wondering wtf was happening. 
you will need php interpreter for executing this. 
how understand bruteforce and wordlists. 
and maybe you can offer some kind script program. 
this code himself does not contain sql injection because the single quotes surrounding input variables. 
now most the real world php enabled webservers are configured with magic quotes sql injection attempts will fail. 
and only you encounter webserver with magic quotes off ten you can have sql injection case here there additional php code responsible for input data sanitize. 
the last case you can try this username limit and let the password whatever you want. 
then beause the sql injection you will loged first admin table. 
the way php pcode wants post method you need manually crafted html file for exploiting. 
figured out that you asked question from webmaster point view not from attacker. 
you want better code first all don use plaintext passwords database better use salted hashes. 
new interesting whitepaper from. 
txtthe unexpected sql injection when escaping not enough alexander andonov sir point mordred gmail version. 
last modified abstract will look several scenarios under which sql injection may occur even though mysql real escape string has been used. 
there are two major steps writing sql injection resistant code correct validation and escaping input and proper use the sql syntax. 
failure comply with any them may lead compromise. 
many the specific issues are already known but single document mentions them all. 
although the examples are built php mysql the same principles apply asp mssql and other combinations languages and databases. 
getting mysql real escape string. 
the return the integer values. 
what your column name. 
other databases and other issues. 
introduction and rationalethere are many papers and articles about sql injection dynamically built sql queries opposed prepared statements stored procedures and even more about how protect against. 
and yet web programmers continue make crucial mistakes when writing their sql related code indeed there are cases not explicitly mentioned the popular tutorials which have handled with care. 
the php documentation mysql real escape string says this function must always with few exceptions used make data safe before sending query mysql. 
this article attempts enumerate the said exceptions and give complete checkpoint list protective measures. 
will identify some common points failure and provide the right and some occasions the commonly applied wrong solutions hope that novice programmers and pen testers will learn recognise them their own code should they occur. 
the given examples are designed look like some common web related finding and displaying user information. 
the other hand they are somewhat artificial the sense that they are overly simplified. 
some the examples sql injection will not work with more complex queries for example using order and union require special parentheses syntax which usually hard achieve when trying inject sql. 
nevertheless points injection exist your code well versed attacker will benefit from them matter how hostile sql injection the surrounding query. 
will not discuss the possible mitigation strategies for when sql injection occurs such php and mysql configuration options data encryption etc. 
but the reader encouraged read more the subject. 
expect the reader familiar with the basics php mysql interaction and have least sketchy idea what sql injection. 
the reference section provides some good pointers the latter. 
must also noted that many the presented issues have been separately mentioned security researchers before for example and both state the need quotes around values the php manual mentions the like wildcards and lists both briefly advises against using dynamic table names. 
zipthe article accompanied collection examples each offering number tests which can run localhost server. 
the practices displayed the examples are only recommended their part related sql injection. 
the rest the code hastily and lazily patched just the job. 
displays sql errors the html doesn escape values taken from the database before displaying them either and the html itself the most minimalistic ugly street html that would get rendered. 
this not good example coding style don mimic don either. 
this done intentionally not distract the reader from the important code. 
try understand and apply the measures against sql injection though and you interested pen testing well web programming play with the provided injection vectors. 
php with your favourite editor and write the correct database connection info. 
the database you selected for the test import the sql injection test. 
sql file which contains simple table schema with three rows information. 
php your browser and follow the examples they are commented the article. 
you want play with the url parameters outside the given test cases click the new links load the examples new windows. 
these scripts only your local testing environment. 
you leave them publicly accessible host they and depending the configuration the host itself will exploited. 
for the sake self containment the essential snippets code will also inlined the article. 
the test table has the following data mysql select from sql injection test userid username password winnie pooh edward sanders christopher robin runquery query utility function that displays and runs the given query and displays either the returned error all returned rows. 
getting mysql real escape string example. 
php username isset get get runquery select userid username from sql injection test where username username tests. 
union all select userid concat username password from sql injection test where example demonstrates the most basic wrong way handling dynamic sql queries. 
the url parameter expected contain username and the first four test links demonstrate how works with existing and non existing names. 
the fifth test single the breaking the basic test the script vulnerable least will break and see our example indeed tries execute invalid sql. 
test manipulates the query list all possible users instead just one. 
and finally the union query test lists all users along with their passwords. 
php username isset get get username mysql real escape string username runquery select userid username from sql injection test where username username the vulnerability here arises from the ability the attacker inject single thus closing the literal string and interpreting the rest the user input sql syntax. 
the well known remedy that escape all variables that will included the dynamic query with mysql real escape string. 
example shows that the same attacks longer work. 
from now will escape our parameters with mysql real escape string and will observe how and when this fails protect from sql injection. 
note that even incorrectly escaping with functions such addslashes the magic quotes functionality php has similar effects. 
php userid isset get get userid mysql real escape string userid runquery select userid username from sql injection test where userid userid tests. 
union all select userid concat username password from sql injection test where. 
union all select userid concat username char password from sql injection test where example accepts numeric parameter userid and displays information about that user. 
the first four tests before demonstrate how the script expected behave and the test shows that even the escaped parameter can raise error. 
the trouble here that the query assumes that the parameter will integer and written without quotes. 
the attacker though doesn need breaking whatever enters goes directly the query interpreted sql syntax. 
test manipulates the where clause into returning all user records. 
can see from mysql real escape string prevents the success injected queries that include quotes. 
any such query can rewritten way not use quotes though test succeeds where failed. 
php userid isset get get userid mysql real escape string userid runquery select userid username from sql injection test where userid userid example. 
php userid isset get get userid intval userid. 
userid mysql real escape string userid runquery select userid username from sql injection test where userid userid there are two solutions the problem either use quotes the query example does convert the input value int. 
the most robust choice shown example where the two solutions are combined. 
the numeric value requirement changed some point the future and the input parameter longer forced int the query will still protected. 
the reader must realise that input validation our case making sure that what expect int really int and escaping the parameter before giving the query are two different security steps. 
this particular case either one will suffice but general for depth security you must always both. 
also the two tasks will most probably carried two different subsystems your real life code the validating and escaping code will not adjacent displayed this simplified case. 
the topic quite extensively covered other authors will not pursue further. 
the return the integer values example. 
php offset isset get get offset mysql real escape string offset runquery select userid username from sql injection test limit offset tests. 
union all select username password from sql injection test limit example demonstrates another situation where integer values are used the offset and count parameters the limit clause. 
the script implements simple pagination feature displays list members pages accepting the starting offset url parameter. 
having mind the previous examples there surprise that the breaking the test really breaks the query and that the test union based injection can give the attacker list usernames and their associated passwords. 
php offset isset get get offset intval offset runquery select userid username from sql injection test limit offset example. 
php offset isset get get numeric offset runquery select userid username from sql injection test limit offset tests. 
the difference with the previous situation that this integer value plays another role syntactic wise. 
the two limit parameters require integer values may not use any quotes any escaping mechanism other than intval casting int example. 
must noted that using numeric for example old versions the php manual advised the validation part the script not sufficient check and example shows two ways break the query although malicious sql code can injected this way. 
the second those test interesting because while numeric from the php point view string literal sql for mysql. 
this only academic interest this situation though literals encoded this manner and longer than four characters will not pass numeric. 
the other difference between examples and that the real world order will most likely used alongside the limit clause. 
this will cause the union based injection not work and the developer may decide the code secure. 
this both naive and wrong one must always use proper escaping before inserting values dynamic sql query matter what the query looks like. 
the next section will explain how such hostile sql injection queries can still exploited and still need get properly protected. 
another robust way avoid these kinds mistakes not specify offset the script parameters but page. 
the script will then have calculate the offset based the count items for each page and give the query. 
the necessity for this calculation makes sure that the offset will integer when reaches the query. 
what your column name example. 
php order isset get get userid order mysql real escape string order runquery select userid username from sql injection test order order tests. 
userid asc union all select username password from sql injection test order userid. 
select userid from sql injection test where username and password userid username. 
select userid from sql injection test where username and password userid username seen attacks directed php variables playing the roles string values integer values and integer parameters limit. 
sometimes lazy developer will want make another part her query dynamic the column names. 
example shows typical use want list all members and want the user choose column which sort them. 
tests are although the security minded should raise eyebrow test. 
uses column name that not the query don mind that for now. 
test shows what happens the table has such column test shows that even though quotes are escaped they can still break the syntax the query. 
test attempts use the union injection only find that correct use union and order requires parentheses around the two selects that want union which not possible here because have only single point injection. 
what can the attacker the answer blind sql injection. 
since the attacker can use quotes must either use the hexadecimal format mentioned the previous section use combination concat and char. 
test checks there username winnie and password pooh and orders the results userid not username. 
this the mysql function not confused with the statement the stored routine syntax since the apparent order userid the attacker concludes that the statement checked for true. 
test tries winnie and since the results are ordered username the fact must wrong. 
userid select userid from sql injection test where username and password benchmark username userid. 
userid select userid from sql injection test where username and password benchmark username userid the problem here seems similar that example the column name not properly quoted the mysql manual states that the identifier character the backtick. 
indeed the proper quoting example stops the attack vectors tests and. 
what can stop the attacker simply closing the backtick and injecting sql after the column name mysql real escape string does not escape backticks. 
noted union will not work after order the attacker resorts another blind injection technique slowing the query condition. 
machine test takes about seconds meaning the tested condition true whereas test finishes with delay. 
php order isset get get userid array order array userid username order userid runquery select userid username from sql injection test order order the actual problem the query not just the quoting the column name although good style always use proper quotes but the fact that user supplied input used column name. 
test with the non existent column should have been the alarm rising factor even before having proof that sql injection possible. 
example shows possible solution where only fixed number options are allowed. 
note that the same applies for other identifiers and syntactic elements that programmer may wish dynamically copy from the input query such table names column aliases asc desc keywords etc. 
you like wildcard mysql and other databases has several matching operators that accept wildcard symbols regular expressions these are most often used processing search forms. 
what this means that within the sql query have part wildcard regexp matching sequence which behaves differently than the usual sql syntax. 
for our tests will two things. 
first additional index with length added the username field. 
second instead returning results the query will use the explain syntax and observe how our index used. 
php search isset get get search search mysql real escape string search runquery explain select userid username from sql injection test where username like search tests. 
example shows typical wildcard search usernames. 
our first test behaves expected test result select type table type possible keys key key len ref rows extra simple sql injection test range username username using where can see from the possible keys and key values our index named username was used for determining the result set also notice that rows meaning that the index helped mysql narrow the search only one row without having through all rows our table. 
test result select typetable type possible keys key key len refrows extra simple sql injection test all using where test drastically different though index was used and all rows the table have checked against the wildcard. 
the reason for that that leading wildcard character makes our prefix index useless since the string search for may begin with any character. 
this happened because successfully injected which has special meaning the context the like operator and not subject mysql real escape string escaping. 
may not seem issue for our rows data but imagine database thousands millions rows which suddenly cannot use index but has through all that data. 
depending how the script written even single user may able carry out dos attack. 
php search isset get get search search mysql real escape string search search addcslashes search runquery explain select userid username from sql injection test where username like search tests. 
the solution demonstrated example make second escaping pass after mysql real escape string for all variables that are replaced within the like operator. 
now tests and behave correctly. 
the addcslashes function handy because places backslash before the given characters and the backslash happens the default escape characters for the expression the right side the like operator. 
note that mysql allows the choosing another escape character. 
where username like escape will match literal but you you cannot use the addcslashes function anymore you will need replacement function. 
the said replacement function you would also need escape the new like escape character could used for wildcard injection though not the beginning the string the dos impact would not big. 
test demonstrates that our case don need escape the like escape character mysql real escape string already escaped. 
when dealing with regular expressions regexp rlike operator the escaping method cannot simple addcslashes programmer who wants use this operator should doubly careful how she handles user input. 
other databases and other issuesthere are features non mysql databases which can also used when injecting sql which can solved following the same checklist just replace mysql real escape string with the proper database specific escaping functions. 
the postgresql extension for example has escape string and there similar function for your database system you should check its documentation how proper escaping. 
mssql postgresql and maybe other databases including mysql with the mysqli extension support issuing multiple queries one call. 
since the syntactic character used for statement terminator the semicolon not escaped the standard escaping functions unquoted parameters the sql query can used terminate the current statement and issue another. 
course all parameters are properly quoted and type forced the semicolon will either stripped part value literal thus not breaking the query. 
mssql also has reserved word top used similar way mysql limit whereas postgresql has limit offset. 
the considerations section this article should applied when using those. 
summary plaintextas saw mysql real escape string necessary but not sufficient measure. 
here are the checklist rules one must follow make sure the dynamic sql code not vulnerable sql injection. 
write properly quoted sql. 
single quotes around values string literals and numbers. 
backtick quotes around identifiers databases tables columns aliases. 
properly escape the strings and numbers. 
mysql real escape string for all values string literals and numbers. 
intval for all number values and the numeric parameters limit. 
escape wildcard regexp metacharacters addcslashes for like and you better avoid regexp rlike. 
identifiers columns tables databases keywords such asc and desc are referenced the script parameters make sure and force their values are chosen only one explicit set options. 
matter what validation steps you take when processing the user input your scripts always the escaping steps before issuing the query. 
validation not substitute for escaping hint did you notice how the fixed versions were pedantic their use backticks the author personally convinced that increases the readability the queries making clearer distinction between identifiers and values. 
also helps situations where novice programmer tries use keyword for identifier shortening description desc being the most common case. 
since source code read more times than written readability directly correlated security. 
pedantic quoting thus has twofold bonus when writing secure code. 
aboutalexander mordred andonov independent security researcher and consultant. 
his security interests lie developing methodologies for secure web programming and studying how real world applications deal fail deal with security problems. 
can reached sir point mordred gmail. 
references sql injection are your web applications vulnerable kevin spett. 
pdf advanced sql injection sql server applications chris anley. 
com papers advanced sql injection. 
pdf blind sql injection are your web applications vulnerable kevin spett. 
com support whitepapers blind sqlinjection. 
pdf blind sql injection mysql databases zeelock. 
html sql injection cheat sheet ferruh mavituna. 
com makale sql injection cheatsheet sql injection cheat sheet david kierznowski. 
org sql injection cheat sheet php manual sql injection. 
php security corner sql injection chris shiflett. 
org articles sql injection php manual mysql real escape string. 
net mysql real escape string addslashes versus mysql real escape string chris shiflett. 
org blog jan addslashes versus mysql real escape string mysql reference manual identifiers. 
html mysql reference manual string comparison functions like. 
html operator like mysql reference manual regular expressions regexp rlike. 
html php security guide chris shiflett. 
pdf sql injection attacks prof. 
edu classes cmps spring lectures sql injection attacks. 
pdf guide php security chapter. 
sql injection ilia alshanetsky. 
com tech resources articles guide php security. 
pdf owasp avoiding sql injection. 
php avoiding sql injection warning escaping table names php manual mysql real escape string web archive copy from dec. 
net mysql real escape string mysql reference manual control flow functions. 
html function ifthe current copy this document can here. 
org projects articles information the web application security consortium article guidelines can found here. 
org projects articles guidelines. 
shtmla copy the license for this document can found here. 
org projects articles license. 
managed get copy the database site which runs phpbb. 
these guys were users forum and then started new forum behind back with just appended the name they then proceeded email all users having coerssed one the site admins give them copy database and told them site was closed and their site was the new home. 
you can see not particulaly pleased and want regain control. 
have copy their database possible find out what their passwords are because they are encrypted the sql dump that have all help much appreciated. 
install exact version php nuke local server and test. 
please give more details what file name and post some sample fragment from file. 
waraxe yes made username with admin rights. 
the current username freak snoop know how net send but unsure how single comouter done all computers but want know how send certain computer. 
thanks now have find way that the admins can see that and pull their cookies off. 
but too long fit into subject box. 
get this exploit working. 
general against any dos attack and think that lame use them. 
only normal reason use dos you are trying some clever hack attack and you need knock out one more the machines for some time. 
when they lined you they seem use irc daemon. 
actually this means you could able connect the server via irc client using socks proxy. 
you obviously can read anything lower than the public web directory. 
try find some config file. 
php but that won even work becuase will parse the php file. 
thank you for your answerbut would you please send link because can find itthx and greez darkf. 
with the information schema got all the table names for that. 
there way modify insert data table and can you give bit more help for load file and into outfile tnx for help edit load file works. 
got the data etc passwd. 
but can more usefull maybe uploading shell something. 
also into outfile doesn work. 
works just try with this one you see the full hash and username the admin. 
php post reply union select user passworduser name from users where user group limit the trick the variable. 
you see everything the form. 
hello the version installed the server. 
logi can get table name with. 
need help for this bug sql injin admin login. 
yes could but not very good scripting. 
was wondering anyone had one otherwise guess have hit the books. 
sorry butt but got that not been able crack. 
may not even english. 
can you please help with here. 
dude and search exploits about this versionof milw. 
com you found working exploit you lucky not you should get access the server try other sites the server and mybe you got shell then mybe possible hack other sites onthe server. 
also you can scan the server with nmap mybe you got some vulnerability. 
phpbb very secure software and don think that anynone will findany serious sql injections there anymore mean. 
and you can see too use phpbb and not been defaced yet. 
com oracle sql injection cheat sheet oku. 
guess that not dos but some newer windows box with command prompt what operating system what kind lan present. 
can see all find want the system execute lot thing but can write anything and can get out the home blogdb. 
jail chrooted how can get more rights and get out the jail. 
how could fill the php please tell step step possible. 
have idea about this exploit. 
thank you once again for your reply. 
thanks dude your man. 
reading exploit good think. 
did have errores but minors because they forgat put backslashes. 
how can search the bug create the sql statement put the site database. 
hey guys trying find easy way obtaining member address ipb without having get admin access and use the tool. 
sure there way around. 
just don want through the hassle cracking the hash admin every site. 
just want the address member check some stuff out. 
you guys could help out would greatly appreciated. 
well there could always proxy. 
not saying doing that. 
tody have good web shell for iis windows work with asp webthis tool you can get cmd prompt and you can make mass deface and intheralso there version englishthis tool you can upload with web folder upload. 
asp site you local host servername this tool rhtools code asp only for windows rhtools. 
asp for download inter this site and get any version you likeand sorry for bad english and have good time for allsite. 
have idea what would like know where can read about and try for self. 
and regarding perl does any one have the entire tutorials. 
and one last questions for being hackers. 
what are the important stuffs that require what need know. 
this exploit only works. 
thanks friend really appreciate answer see this demo site. 
woah unversity professor dont know who hash just say that you wanna crack that and thats all and thinkthis better post the hashing cracking service whatever will try with you hashes and put and answer. 
this not rfi you can read files but inclusion here. 
you have take maximum from remote file disclosure. 
try read config files mysql data files etc. 
also look the source all other php scripts and search for additional security. 
this hash chars long seems like des hash. 
php newsid see good tutorial about exlpoiting frontpage extensions. 
citate from that article. 
you don have file privilege impossible use into outfile. 
tested this local server and exploiting was kinda complicated. 
still there working exploit. 
what you have here called remote file disclosure. 
you can reveal the contents all files target server. 
current uid gid and file dir permissions will let you read the file. 
target file resides same logical disk. 
php safe mode open basedir does not interfereso your mission escalate your privileges. 
the way what your ultimate goal mess with specific website hosting server you want server itself first case you can try find configuration files usernames and password hashes for database and orweb applications. 
this may give you way get administrator rightsfor web app and next goal can php shell. 
one more thing scan target server for open tcp ports and look forport mysql. 
this may handy later. 
and you can reveal source code php scripts then searchfor more useful security remote command execution etc. 
thanx heintz well know some how that the file that contains the sql inject authorize. 
phpwhat tryin now inject but can ask question when use the authorize. 
php mean normal not injecting and thanx again zilly. 
with subqueries support then you can use blind injection update delete insert and other queries. 
rooting paper would usefull for too probably php configured not allow remote file inclusion through http other net protocols. 
very very common nowadays like lenny said. 
such vulns come from code like this include. 
php such situations you could exploit this load files that are out the htdocs folder the webserver. 
and you can load file with other extensions beside. 
php that automatically added the code adding null byte you request like. 
etc passwd that only example also probably you need urlencode slashes. 
please note the use. 
traverse file system backward. 
yes better you know the victim you can easily locate files the file system. 
just play with paths and directory traversal looking for known file locations like etc passwd linux systems. 
when you have such information you can start harvesting other usefull information from other files and maybe the server running root opening etc shadow file. 
that already have fact the problem that does not work thx. 
also not only important just keep your wordpress date but every script and application that running the server. 
might possible that for example managed get through old forum script ftp server bug and that how was able create that folder. 
first all there cross site cross domain security checks webbrowsers. 
victim visiting your website then normal conditions you can have victim cookies for other sites like hotmail. 
that why xss aka cross site scripting comes handy. 
you have found xss security bug target website then cookie stealing can possible. 
practical example target website phpnuke based. 
session management cookie based and cookie contains username and password hash. 
stealing cookie attacker can impersonate victim even without hash cracking. 
now this cookie will created after logging and destroyed after logging out. 
cookie exists therefore within victim current activity period victim lazy and will not log out then cookie can remain usable for long time. 
next let suppose that you trick victim visit your website. 
example forum post with link some picture. 
web page victim visiting contains iframe multiple recursive iframes and javascript trick cover attack. 
this internal iframe attacker website pointed target website with xss exploit attached url. 
stolen cookie can written log file sent email etc. 
could you give more info. 
like whats the filename and what directory did you find. 
have look the htaccess file. 
there should line like this. 
mostly you will have enable cmdshell mssql and sometime even mssql. 
anyways this not easily done hand least quite tedious. 
think you should read sql ninja source code understand how done. 
xss can used very successfully phishing attacks esp with the new urlbar hiding iem. 
hey everybodyi have question. 
what type encryption mysql. 
thought there was version where they switched their encryption. 
thanks for all answershanna. 
cool nice tool thank. 
you need configure phpshell default not work you need make full path. 
what kernel and year you victim send pvt redirect for one good irc channel. 
many sites allow you use html tags viz guestbooks feedbacks topsites etc. 
this can easily exploited redirect the entire webpage whatever site page you want. 
proof concept sign for topsites where you are allowed use html tags site description use the followeing tag. 
com redirect the entire page your site solution disable html tags. 
man read lot tutorials and tried search how use this exploit even read how use exploits here waraxe but still can figure out what edited wrong and because this asking. 
you can close this thread. 
thankyou very much madman. 
good findings have seen hundreds websites with sql injection holes wind nix mysql sql postgresql oracle all the platforms are presented. 
but anyway most easy find sql injection. 
asp scripts because there magic quotes many webisites will try hide sql injections and other holes their coded scripts and you see http errors just redirects index page. 
and even those cases big part protected sites are affected blind sql injection sploits have done and successfully. 
you want learn then stop using other peoples exploits lol. 
what about the first three links. 
php but only shows the text. 
yeah have access ftp and cpanel. 
but could you maybe explain all this little better which scripts would upload and where and what downloading files from target webroot downloading ftp files and this part then download config file get mysql credentials write simple mysql dumping script and fetch user table with all the pasword hashes and salts. 
you wouldn happen have links anything that might explain these things better. 
and what the cmd see the computer your name and there way shut down computers the network also net send boxnamehere hello what does that exacly. 
will give perhaps look for another exploit. 
would like first thank for the care dedication and great help for all guys. 
have found the number columns order doing but doing union all select union select shows the common error each union query must have the same number columns with lots left join understand that exists within subqueries but not know how validate subqueries. 
there any clue validate thanks. 
htmlink above has more information. 
have tried many things server prevent this particular attack but the only thing that seems work ssh the time the attack ban the. 
any ideas solution prevent this all the solutions that article were used beforehand. 
have copy program anyone interested testing out. 
this perfectly safe and secure code. 
search the internet and found xss vbulletin. 
phpi try this code. 
cookie and see cookie informations. 
now how can use this codes take admin cookie informations someone can give answer will very pleased thankz lot. 
alright guess gonna come back this mysql error think probably cant anything with but waraxe said post the error. 
first all this php quick arcade. 
and open source anyone wants look. 
regular url request looks like this. 
might helpful know which version dos you are using and what your plans are. 
you want hack somebody from one dos machine another what exactly. 
school sucks correct wrong. 
anyone has any cool destructive things using dos please share. 
know some basics but eager learn more. 
been using post request. 
not only cookie stealing for xss only need imagination and look many caracters can insert the form the variable whats permit variables only acept html injection other html javascript injection. 
the atacker look for good work make phishing the site you think for example html you can inser iframe and execute all the conten injected inside for exaple. 
php variable vulnerable value. 
etc passwd explain what source iframe can xploit php file etc. 
and can comming form the same server remote server the configuration permits. 
xss not only for looking whats change the web. 
big securiti hole and whith imagination and science you can got some important information about the site. 
you can spoff the site and for exaple google and add this spoffed links. 
hii still new the world hacking and try learn more about just want ask possible hack this blog. 
try finish tutorial about nuke cookie manual construct today. 
and then will post phpnuke section. 
and really hope that you are about testing your own website not someone else because this tutorial will written for good reasons that any phpnuke webmaster can test and see how easy use gathered hash even without cracking them. 
hello waraxe forums have few quick questions. 
have searched you site extensively and also searched googlei have used the. 
exploit and received cookie datathe data herea autologinid. 
this should where hash located but its not valid because the period the middleis there anything can thanks. 
perhaps its better for say problem another wayi just wanna stop the firewall told this problem friend ghs greek hackers sabotage and just said try stop the firewall same thought tnx zipper help maybe youre rightbut think etc passwd cant help because shadow and couldnt understand some parts your answer because poor english thinkin other problems can solvedremember how can stop this damned fire fucker wall thanks advance and tnx zipper his answer. 
dont have the rights create file mysql user. 
select your php code into outfile path yoursite file. 
php doesnt work smaybe another idea. 
like your dirty codes but have some problem with some thats. 
see four possible problems here. 
you probably don have file prviliges use mysql file related functionality. 
you can use relative path instead use full path. 
mysql daemon must have write privileges target directory. 
file must not exist allready because into outfile will not overwrite any filesso your best shot try load file for example load file etc passwd. 
this works then you have file privileges not then way use mysql file related functions current user context. 
pexli you was faster. 
have found easy way get logged with username and password hash. 
and that without any cookie crafting. 
just issue the request. 
try something like system pwd print the working directory. 
still doesn work that means doing something wrong put the exploit the php folder and successfully ran but only list the codes cmd pasted the text from notepad into cmd. 
really new these things but wanna learn them can somebody please see what edited wrong the original. 
sorry its the wrong subforumwith every exploit downloaded had the same problem. 
every body thanx for the nice forums like any way want every body take look this. 
html well its sql inject studying this days and kinda wana help thishow execute this security hole and another important thing how fix thats all folks. 
guys can any one know how exploit jet database error mssql injection. 
like this error microsoft jet database engine error wait guys. 
one more thing called google hack. 
com search index service. 
pwd and get lots interesting stuff. 
you seem have sql related coding bug insert queryso sql injection then probably you need blind injection exploitation. 
but specific sql error message rather confusing. 
compromise oohh its the same. 
only running windows and google. 
its doesnt affect all. 
how can use this exploit don know showul need perl software for this please tell. 
hello want know how upload shell admin panel php nukeadmin. 
agree with gibbocool you need look for other ways into the target system. 
always suggestion searching for possible located websites same server. 
you can find exploitable vulnerability one them then further attack escalation towards main target may possible. 
seems that you have mysql version. 
and you can exploit this via error based feedback. 
but you can fetch data only bit bit asking boolean questions. 
you definitely need some sort script program which can automate the process. 
doing this manually too time consuming and error prone. 
first you can use information schema. 
tables for finding out interesting tables and then information schema. 
columns can get you column names. 
then look for credentials table and try fetch usernames and password hashes plaintext passwords. 
you need know ipb version and target user userid. 
user has userid and ipb version. 
well you need lot reading. 
best option buy real books but there also countless amount freely downloadable information web. 
org ebook opinion you don need absolute knowledge hashing algorithm leave this cryptologists but you need some knowledge basic cryoptography not only hashes but also various encryption methods digital signatures certificates pki and other stuff. 
you must decide your position blackhat whitehat. 
either way success comes through knowledge and experienece. 
endless process self education and practice. 
you need lot free time and patience. 
because beginning the hardest part. 
hey all need know solution for this fucking bug not lfi bugit just rfd remote file disclosure vulnerability for some uploaded pics hep brothers anyone can something simple for this injection through php break head tried somes things simple like local remote file command inclusion and also somes codes php but nothing allit works not well therefore tried may you can something. 
and small bug blind sql. 
get start use localhost for testing. 
install wampserver mysqlphpapatch install script that you want exploit. 
now you can start play. 
the problem was that sending direct xss site someones mail not working but sending simple redirect page working like charm. 
you are root and can only use select statements you done. 
means that there valid mysql user with permitted access from your address. 
mysql flexible and restrictions can based user database and even table. 
probably you can access that mysql server directly from remote address. 
try find phpmyadmin interface should help. 
hear its possible browse directorys what are hidden protected. 
when link get forbiddenyou don have permission access this server. 
additionally not found error was encountered while trying use errordocument handle the request. 
just wondering its possible bypass this anything that can. 
thanks those who understand. 
hey have recently been banned from chat. 
want back using proxy. 
but does not work for flash java. 
the chat wont run. 
does anyone know java flash proxy thanks. 
because the exploit broken and doesnt work. 
dont forget that you dont need put any real javascript the website. 
you can use remote scripts using the src attribute many different methods. 
also javascript not the only language you can use for xss. 
here example javascript that can steal cookie without using any quotes. 
also the technique that paper. 
this tested with mozilla. 
comthats like zone xss. 
always good learn from attacks. 
that doesnt work seeing ibf the default and you dont have put that. 
just look the code. 
there somthing wrong tho and cant figure out. 
think the problem somewhere the after cookie parametar. 
cookieafter put like this. 
cookie the file immediatelly created but without cookie. 
you need windows install. 
com products activeperl linux you not need install perl only exec perl file. 
use hex encoded strings. 
because php magic quotes feature can change. 
hello waraxe members well want hack this site because its site that you only can register with invite and its invision board. 
but went your invision board section see the hacks programs but seen some posts about sql injections and long code and face just droped lol what could you give link where are tutorials that could help hack the site. 
nice talk you thanks. 
wait minute seems that was getting wrong picture you mean that script writes log file something. 
should need upload this php file need where upload please show some link where can upload this php file how can upload. 
haha right just got hands the source codev. 
you can make additional table phpbb plaintext and add lines new code which will case new user registration insert old table and plaintext password new table. 
better yet phpmyadmin just copy the old users table structure only and then use original sql clause form source code with little modification password instead. 
seems that you can use error based feedback. 
nope the result its still the same maybe this some kind http response splitting. 
thanks for you reply tehhunter pro. 
put script source from admin panel you have. 
for test this bug you use google allinurl zboard zboard. 
php real life exploit. 
txt cmd uname apwdidis very easy remember zeroboard korea. 
saw directory vti pvt having filename service. 
hello would like know the following least would like pointed the right direction. 
like get the cookies shown the following example. 
example write address site this site will have the needed php some other script victim will click this link and his cookie will stolen victim will redirected the real site will able see the victims cookie information from the page clicked get page. 
would like see the cookie information from log. 
txt fileheres better example the victim sees address. 
com cookie will stolen. 
com hope you get. 
php wishing you the best. 
crois que est scoop siecle couvrire que badrh higgs badro une simple recherche sur google donne laisse moi dire quelquechose avais fait une tise laissant trainer mon vrai nom sur net avant que commence hacker fort que donne moi personne est donn peine rifier. 
quant site ibndz tait une tise butant part tant bien que mal ssayer parer mais inquittes sais beaucoup plus choses sent. 
great thank you youre really good edit can mime detection fooled somehow. 
maybe this working but years ago. 
for missing feedback use blind injection with benchmark sleep. 
and database schema can guessed case mysql ver. 
okey and possible exploit such error. 
you tried the phpbb exploit with highlight issue you can execute commands. 
modify database and even include files. 
look phpbb forum and take look vulns phpbb. 
the exploit are down going upload the exploit again soon possiblesee. 
first all this privilege escalation exploit. 
help decode php file please. 
sql injection basics internet full related tutorials and manuals. 
com sql injection cheatsheet oku. 
use wordpress expolit and give this code afc tanks for crackhave god timetanks. 
why test this script local works all ipb there tested. 
why you need hack that blog have you something against israel. 
understand that you live malaysia and you are muslim you must hate israel right have you realized that using toos like wordpressbf wasting time this case most propably. 
they don use weak passwords. 
last but not least please remove that url now. 
hii just registered domain. 
bizi want learn deface. 
this case want upload index page. 
but off course not with the proper authentication pattern want learn hack. 
direct similar hacking techniques. 
anyone can upload index page and show video how you did. 
went backtrack and coded this goodbye. 
int main printf goodbye cruel world return but when try compile says warning newline end file. 
you logged the user not the adminadmin would have this his her cookie. 
you enter the private message and sent private message someone and enter the code subject. 
and the preview message. 
have big trouble with severs that have the safe mode turned. 
and gle found this forum. 
and jornal for this member linux. 
issuing php shell that bypass the safe mode. 
but the download link dead can himself fix anybody here has that shell already post here plz. 
think sqli far more difficult you need know sql not always but many cases. 
one thing more null byte works because the urlencoded version the null byte also known the string terminator. 
the string sequence ismystring isasdphp would see only mystring. 
the was surprise cause really dun know wat the site not for offending someth sorry leh btw wats bout hehehehehe juz kidding. 
really don never needed use admin. 
can find user table user rows. 
could named something different did click users and find password list. 
when view get two columns one says rows and usually has the number and the other says password and has what think hash. 
stuff like this bcf. 
this doesn say the usernames salts though. 
edit nvm think found all. 
what kind hash would says but don know what put for type hash. 
anyway gonna have passwordspro run but guess also ask for someone here try. 
thanks for the help. 
more specifically there way intercept log information without altering files the actual server this the latest version vbulletin helps. 
one more time forget dos. 
windows and that black box command prompt. 
now first thing your privilege level local. 
have you admin rights can you browse windows directory what your current username. 
jason unless been patched which doubt what did was when the admin panel the page where you can edit the css and the url bar change where shows the filename the css file php file and load that page and the text box you can edit the source the php file your making and when you save will save. 
php and you can run from there. 
for those who will find handy. 
nothing more say example. 
lol magic quotes please explain lolcheers. 
thank you searched with complicated keywords but all the time was simple thanks. 
really such noob but the aforementioned head admin being really pissy today. 
there anyway bypassing this code there other way creating super admin account with the admin username and hash testing phpnuke portal. 
and just wanna make sure. 
how use milw exploit. 
novosite institucional associadas pagpubli. 
asp midia folhetos union all select nullnullnull busca por publica tipo dia dia folhetos cedap teoria conhecimento educa cedap elei movimento sql server. 
intel may copyright microsoft corporation enterprise edition windows. 
most irritating thing htaccess protection which you probably mean pop script. 
had the same issue couple months ago too. 
got the admin passwords some famous cell phone company here but their admin panel was under construction login page worked though. 
now can find the passes anymore. 
yep have backtrack and vmware. 
guess would got backup via the validator list then got the admin pass uploaded shell and got. 
hellonew techniques have been used this video. 
turkish the language video. 
must watch until the end. 
have played little bit with that security bug and got some results. 
will share them tomorrow this thread stay tuned. 
this php injection bug old. 
can anyone post the cmd. 
seems that user credentials are sent shop login. 
php clear text this pointing the fact that login done via http not. 
useless for you right now. 
upload stuff acunetix detected post form with upload functionality will guess that upload may possible. 
without seeing source code hard tell why this error messages are popping. 
try various things and look for error feedback. 
hey brother thanks lot regarding tried emule but was not succesful getting work will try again. 
btw got ubuntu server mate. 
but not the head admin which attempting become. 
what version secunia has seven security bugs their list. 
com product task advisories. 
really tried something with numbers still error reporting swith and. 
microsoft fixed the bug. 
after week that was quick. 
not interested getting into hacking. 
well not too much and just want know there any way delete the head admin account this website. 
real jerk and just want scare him bit. 
the only other admin deleting this guys account could become head admin. 
final sorry such noob. 
write script for that perl php other language. 
simple string manipulation the way using special php cli script which takes raw copy pasted text extracts hashes and then exports them cain cracker. 
very useful lot easier copy paste one one. 
howitzeryou have been kosovo nice. 
from pristina you now where. 
hard life but good you dont need belive. 
yeah have done lots things prevent syn flooding server. 
the only real fix going have come from apache seems like. 
echo proc sys net ipv tcp syncookies shifts the load more towards the kernel and less towards apache. 
this helps out some. 
below part bash script also use. 
well just copy pasted passwordspro. 
what you mean insert into user values. 
well regarding hacking far. 
have choose between blackhat white hat would with black hat. 
and you beginning very tough. 
would require all the help with can getand once again thanks for the link. 
you have any place where can download stuffs let knw and hve lots time. 
sit front the computer almost the entire day cheers mate. 
why dont post the hash salt here. 
can anyone elaborate little this cos only started learn php recently. 
yeah you have reason thank very much. 
how execute perl script mac have terminal and automator just don know how use since everything online seems for windows. 
thanks for any help can get. 
there are tools get the your domain host but sometimes they don work. 
hey buddy owns site and now some dude aim messaged him and was saying pay him for security updates course said because everything updated and their exploits out the only thing has the latest word press. 
its dedicated host and the guy then created folder the server somehow. 
any idea how cna try reattempt this some how figure out how did don really wanna pay grand this stalker dude. 
probl est que peuvent savoir les autres sur toi non pas moi. 
moi avec modestie pond que connais pas modestie est une khissla rare chez les gens. 
sinon ton nom reste veux pas donner car sur net sais pourquoi. 
alors vais communiquer une mani dois faire bouger peu tes neuronnes sous forme hash est toi jouer. 
savoir les astuces sont devenus propri tout monde comme ils disent awlama. 
sommes pas dans village tout monde connait tout monde. 
reste art faire tout petit tout tant grand. 
forget prefix ipb after command line lok the example. 
question can access the server that put the nobody and read the files thaton the server. 
coz just give permission denied. 
content web lets remote users inject sql commands conduct cross site scripting attacks and include local files alert url. 
com cve reference generic map nomatch links external site date sep impact disclosure authentication information disclosure system information disclosure user information execution arbitrary code via network modification user included yes version. 
description linux from sosvulnerable. 
net reported vulnerability content web. 
remote user can execute arbitrary scripting code from the target system. 
remote user can also inject sql commands and conduct cross site scripting attacks. 
the software does not properly validate user supplied input the show parameter. 
this can exploited execute php code inject sql commands conduct cross site scripting attacks and determine the installation path. 
remote user can supply specially crafted url cause the target system include and execute arbitrary php code files that reside the target system. 
the php code including operating system commands will run with the privileges the target web service. 
demonstration exploit url provided. 
php show file cat news archiv start editor note not clear files from remote location can included not. 
remote user can supply specially crafted parameter value execute sql commands the underlying database. 
php show news ephp cat news archiva remote user can create specially crafted url that when loaded target user will cause arbitrary scripting code executed the target user browser. 
the code will originate from the site running the content web software and will run the security context that site. 
result the code will able access the target user cookies including authentication cookies any associated with the site access data recently submitted the target user via web form the site take actions the site acting the target user. 
php show textarea cscript ealert xssaka script site impressuma remote user can supply the following type url determine the installation path. 
php show showme full path start impact remote user can execute arbitrary php code and operating system commands from files residing the target system with the privileges the target web service. 
remote user can execute sql commands the underlying database. 
remote user can access the target user cookies including authentication cookies any associated with the site running the content web software access data recently submitted the target user via web form the site take actions the site acting the target user. 
remote user can determine the installation path. 
solution solution was available the time this entry. 
org links external site cause input validation error underlying linux any unix any windows any reported security tester. 
see the thing kinda have privacy concerns. 
the file basically looks like this all the way through. 
would like some help also have tried not only that code but few each containing new way get the pass but can seem make them work. 
have perl the comands are good think the codes are similar this one and have used this one. 
luck remove the space gives error line put space does nothing. 
would like some help tired using exploits that don know they work not. 
hibut does not work computer when simuling the case have all privileges. 
dunno ithis question will hard like thatok though someone here can answer question but for the first question found good shell and way hack safe mode serversbut still dunno how hack nobody state servers. 
you know what linuxunix commanderror logget methodpost method. 
install cutenews local and testdon this real server. 
first you cant upload hack into server because you didnt make the script thierfore your cracker anyways enough the ethical mumbo jumbo you can use many unsecure hosts how use you suggest learning some linux commands and how get around linux based webserver start with because you need know directory paths file names etc other words what your looking for answer your second question believe waraxe working sqlaxe site sql penetration tester not sure what its stages are but sure you ask him dont bite unless you ask him greets all the waraxe regs and thats andy for another post. 
thnx waraxe try bypass admin panel because there not forum config files the siteand have permissions read config other sitesthnx again for your help and take extra care. 
thanks waraxeyou have reason. 
seems that classic injection. 
helloi tried different codes and also used the base coder but doesn seems work here the code someone can help pleasethanx. 
there are kosovo programming design schools for years old teens where teachers asking you decrypt hash really funny. 
yea somebody likes sql and somebody dislikes and about rfi right now will try read some more stuff and learn more mby someone irc will help btw cannot connect this site irc channel. 
plugin missing and cannot download. 
wantedt talk with you guys anyway thankyou all you are kind ppl. 
pleasure steep but not everything easy. 
you need help with anything feel free ask. 
yeah saw that but confused which thosse execute. 
dat files opened and its php files but dont really get which ones the main php. 
read the darkmindz sql injection article but gives errors stuck. 
how about wget command. 
install backdoorrun local exploit depend platform gain root access. 
been doing sql injection website but stuck with what. 
asp convert int version get microsoft ole provider for odbc drivers error microsoft odbc sql server driver sql server syntax error converting the nvarchar value microsoft sql server. 
intel may copyright microsoft corporation workgroup edition windows. 
build service pack column data type int. 
asp line know that the site vulnerable. 
what can extract the passwords become the admin group anything else for that matter. 
any intrested will fun. 
guessing that you are using windows right then suggestion install some virtualization software for example. 
com products server freeware and will offer you possibility run many other operating systems and software your home. 
try some linux distros install different windows versions. 
next install apache php mysql and play with web applications forums cms blogs. 
install metasploit and find out how useful can. 
read cissp guides for example. 
pdfthere are excellent books hacking exposed. 
com ref url search alias dstripbooks field keywords hacking exposed use emule other share software download books pdf files. 
using emule and have literally thousands good books about sec. 
course plain old hardcover book the best choice depending your finances buy something your book shelf. 
exploit but here the problem with this exploit can only some uname pwd etc. 
command not really usely. 
usely only want know some programm version where the kernel etc. 
but can anything with that. 
and the server safe mode french said dtc dans ton cul your ass actually the compromise system only simple user who can change repertory. 
what can are they some good things don want break anything don want make deface not interesting like know how get root acces for exemple. 
what type attack its syn flooding with bit luck will get tired. 
not there are some firewall rules that can just stop all together. 
but ill have ask linux mate. 
ill get back you. 
syn flooding bitch but also effective. 
need more visit this site friend. 
please any can help hack this site when put union select the site show not acceptable. 
all its long time back discovered waraxe. 
and found usefull from that day onwards well now back and just discoved exploit for vbulletin. 
forum version which running have wampsever intalled machine and would like test this one localhost test whether forum exploitable using this one not. 
know how compile perl coded exploits but think this one not written perl need help compile this oneany help will appriciated aware someone else discovered and used against live forum then must founding self troublethe exploit given below. 
upload this php this server. 
phpnow what need please help. 
you know username for example admin then username admin password aif username known then username limit password. 
here post from text avaliable. 
php please check out the links. 
securityfocus archive they contain many ways xss can problem. 
you trying execute commands through sql injection remember you won get any output from that dir command and suggest you not that manually but using something such msf mssql cmd module sql ninja which prefer. 
the headers sent this exploit script are not rfc compliant and confuse virtualhosts. 
that why the lwp versions work lwp builds the headers for you and this one does not. 
this can access which without union support. 
try use numbers not nulls union all select and look for further error messages. 
and maybe there need for commenting out union all select union all select etc etcyou are lucky because you have error feedback try figure out what happening inside. 
php try using this. 
least thats how read. 
have spent good bit time working this sploit and its just flawed. 
lack the skills needed fix. 
still wishing somone will fix this bad boy and share tho. 
unless your browser has scripting disabled you should returned the page you were couple seconds. 
otherwise please click here return manually. 
socialmpn remote file inclusion discovered zer irc. 
org nmap email lucaszero gmail dot com versions socialmpn affected all versions. 
com its vulnerable too. 
lot sites maybe all sites has safemode php. 
php name attacker evil file file article sid. 
wayback qemmvo wwhen got that file thought was. 
pwl file cause looks like the ones unix server hacking tutorials but when tried decrypt using cain wont work. 
what kind encryption and yeah was also having some read access some emails and they were encrypted some sort like one email something like this that pgp something. 
saw when was trying view neomail the server remotely. 
there any way that can decrypted. 
think password file but now what system encrypted and for what that password you have say the name the file. 
linux password you should try use john the ripper. 
this soft detects automaticaly whats encryption system useshope could help. 
this what you need cae bdc fed bfc eda ded efef eed fdcf dae cdc feed ebb adf afa ceb eba bdc cdb bcc cecb deb ddcd deece eacc think was from pbpbb version. 
thank you waraxe much clearer that part now. 
how can try out xss. 
you know get the right feeling and study from there mean just install some older forum packages localhost. 
but not all web pages are built like forums. 
what operating system you are using gcc usually available default nix boxes. 
would seem initial question was one those stupid questions. 
anyone would could tell them about site and the offending site perhaps one you guys would then some deeper investigations for. 
don post sensitive information real url hereas for error probably coming from waf such mod security. 
year already and various web attack methods have been used blackhats for many years. 
waf web application firewalls are whitehat answer this and they are going more and more serious obstacle nowadays. 
basically what need that the. 
com allows javascript and html that would save the. 
com cookie and when gets page would saved and could look from the logfile. 
paid hosting not sure where though and its. 
any tools tips would sweet though. 
sql file with lots usernames etc. 
looking for way remove the and organize them into list. 
wow thanx manmy brain has been exploed lol this time really will not change the channel zilly. 
yeah saw that already posted. 
dont see how that can work though. 
downloaded but doesn seem application osx just addition console. 
tried opening the script with console but didn execute. 
was wondering there vbulletin exploit phpbb that gets the hash and salt has perl script. 
cant get php compile. 
even with own apache server and php installed have own exploit that get just the hash. 
after reading thisis there anyway upload the shell file server. 
have got the whole. 
sql dump just this piece have the whole thing then msg. 
rooting recommended course this gives you opportunity clean logs install sniffer and other interesting and valuable things. 
just look for local root exploits for that specific kernel version. 
now there restrictive firewall and nat that normal shell not working then try use reverse shell. 
now try locate phpmyadmin. 
log cpanel and look for phpmyadmin link. 
next you will need username and password. 
which you allready have you will get inside phpmyadmin very careful. 
one careless click can destroy entire database. 
php final hash ccd fdbf. 
have problem have finding this bug username apassword find this error sql message. 
right last questionhow can change permissions folder using shell thanks all edit reffering directories such home usr cpanel. 
this the error appears when try access the php shellparse ini file safe mode restriction effect. 
the script whose uid not allowed access home public html owned uid waiting. 
you have access target ftp can you upload arbitrary php scripts can you download files from target webroot then download config file get mysql credentials write simple mysql dumping script and fetch user table with all the pasword hashes and salts. 
and how about phpmyadmin present then obtain mysql credentials and then use phpmyadmin. 
comthis works and see google page. 
txt php code the page but the server does not parse php. 
not sure just wondering how can use this. 
there can many reasons exploit failure. 
like patched version ofthe xmb forum. 
and body onload will not work all browsers. 
first step look html source the html page where youtrigger exploit. 
look code near the critical point and see there html code with right syntax you must modify exploit working. 
the way your code can more simple. 
got this warning main unable access. 
bands select username password from users. 
php home virtual site fst var html letter. 
php line warning main. 
php failed open stream such file directory home virtual site fst var html letter. 
php line warning main failed opening. 
php for inclusion include path. 
php includes usr share php home virtual site fst var html letter. 
php line this full path disclosure how does this help. 
didn now anything about sql hacker use way like. 
com bug bug injectsomebody can answ question. 
how can seach the bugs for php. 
why bug usually like syntax but sql injection just looking bug like. 
com bug bug inject. 
why sql inject like another web linksorry for bad english. 
this can evaded union and nuke authors and sql injection can done through post cookie array this security trap only helps against the simplest attacks. 
how going because this php useful for working hash truth interested getting the list from mails would you help there saludos. 
nice but this sites are not big look this. 
com online every time writen asp try there sql injection think have many. 
does not seem lfi rfi but can local file disclosure. 
this case you probably can read local files and that useful feature. 
helloi found site which vulnerable for sql injection with version query found out that runs mysql. 
and substring version what can now inject sql since read that union and subselect queries won work with. 
there are xss filters phpnuke against get requests. 
measures are used fortress etc then using. 
mainly xss cross site scripting just consists basic java html interpreted commands malicious stuff. 
php name news file article sid optionbox xss can use this gather the session from the site your currently pulling these commands. 
okay want steal some cookies from xmb forum. 
cant iti see just this tags. 
well will look aspnuke soon. 
this what got within first seconds. 
com module discuss forum thread. 
split this wordlist small lists and try again. 
try put full path the wordlist. 
something like blabla wordlist wordlist. 
all depend the table which are accessed with affected sql query. 
there union and subselects then you are not able access other tables. 
you are lucky and sql injection occurs query which deals with users table login password restore etc scripts then you have access user credentials. 
but for example you have sql injection news script which deals with news table then obviously not useful. 
course you can fetch some data database user etc. 
into outfile load file may extremely useful too you have file privilege not common real world situations. 
hey you could use. 
and attach free domain from them your host. 
the url this website that requires login looks like this. 
asp there any way exploit this when put magic quotes like this. 
asp returns microsoft ole provider for odbc drivers error oracle odbc ora ora quoted string not properly terminated index. 
hello friendshow are want ask little question about oracle injection when want retrieve the table name from all tab columns and specify the column name this injection query. 
knew bit windows didn want install the software needed thank you. 
hello waraxecan you please explain what you mean this. 
all try this index. 
php module formexpress func display form form and there sql injection try with union select concat unamechar pass from nuke users where uid and other but doesn work. 
yes first thing remove unneeded info and let only user data. 
can write needed php script within minutes but need source. 
can you use php scripts you and you dont have privacy concerns then upload packed file somewhere and gimme link. 
and will write script for extracting. 
tomorrow becaue right now there where live. 
kind noob file inclusion. 
found script execute commands. 
but doesnt work for. 
can anyone give php script use remote file inclusion and execute remote commands here the code found. 
this oracle not mysql. 
and you don need single quotes here. 
connects the host sends head loop determine any backups vbulletin. 
have been kosovo and that country like outlaw texas they barely have internet and school and this kid says private school for programing. 
kid sorry for the offtopic but must reply. 
found quite few phpbb exploits. 
trying get the hash off this site but the exploits tried wont work. 
the site uses sql and iis. 
the forums are highly modified but the database still intact. 
these are the ones tried. 
php folder savebox mode read sql user and. 
privmsgs type union select from phpbb users where user level limit. 
php search union select concat char user passwordchar from phpbb users where user the second requires mysql. 
have idea what exploit use. 
can someone help don have the resources and time set perl perl exploits wont work for. 
any help there exploit for mssql remotely backup this sites database computer anyone wants have crack for and give you the site details. 
all the xss papers out there you decide link mine. 
but this paper very outdated. 
was written think when xss was very new. 
xss came out believe cert accurate that. 
but the idea using string. 
fromcharcode still works very good for evading filters web apps. 
although should noted that you dont have call for each character like did back then. 
you can issue just one call the function for multiple characters. 
have you read anything disclosure policies nondisclosure perhaps this will interest you. 
great movement which got alot hackers quit posting bugtraq. 
will make you think about why you are disclosing. 
what are your motives. 
greetingvia sqlinjection looking write backdoor into file but without quotesi have tested. 
think need read something about permission maybe about chmod also chown asking why you got that message. 
badro salamyou wrote this assalamou alaykoummerci beacoup monsieur directeur fait plaisir dans autres forums aurait envoy balader avais fais cette demande thanx. 
une question tout cela prendra longtemps avant que site apparaisse sous google quand fait recherche badrh alors pouvez vous faire quelquechose contre monsieur directeur merci apparemment laisses beaucoup traces higgs. 
com essayes tre peu intelligent trouve autre moyen. 
you can have php script foobar. 
php which containing code header content type image jpeg now you can. 
and you see picture because browser sees picture. 
you can even use. 
htaccess mod rewrite tricks apache. 
know how goes tool but prefer learn how goes manuel. 
thank you waraxe for your reply. 
sorry for the retarded question but could someone point the right direction the tools will need hack ipb forums. 
also some tutorials would nice thanks advance hope somebody can help. 
thank you very much. 
here the bible very complete. 
used the cookie with live http headers and got logged admin but clicked admin panel and asked for the password. 
and now cookie invalid and cannot log anymore. 
need find out the password. 
its horribly documented exploit can make anything out. 
could the stalker have physical access the machine you really get worried you could ask for data center transfer. 
that would probably cost bit though but certainly not grand. 
there recently attempted sql injection using the following exploit. 
com exploits however can get seem work properly. 
tried using different sql functions but always get the error message input file specified. 
the exploit does say that you need input the link shell file something but not entirely sure what that means. 
anyone more experienced able give advice. 
want scan all that domain. 
and find all the folders inside. 
and secret folders too. 
done scan for website. 
but hadn found anything. 
but must find cuase there really one folder and really one file html. 
maybe you can help. 
here php cli script wrote today. 
please reupload link not work. 
koko that the exploit have been using and you had actually read what waraxe said was saying that should download ipb. 
forum and install our computer. 
but said cannot find and should give the link. 
you know where the link. 
same problem get too. 
final not available for download any longer. 
could you please find the link for waraxe. 
there anyone know about something about vbulettin xss. 
someone helps will very pleased. 
tried but neva worked got this and the version the board. 
need know what the forum folder thanks for yourhelp the way. 
have the same result nobody has information. 
appreciate the notification recevied back march about our system regarding remote file inclusion. 
however request some help finding new remote file inclusion problem that has been brought attention. 
have been told that have days resolve this bug not sure sure what will happen days but expecting exploit and thought had resolved this issue back march completely but apperently not. 
any help finding what problem there would very helpful. 
can work with whomever wants help make our system more secure. 
thank you again for your time. 
nice job have you post confirmation the vendor. 
and false output and true output. 
this works then you have sql injection. 
too lazy write entire tutorial for you can just google that but bassicly there are two parts there the part you put site via xss hole and then theres the part that you have server your own. 
after you set both you wait your server until victims onto the xss the other site and you can send various commands them and havn looked but does say you can bypass restrictions. 
have some usernames and passwords website which know work the problem that the admin has now made that each user can only log when using their own numbers. 
there anyway that can bypass this. 
waraxe don try your script but look nice. 
import this dump some. 
after that simple sql query exampleselect concat username password from usersselect concat username password salt from users. 
here godownload edited work with new mysql. 
don know why there are all have the same problem then some forums that are. 
final actually get hash. 
maybe the ones that you just get all are patched. 
try search other sql injections same website. 
use subselects and blind injection that instead. 
well the only script that managed log the cookie based upon thismy cookie user zeno script. 
com cgi bin cookie. 
cgiit sends request site that looks like this. 
get cgi bin cookie. 
cgi user zeno note hex encoding for spacebut the source cookie. 
this logger code seems. 
maybe you don have write permissions specific directory suggest add some debug code. 
this seems complicated case. 
try benchmark and watch for response delay. 
this will work then use blind sql injection attack. 
seems exploitable but there can lot mitigating factors. 
you must follow traditional sql injection exploiting scenario get syntax right and then try pull out some information. 
and you have useful visual error feedback then should not very difficult. 
yes suggestion install some old forum blogging cms software your own local and then try xss practice. 
and believe most the real world websites are affected xss there difference between forum based cms based any other website from xss exploiter point view. 
target can custom written website and long there some kind session management xss may offer possibilities hijack sessions and impersonate users admins case weak session management security remote address and useragent binding etc. 
sori can undrestand use this expolit. 
funny think like use school the netsent command build some loop just for bothering but yeah nice way communication during classtests. 
how big your sql dump file megabytes. 
magic quotes sim salabim abracadabra. 
magic quotes flag trigger treat external data requests file contents database fetching automatically escaping special characters mostly single double quotes assigned string variable. 
php magic quotes adjusted from php configuration file php. 
scripting code php provides three magic quotes functions get magic quotes gpc get magic quotes runtime and set magic quotes runtime. 
get magic quotes gpc function will return setting php. 
this used control automatic character escaping from requests. 
this code will show you how the function works. 
hello alli have archive named server pack full all. 
rarit haves megas and can browse the archive but lockedwhen trying extract the files ask for passwordi tryed with arpr. 
brute forcingmasking and dictionary attack and nothingwhat can break the password ere the link the rar archive locked you can break extract the files. 
make the archive again and post link something here the pass you find itdwl from here. 
com enfrtthe archive contains the server lineagei tryed brute forcing and dictionary full english. 
the archive normaly was putted russian guy that can help. 
the archive containg the server the game lineagei trying crack the crack the password but nothing have days. 
maybe someone knows the password have link download the archive without the password thanks all advantage. 
how explore this bug. 
consider that you can use the admin name target websitelike this. 
just checked out address the loading and from yugoslavia indeed. 
iam hacked site its version and iam guess much but icant know any one know way know the name tables and columnes. 
years old school needed you cracker well nvm you can crack using mdcrack. 
pass use google find mdcrack. 
yup its getting harder and harder. 
installed laptop but now saw that the version very old can somebody tell php interpreter for cmd that works forum that has. 
nevermind got loaded php script via the stylesheets. 
thanks dude worked nvm about that passcracking got and gonna change ill see about the upload game. 
find funny how this newbies corner yet none the questions answers seem answer basic question the first step this elaborate process. 
how would get the password password hash. 
don have ftp access the server and privileges are that normal user. 
there got some way that can this remotely without having jack the site ftp something. 
don mind researching bit. 
just need some pointers the right direction. 
far all the knowledge base found has pertained what with the password and methods cracking the hash little lost what search for. 
phishing possibility though rather not have resort that since chance working minimal due the targets being likely more proficient computing than. 
your trying crack the pass going here the red colorinsert into user values admin bef after you export the user table. 
however decided get the data from. 
just another thing did school some days ago catch the somebody else works logged and runs some application. 
you either need physical access least remote desktop connection. 
then you make screenshot with the application running front. 
afterwards close all applications and use your screenshot desktop background. 
not forget move all desktop icons trash. 
now you are finished back your place and keep watching very funny had some students class who are that familiar with computers they tried reboot and everything and nothing worked for sure you should not this your friends anybody who familiar with computers but you know there are some guys each school who always say they are the best they catch your girls and you know. 
funny see those guys messing around with issue like this especially because the issue returns you reboot. 
get bit more realistic just place some your choice how many you like error messages the desktop background. 
the user going try close those messages but can not because they are just part the picture. 
told you before funny watch people bothering with this issue. 
and can done very easily regrades snoop just some fun want share. 
hello what have here proof concept examples. 
php name reviews rop postcomment title cscript alert document. 
cookie script how can get the cookie cant understand the way using this have more quiestions. 
php name faq myfaq yes cat categories xss code here. 
php name encyclopedia terms eid ltr xss code here here xss code here what the hell this code this sql inj. 
what code the edit save post bug there section with picture editing dont know how the code wont load and picture from link img address img effect. 
that perl language file. 
there really way bypassing safemode local exploits probably can anyone please show the path have shell backdoor running but can only access folder. 
using the code that you provided koko and keep getting the same error over and over can use undefined value symbol reference line any suggestions. 
will add them from time time. 
use plugin liveheaders mozilla send cookie file. 
then don see easy way interact with operating system. 
unless you find administration backend other attack vecors like vulnerable upload scripts etc. 
stmicrosoft ole provider for odbc drivers error microsoft odbc sql server driver sql server hoc access ole provider msdasql has been denied. 
you must access this provider through linked server. 
ndmicrosoft ole provider for sql server error sql server blocked access statement openrowset opendatasource component hoc distributed queries because this component turned off part the security configuration for this server. 
system administrator can enable the use hoc distributed queries using configure. 
for more information about enabling hoc distributed queries see surface area configuration sql server books online. 
with tools like priamos able browse through their whole database get tables and columns just the data rejected. 
order jump operating system and for other cool stuff you need privileges database. 
like waraxe said yep. 
thats the thing goes workeasy way mitm just fake one the certificate hope the user wont notice them just ignore the error warningeasy way use cain abel. 
dos itself just spastic hack. 
anyone could and thats just what pisses off. 
could change thing about the way dos anything else works would for all source codes. 
perl break the script people cant use itb never get anyone compile dos tool into. 
exe some loser can use. 
sure that would greatly reduce the ammount people who these things. 
what error based feedback. 
there one more issue you use firewall and ids detect dos flood packets and have them automatically banning source addresses think about what happens when attackers spoof millions addresses and after that nobody can connect your server. 
this scenario discussed various firewall manuals and there simple solution. 
sorry but fail see any rfi lfi file disclosure here. 
well are you sure the page vulnerable rfi index. 
php may have set filters strip out the fact any url altogether. 
their host may also set disable url based includes which quite common. 
believe that url based includes are off php. 
those could your two main problems with your attack currentlyif you manage get include sure upload shell just keep simple. 
don leave files their server that are unnecessary you will arouse their suspicions. 
usual approach strictly lab based attacks and for pen testing start netcat instance their server forwarding bash essentially allows shell access more convinent environment than through php script from your makeshift ssh server you can get work looking other expoits for example the kernel. 
sure cover your tracksi suppose all that pretty confusing ask away your questions here all week. 
what status you have right now can you log cutenews admin can you see template edit option admin menu. 
scan target webserver for tcp port. 
open then may possible connect remotely mysql daemon. 
search for phpmyadmin interface target server and use credentials you have. 
find way get php remote code execution level target server and then connect mysql through php functionality. 
look for other webites the same webserver think about virtual hosting. 
one option buy hosting for one month target webserver and then try use for database and file system access. 
this case all depends hosting server admins how good are they cross user security management. 
sup have few things would like ask been exploiting for alittle while now but all can use the search and journal and the search doesnt work need something that will get nomatter what there any exploits out that could help could you let know. 
helloi all new this sql injection and exploits for forums would someone able point the direction how that would very helpful and would very greatful. 
there any smf that are proven work. 
been thru the forum all day. 
can really find anything. 
try find phpmyadmin some other sql client this server. 
would imagine would still work like was your server. 
sup alck this isnt bug but attack type that pretends that user that dun know bout click the link after loggon site etc. 
like forum make post and put link etc. 
lemme show example aint good php lets try some asp pages hehe your target. 
com your page that will get the cookie. 
asp you make post that have url like this. 
cookie click here check new website the user click crafted link they will redirected for your page wich will the follow get cookie and store table redirect the user for the correct link don look suspicious cookie. 
connect the creates recordset etc. 
dim trim request cookievalue. 
insert into the with rcookievalue. 
you can ask linux for that can drive trough rfi section linux already paste the link too the script. 
liunx where are you this shell not bypassing the save mode all more explanations needed perhaps. 
kapersky antivirus detects like virus pump archiveszone alarm whit antivirus does not detect itforum member test decompress everything. 
cookie everything works fine. 
but when try alert hello then source code are replaced and then nothing working like should there way how avoid this and another question available inject php script. 
how many days needed too get one replay this forum seems long but still the hope covering all topic. 
maybe target patched you know whats your best option get needed ipb version from somewhere and install your home. 
and then try exploit locally. 
and after you have been successful hacking your own website then try remote targets real world. 
this can save you from lot frustration. 
thats not what you need all. 
take look similar exploit for ipb and phpbb using bbcode. 
but did find this vbulliten support site. 
yes know men that not spyware virus. 
for that was write the poc for this situation and write google for asking what are they make whith this searches. 
publish python script for two reasons think this exploitable situation for google looks the potential use this news filters. 
mostly for the purpose education though would like crack one pass. 
have passwordspro access the ftp and cpanel and would like access the admin account mostly the admincp. 
tried searching but afraid don know much about this stuff. 
net which vbull site. 
what would step step far went. 
php and clicked view page source. 
searched and found this. 
this specific issue does not seem sql injection. 
but sure try every parameter with and without use single. 
how many databases have this mysql server. 
when got inside site saw file like shadow and. 
pwd file like injector asdaseaewa. 
does that mean that that the password and can decrypted unhashed. 
tried decrypting using cain but doesnt seem recognise. 
cain only decrypts pwl and. 
well its snitz forums and there exists xss links showsub. 
asp cat cat basicly inject folowing script. 
txt open appendfwrite get cookie. 
write the cookie instead having cookie logged logger. 
txt the cookie displayed the address bar. 
php cookie snitz why not cookie logged logger. 
new sql injection found vbulletin forums. 
xthe vulnerabilite found last. 
php last topics hack. 
username lastposter from user thread where usergroupid limit enjoy. 
what version the ipb software the target running where being hosted its not self hosted. 
search for scripts installed the webdownload. 
com file kjoaon pkrydi installed script finder. 
com file cfe analysis. 
try with char ascii union all select column name from information schema. 
columns where table name concat char char char char char char char char and table schema concat char char char char limit. 
php action detail union all select password from mysql. 
user where user user causes syntax error. 
you have error your sql syntax why butindex. 
php action detail union all select concat user apassword from mysql. 
user workshow can find passwords for other users other than root. 
you don have file priv. 
maybe can you see like this one users your error sql magic quotes problem for bypass you must encoding user hex char. 
try appending some these the end the string the parameter that you are messing with. 
forgot mention the responce cookie following formatcookie snitz snitz user pword hash name userid. 
yes that would excellent anyone could help out here below are some the ones unable crack. 
waraxe will you the name the site that they refer. 
ecda eout zero bodie amyke edc fbd dba memory fbddae bea wry dcdbcfdsear fca ljs fmc adb jenga fsmeg ffde btubbylad these are the usernames the mods and admins the site. 
thanks for the reply. 
description rgod has discovered weakness simple machine forum which can exploited malicious people disclose certain system information. 
the weakness caused the application allowing users use external files avatars. 
this can exploited gather information. 
addresses browser types other users who view forum post containing external avatar image. 
successful exploitation requires that the user allowed specify external files avatar. 
the weakness has been confirmed version. 
other versions may also affected. 
solution configure the user group permissions disallow the use external avatars. 
what would use this. 
question had permissions read some files like config. 
there any known smf. 
please don post real url next timeload file and other file related functions mysql require file privileges. 
website hosted shared server then probably admin will not give such privileges low level users. 
same story with mysql. 
user server secure then you can access mysql. 
instead escalating sql injection php code level through into outfile reading files with load file you can try find administrative interface then fetch admin username and password from database and then try from web application admin interface escalate your privileges. 
example template editing can give you arbitrary php code execution possibilities various website settings sendmail path can give access shell command exec other pathes local file inclusion valid uploadable file extensions you can change them and upload php files etc. 
well most these computers are windows otherwise cant find version type. 
but latley been trying figure out how shut down other computer with dos. 
and all the computer are network and know theres way just need some help. 
not vulnerable just yet. 
give few months suggest and look again exploit may crop then. 
apart from that you could two things look for other software the same account that might vulnerable blog even vulnerable forum modifications shout box. 
look for insecure vulnerable apps neighbor accounts assuming that shared hosting and try get into the server from there. 
try this link enter your target domain and carefully look through the results for outdated websites. 
soon possible ive made simple script for testing the site post bugtraq too. 
sup guys need sum hack this siteu can even access the tht site just need the pass. 
crack nooby hacking need sum help you can. 
can access the admin panel with out being admin think bout. 
oif want hack with meor want help reply please thanks. 
strip tags php for input good enough againts xss and for out put. 
simple texts may bebut not more secure also site using htmlentities for output the data from still have change bybass them. 
guys almost all php nuke atacks try get nuke authors information and think that writte this code mainfile. 
thanks yes that works for some the passwords take that where doesnt work when user has used more secure password string. 
correct unfortunately doesnt work for the guys whos passwords wanted like the admin the site what can and should try next get access their site the admin passwords they have now. 
drop until you know the basics say. 
google ftp client sql injection php apache. 
care share with what you use then please. 
you can use sql injection for login bypass then use for blind sql injection attack and get all the info you need. 
there are tools for this not that difficult. 
lfi more common probably your best bet and lenny said rfi php longer common. 
ini called allow url fopen that commonly set off. 
and also the code likeinclude somethinghere. 
get page you can overwrite the somethinghere part you can call external http files such case very common. 
guys like ask something maybe someone can help. 
yea its about mime types. 
can they faked mean possible that have php file that upload and somehow tell the browser that the mime type jpeg would pretty neat trick fool some server side scripts. 
any ideas suggestions thanks. 
hey everyone got host user passfrom mysql. 
userthe pass has been cracked thanks great member here. 
now upon attempting connect the mysql server using navicat displayed with the following error. 
who has some ideia make sql here injection here already tried all things. 
and the maximum that obtained was overflow. 
microsoft vbscript runtime error type mismatch string union all selec shownews. 
asp union all selectmemb info table name. 
edited linux read the rules. 
report all holes and vendor fix all bugs. 
look all sources codes and compare you need patience. 
here the setup can insert table names and but these queries are pretty hostile from what can tell sql injection. 
there escaping all can put whatever want. 
any queries fail error returned all the only output are the queries themselves. 
this script meant accessed via ajax that the user not meant see the output. 
the programmer has forgotten turn off his her debug output and also has forgotten validate inputserver mysql running the mysql php extension. 
here the queries exactly they are output the script. 
errm file saved ipb. 
the bin directorythe exploit usr bin perl invision power board sql injection exploit rst ghc vulnerable forum versions. 
work all mysql versions work with magic quotes use for bypass magic quotes gpc oded. 
com ipb server blah. 
com path ipb member target ipb. 
done member password dcc deb ipb. 
done member member login key dfe greets james bercegay the gulftech security research team credits rst ghc. 
use socket argv usage server argv path argv member argv target argv pass target member login key password server request request. 
path num print server server print path path print member member print target target print target ipb. 
print print searching password. 
ord while found found char char length allchar print done member member print target member login key password print allchar. 
else print failed exit else allchar. 
chr num sub found fmin fmax fmax fmin crack fmin fmax return int fmax fmax fmin check between and fmax check check found fmax else found fmin sub crack cmin cmax cmin while cmax crcheck check crcheck return return sub check status ccheck pass hash pass hash. 
socket socket inet new proto tcp peeraddr server peerport printf socket get sindex. 
php act login code autologin. 
nhost naccept ncookie member pass hash nconnection close path server cmember pass hash cmember pass hash pass hash nmalykh while socket set cookie session return return sub status status status print status print status print status print sub usage print invision power board. 
sql injection exploit usage ipb. 
server folder member target server host where ipb installed folder folder where ipb installed member user for brute targets ipb. 
exit wanna know what type get the hashes off the registered user forum. 
com forum example pleasehelp greatly appreciated and new. 
guess that server throws error instead showing meaningful sql error messages right now you have allready working sql injection pattern you. 
found site where can inject from form html. 
tried php code but seems not processed. 
know that code stored and then fetched and executed. 
maybe need bypass the echo command. 
any help suggestions thank you. 
waraxe plexi shai tan autant pseudo qui disent long sur comportement. 
shai tan est fier tre sait surtout quand lui expliqu que veut dire son pseudo. 
ailleurs sait des gens qui peuvent rallier avec shaitan pour arriver leurs fins. 
chez autres gens appelle takiya. 
leave computer whole day and nothing used mdcrack. 
after searching and reading and like this stuffi found that can excute this expliot netcatex. 
then have enter some post commandafter that get the hash password. 
okay now are near. 
and need help also. 
therei discovered exploitable site. 
the url looks like this. 
php search asdfthis query gets executed select from sometable where somecolumn like asdf tried use union select know the column count sometable but the php script splits the input commas probably using explode. 
enter search abc this query executed select from sometable where somecolumn like and somecolumn like and somecolumn like can anybody please help how use union select here thanks advancetommy. 
there are tools for this. 
zipi tried this tool about minutes ago home against vmware test guest both winxp pro and result was perfect. 
you will use that utility properly then not likely that you will get caught. 
unless there some packet logger ids running. 
try follow this procedure for mssql. 
hereand this for the cheat sheet command for different heresorry for bad english. 
was proving new bug phpbb faq and used the example. 
have put this form. 
the full path disclousure its minor security glitch and this info can help the attacker visualize his target more better. 
and some cases the attacker uses the information guest the name the file zone get the special zone admins. 
simply way just say were the website what directory. 
journals after some serious confusion about where put this decided add journal lols will soon find decent file server bye for now peeps dont forget about the auth. 
thats the one your talking about well said dont have the time resources. 
its just fun with out back home. 
usr bin perluse socket. 
remote commands exec exploit based. 
com archive succesfully tested. 
php the third issue search highlighting has been checked several times and can nothing with all. 
again that particular group admit likewise. 
will eliminate the problem once and for all but noted cannot our knowledge and noted testing taken advantage and thus not considered cause for immediate release. 
com phpbb cmd total drwxr dhn phpbb oct. 
drwxrwxr root phpbb nov. 
drwxr dhn phpbb oct cvs drwxr dhn phpbb jul admin drwxrwxrwx dhn phpbb aug cache dhn phpbb mar catdb. 
php dhn phpbb jul common. 
php root root jul config. 
php drwxr dhn phpbb jun drwxr dhn phpbb jul docs dhn phpbb oct extension. 
inc dhn phpbb jul faq. 
php drwxr dhn phpbb aug files dhn phpbb jul groupcp. 
php drwxr dhn phpbb aug images drwxr dhn phpbb jul includes dhn phpbb jul index. 
php drwxr dhn phpbb sep language dhn phpbb jul login. 
php dhn phpbb mar memberlist. 
php dhn phpbb jul modcp. 
php dhn phpbb mar mods manager. 
php dhn phpbb jul posting. 
php dhn phpbb jul privmsg. 
php dhn phpbb jul profile. 
php dhn phpbb oct rules. 
php dhn phpbb jul search. 
php drwxr dhn phpbb jun templates dhn phpbb mar viewforum. 
php dhn phpbb jul viewonline. 
php dhn phpbb jul viewtopic. 
com phpbb cat config. 
php cmd cat config. 
php dbms mysql dbhost localhost dbname phpbb dbuser phpbb dbpasswd phpbb cks table prefix phpbb. 
this code public after phpbb. 
com was defaced really stupid man with nickname tristam. 
dbname ccteam phpbb dbuser ccteam userphpbb dbpasswd xcbrsoy eat this dude. 
remote command execution exploitby rush security team. 
url dir num cmd params url server url. 
com dir directory where phpbb installed. 
phpbb num number existing topic cmd command for execute. 
exit serv argv dir argv topic argv cmd argv serv cmd cmd print cmd. 
ord path dir path. 
socket socket inet new proto tcp peeraddr serv peerport die connect failed print socket get path. 
print socket host serv print socket accept print socket connection close while answer socket answer end print exit print answer answer start print exploit failed print eof. 
maybe you don have file privileges. 
new rfi excuse noobnessis this exploitable. 
good information about oracle sql injection. 
com oracle sql injection cheat sheet oku and also suggest test things localhost. 
for encoding possible use chr function oracle. 
htmlfor example user accounts will. 
can one explain what bad for webmasters about xss you can change the title webpage for example big deal sure that not very good example but please give example that makes scared xss being webmaster. 
see that you trying again. 
perhaps you have think more than more before continue. 
just installed this board. 
trying upload shell from templates. 
there the list templates. 
and the button modify templates. 
then you find the html code. 
just copy and paste your shell like joomla templates. 
and the find the right path original template. 
haven you try this way this doesn work try find another way from the cms code. 
try create new group template. 
and then add template. 
succesfully upload shell but the extension. 
tpl and then there problem read shell file. 
there are silent ways and acunetix doesnt list directorys. 
what acunetix does indexing through the website and searching for. 
files lets say that have path for example. 
jpg the structure the site issite. 
com imagefolder you have for example empty index. 
htm file imagefolder that directory cannot listed. 
but you can say that exists. 
you can play with the. 
htaccess file wellyou can create. 
htacess file your directory and add the following parameter indexignore you want hide specific extensions indexignore. 
jpg this will allow listin. 
html and other files beside gif and jpg. 
understand need insert this code web. 
multiple antivirus scanners dos attackjejejej attack your victim combining social engineer and this file his victim exposed attack vulnerable products only tested. 
norton antivirus norton antivirus mcafee virusscan network associates mcafee virusscan enterprise. 
protector plus macafee uvscan scan for linux. 
rav antivirus online scanner couldn complete the scan. 
windows default zip manager report wrong size compress zip files. 
there has been multiple reports panda antivirus drweb. 
are vulnerable details while having manual scan compressed files several antivirus trojan spy ware scanners suffer dos attack the software tries completely extract the archive and scan its content for hostile file. 
moreover you download such archives from internet location copy paste such files from destination. 
those vulnerable antivirus software with their auto protect engines active may also trigger dos. 
attacker can create big filedd dev zero crash and compress the file. 
well there are ways squeeze terabyte such data few kilobytes attacker could construct such archive and send vulnerable gateway multiple times may result system stability high cpu use for long time system hang crash etc. 
note this just simple proof concept smaller archive can created that contain terabyte data. 
moreover not safe set automatically quarantine delete option set for your scanner may try quarantine the virus extracting the archive. 
can you give link download that tar file. 
will whait some advanced user give oppinion also waraxei know that hard but its good talk abouth these theme and learn. 
yeah need that tryed find mysql vulnerablityes sites they get this microsoft jet databasee but think its older than mssql cya. 
you get linux system cygwin and type man gcc the shell. 
doesn even create logger. 
txt file the result shown the browser. 
php cookie snitz blablaonce managed create the logger. 
txt file but inside were just this lines don get any kind error eitheris snitz forum secure not shown your forums vulnerable list. 
sometime exploit have problem with char ascii found this tool maybe make easy when attackand lastest versionthis tool beta version. 
com vojmsobcyzg tip link must works when you run. 
php union select error. 
question after xss don get cookie logged file but showed address bar instead. 
saw that the released exploits didn work. 
this proof concept the job. 
php post reply union select user passworduser name from users where user group limit the problem previous exploit the variable was that the single value was used multiple queries. 
the one found this piece code post. 
original code reply isset this get query this fetch select. 
user name from this pre posts this pre users where. 
post this get and. 
original code the nice thing that injecting the value permits see data directly the form metween quotes. 
already patched against this. 
phphere solution checkurl server request uri preg match admin checkurl preg match admin checkurl preg match user checkurl preg match user checkurl preg match checkurl preg match checkurl preg match checkurl echo die exit hope helps. 
thx sqli field really like and exploiting such fun. 
plz help find security. 
doubt has physical access the server. 
com tools port scanner found out these ports where open. 
port ftp port smtp port pop port mysql. 
darkf this php xploit. 
write how use php xploit times here forum. 
example phpnuke page you can steal the cookie from the admin. 
this cookie the password hash includet. 
with this hash you can manipulate own cookie and login admin this site. 
sorry for bad english think waraxe can better describe. 
for the past few hours been trying retrieve admin password from ipb forum. 
finali been using this code. 
that page prepared but does not don know the reason can give example for this bug there are thanks. 
lots and lots methods and variations. 
tons whitepapers tutorials books and readmes. 
sit down relax have some beer and start reading something for start from pentester point view. 
you shuld read some article about sql injecion with information shema. 
have allready given details about this method many times. 
htmltry and you still have problems let know. 
interesting get the same thing with this. 
perhaps one the sploitmasters round these parts will able take look this looks for waraxe linix etc. 
checking for sql injection involves auditing your web applications and the best way using automated sql injection scanners. 
compiled list free sql injection scanners believe will value both web application developers and professional security auditors. 
here have publics sql injection scanners. 
com top free sql injection scanners. 
thank you very much have the admin username and hash. 
you have any advisories manuals where you explain how can construct phpnuke admin cookies thanks advance. 
probably not possible with that exploit. 
you have admin privileges ipb can you upload files modify templates some other way manipulate files server. 
