kinda far away from all you guys. 
might able come some meetings though. 
union station pretty good here are some details detailscheck out all the food places union station plaza cafecasual edited april darkshadow. 
bet could drag along friend. 
but don have car. 
how about meeting close metro stop comm rail stop. 
cool would interested there was monthly schedule that way can plan ahead. 
currently the norfolk beach meetings but would every now and then treck for meeting. 
great our roster expanding. 
you guys prefer any specific place union station cafes bookstores. 
check previous post for more details should also start thinking about when want start the meetings. 
thinking like friday may. 
some time between and. 
down live nova within walking distance the metro. 
also sbarro rocks socks. 
unfortunately just found out that the show working right now added performance that night probibly won able make for this time but will try get sub. 
well the fort wayne area for most the summer seems. 
there anyone near here that could come binrev meeting. 
guys pick one the following meeting places. 
they are both street level the food court union station. 
sbarro italian eatery street levelwhole the slice spaghetti lasagna and salads. 
corner bakery caf street levelbreakfast sandwiches sandwiches salads pasta breads beverages and variety desserts. 
note taken from here. 
edit going conduct site survey these locations may change. 
edit everyone who did not already receive from please send list topics you would interested either presenting learning about. 
well guess the only thing need now determine what you want the meeting presentations wardriving discussions. 
and what cafe restaurant whatever union station you want meet eat. 
far have agreed upon general place union station date may time between exact time will determined closer the meeting current members meetings may darkshadow. 
good four people far and growing. 
based the current member locations suggest the following general area for the meeting. 
however suggest get more people before make final decision. 
spread the word guys. 
union station rather large. 
have set gmail account and phone number that people can call once they are there get the location the meeting. 
com and course you have google talk you can questionsyou can also call this number email that box for information regarding the meetingsonce you get few meetings under your belt let know and give you subdomain binrevmeetings. 
com host meeting site. 
well the third friday may the. 
you are still out town can make the. 
everyone who did not already receive from please send list topics you would interested either presenting learning about. 
have only received one about this. 
our meetings will pretty lame have nothing please send topics soon people need time address the topics. 
should clarify attending american university and exams end the. 
after that headed sweet home massachusetts. 
gonna out limb and say would probably make more sense forget about and schedule according the convenience the people that can actually show. 
down for anywhere union station. 
although should note out town may. 
bethesda within walking distance metro. 
there has more than hackers. 
the key getting people getting the word out. 
how about dinner meetings union station got metro stop and massive food court. 
union station certainly seems like good place for meeting. 
would definatley try make meetings and bring back into the meeting activity. 
com and course you have google talk you can questionsyou can also call this number email that box for information regarding the meetingsedited may mubix. 
shit thats like hour away. 
guess need more people before determine the location. 
please reply you live maryland. 
there are enough people should start binrev meetings maryland. 
will share ideas hack and have fun. 
live nova and the district meetings longer exist would open suggestions. 
first post here binrev. 
from rockville and wanna come the next meeting. 
please lemme know when where. 
either post here email folktheory gmaili like start going maryland meetingsalso. 
anyone else interested only had meeting. 
there were only two people there and decided that union station was poor meeting place. 
went inactive and the meeting died completely. 
contact you are still interested. 
wow not alone this state. 
you can get something together for meeting try make work permitting. 
shit finally get chance hop back binrev and missed the meeting. 
won here over the summer but definitely check you guys next fall. 
was just wondering anyone yugoslavia was interested having meeting sometime. 
not sure how would arranged. 
looks like have agreed union station. 
lets pick time and date meet there and scout around for nice place hold the meeting. 
would able the following times sunday any timefriday after pmnext weekend and anytimeps. 
was beginning think would not get enough members. 
have been union station and have talked friends about. 
starting think its not such good idea hold our meetings there. 
first not near most our members. 
second not very safe place with laptops. 
third its not very good area and not really maryland. 
thinking some place either montgomery county fredrick county. 
any suggestions also believe that would good idea have meeting this coming friday instead just completely canceling this meeting. 
one place which might work well for meetings downtown silver spring. 
nice because witin block and half the metro silver spring station the red line there large cluster restaurants and about two blocks from the metro the silver spring verizon. 
although terms gear safety the area getting much better but always one worry wart. 
the meeting were there though there are couple possible places. 
one would the restaurants since there nice bright outdoor seating and also right next parking lot for all you who don want take metro and want drive. 
there also nice diner tasty diner silver spring which has great moderatly priced food and conveinetly located behind the silver spring. 
there also plenty area around. 
lightgreat will check the place out. 
can you guys make june edited may darkshadow. 
you not averse frederick hagerstown frequent those areas. 
baltimore not bad but. 
was actually going post this too tonight. 
had couple more drinks than thought would and didn get back until about half hour ago. 
have decent size text file released there did ssh covering everything from basic usage scp sftp etc hardening the default install then moving into cooler stuff like remote backups and compression using tar and rsync along with bash piping and executing commands remotely. 
also have presentation file. 
was originally for lug meeting isn really hack centric but made pretty informative and comprehensive and the hardening section has some good tips and iptables rules. 
the new ddp video sounds very cool. 
next meeting friday the the center cafe inside union station. 
the meetings will now every friday the month. 
during the last meeting had trouble finding location with both wifi and power please bring your laptop fully charged. 
you plan coming please contact. 
how did the meeting and when the next one was just myself and. 
like said the next meeting will the third friday next month aug. 
one responds this thread will try contact people that posted the past two weeks before the meeting. 
wasn for the hour drive and the traffic would try come but would depend schedule and stuff. 
will monitor the threads and see about future one. 
yea would with union station. 
anyone these areas send. 
want start new group meeting least once month not more. 
lets like mindied people together and see what can dolater biospheari totally down. 
you guys still alive the meeting tomorrow edit meeting has been canceled due lack available members this month please mark your calendars for next months meeting however enough people request this can have meeting earlier. 
believe partly fault for the cancellation the meeting since did not remind you guys advance just assumed you guys checked this thread. 
org when thursday march talks bluetooth foo dominic smileydradis overview etd lightning talk mins lightning talk mins lightning talk mins etd bring your lightning talkswhere upstairs glassblower. 
iwloc addr glasshouse piccadilly jydoors open from speaking starts from. 
please try and prompt some people need early get trains back out london. 
have private use the whole the upstairs till. 
real ale draught adnams broadside spitfire buccomb and doombar other stuff draught guinness staropramen leffe. 
even more stuff draught becks fosters food menu extensive and most importantly they pie but they stop serving pmi been two their previous meetings and these guys are tedited march phr der. 
would love meet but stuck out the boonies hampstead and really hate driving anywhere near. 
going post next month hadn thought about using. 
that great idea but where would one post this information under service erotic. 
the november meeting will held this friday the will discussing several topics including wep cracking certificate authorities windows and group policy hope see everyone there. 
even more stuff draught becks fosters food menu extensive and most importantly they pie but they stop serving pmi been two their previous meetings and these guys are thow are these guys. 
how are these guys been really impressed some the talks that have been given. 
the people who those meetings have them are real hackers. 
some black hat some white hat but they all knew what they were talking about. 
makes remember how much have learnso you had friend invite you. 
attn mods this considered then please delete and accept apology. 
anywhoi havent been here ages glad see that the site hasnt disappeared please excuse post not trying spam anything any way. 
just figured that like help brotha out from binrev since many the old skool members are south florida residents. 
basically work for datacenter west palm beach. 
looking for another guy for the early day shift around the lines that well versed php mysql well basic linux administration and basic tcp knowledge. 
basic cisco ios skills would big plus but not required per. 
thinking outside the box and being good self teacher what matters most. 
its really chill and relaxed environment just looking for someone help out the morning and preferably hand help with some php coding and site maintenance and hopefully able perform some basic linux tasks such install fresh distros config network settings manage some basic apache stuff minor dns here and there etc etc you know the drill sure. 
not necessarily looking for someone with years php experience and phd computer science you young thats fine probably younger anyway know its tough being unemployed you are palm beach county florida and you fit the description shoot email fragtheweak gmail. 
dont really even need resume long you give decent description yourself but you have one made already thats fine too. 
guys meant was hour and two minutes from the tampa meeting and hour and five minutes from. 
will quite bit further but either one good one. 
rep doesn end further down the gutter state for the record don sex the first date. 
real classy and shit. 
you hack the first date. 
any vancity hakkers out there not many vanckers here just. 
btw from alberta edited june indexphinger. 
makes remember how much have learn. 
lets get one thing straight didn loose appetite eaten things that are much more gross. 
was just quick thinking get free meal. 
but thanks for the props. 
lets like mindied people together and see what can dolater biosphear. 
was just wondering anyone else the area was going the vmware symposia next wednesday. 
anyone interested going but hasn registered yet you can register here. 
seems like they still have slots open but they will probibly fast now. 
anyone else going maybe can meetup something. 
wow that good idea just listed local meeting there well. 
wasn aware that there was such thing the craigslist groups section. 
yeah had some things pop that absolutely couldn controlled sorry had dip out this one. 
and yeah reminders long way making sure people stay aware the meetings. 
from one the countrys but think that there not many people from around here and those that are are mostly spread around entire balkan would tough organise meeting people are countrys away from its place. 
dude sarasota like hour from meeting. 
fact you are minutes closer than the meeting altamonte springs. 
shit damn dude you should come down rightcoast will sex you have ride car. 
you realize now different countrys. 
seems that most the people previously interested these meetings are not active anymore. 
think have extend the voting period the end the weekend. 
hope that there are more hackers maryland and that they will see this thread over the weekend. 
you have any suggestions how can advertise these meetings more people will try get this into the topic message binrev. 
any vancity hakkers out there. 
would down for meeting. 
are meeting the may this saturday. 
does anyone have geek targeted material that they want share the meeting anyone interested can bring powerpoint with video website that working for senior project. 
does anyone have caravan think cool cram like guys into caravan and wardriving while discussing random tech crap. 
binrev meeting the road anyone got camcorder depending where meet etc. 
video the meetings can post them wherever for now most likely youtube then embed them later somewhere. 
thought you meant was closer orlando. 
where being heldthe meeting held university mall food court from check out. 
com for more details enigmai not gonna able make gentlemen. 
can send you some old meeting notes your interested you need some ideas what present enigma. 
the april meeting tonight will there giving out free stuff and always have short presentation give this time portable applications for more info check out the binrev meeting sitehope see everyone there. 
live montgomery county and would love come but seeing dont think parents would like much told them was gonig hacking meeting. 
anyone know any meetings the atlanta area. 
hope you guys are keeping this meeting going strong. 
sounds like one the better ones. 
plan coming over sometime the begining the year hopefully january for meeting one time. 
won know until see how scheduled works out for the beginning the year. 
will try bring punch and pie. 
don understand how possible have many people these forums and have few interested hacker meetings maryland. 
there were more people interested this idea last year. 
will try spread the word some more but not have much influence because relatively new here. 
mubix hope can gather one two more people and have meeting setup pretty soon. 
having successful meeting might get more people interested. 
mubix did you have specific place mind when you suggested union station. 
sounds good ill there. 
car broke down unfortunately won there this time around. 
are you going pay. 
this reminder that the next meeting this fridayunion station. 
the meeting was not perfect but still had good time and have absolutely regrets mubix was very generous offered pay for meal intelligent and cool. 
mubix and looked for good location inside union station where would able host the meetings. 
surprisingly did not find many places with accessible power sources and public internet access like had hoped. 
were able unplug lamp inside restaurant which got free meal. 
but more that later and hook our laptops. 
ordered food and discussed the structure and contents future meetings. 
suggested that could present slide show with video live demonstration various website the next meeting. 
mubix liked the idea and agreed peer review presentation before the next meeting. 
then proceeded set his own wireless access point order demonstrate some hacks. 
however murphy laws kicked and mean mubix working hard and giving supporting comments while devouring lunch attempted get the access point work with absolutely minimal documentation. 
also had some interesting discussions related xss csrf and hacking the smarttrip cards. 
when was about time home decided some last minute war walking and concluded that must find meeting place outside the food court because were unsuccessful finding location with accessible power and wifi after walking around the entirety the food court. 
plan call visit few places near union station that will meet our requirements and post findings. 
wondering how got free meal the restaurant that chose was close the entrance and very accessible bugs. 
during our meal spotted relatively large sized bug crawling the table. 
when pointed this out mubix lost his appetite and notified near waiter who then got the manager. 
surprisingly the manager stared the bug and then looked with big smile. 
still cannot find humor the situation and said would take care the check. 
when the manager went away for minute took the opportunity salvage much free meal possible possibly acquired habit from living russia after the collapse the soviet union before the waiter came back take away our plates. 
shoutz mubix for taking the time come the meeting despite having travel hours look forward meeting you again. 
hope you guys can come the next meeting which will even better. 
ponyboy holds meeting frys the duluth area first and third tuesday the month. 
organyone know any meetings the atlanta area. 
just posted the meeting local craigslist groups and would probably get couple more people attend other local meetings well anyone else did that their local craigslist. 
shit damn dude you should come down rightcoast will sex you. 
down the here pretty soon. 
around for the meeting stop. 
there you and whatever eye candy can into joining. 
com for more details enigma. 
the orlando hacker meeting will this friday the altamonte mall food court. 
hoping put together presentation the last minute and solicit feedback for possible even work there group. 
get point that feel comfortable with might submit for hope. 
least one new person will attending and couple other new people have been invited. 
feel free invite anyone that you think might interested. 
flaked long week work and the couch just called name. 
eye candy always nice. 
guess this has never been started and has died. 
would like pick this where has been left off. 
propose voting general location first and then picking specific place later. 
suggest the following locations rockville vote springunion station votes mubix cypressplease reply this thread mail your vote and will update this thread regularly with the current votes. 
hope have general location agreed upon within days. 
this friday can gather the closest metro stop the selected general location and search for good meeting locations. 
during this time can all introduce ourselves and have some fun. 
things smoothly can have our first meeting the. 
southern delaware the moment. 
how did the meeting and when the next one. 
here the latest information registered binrevdc. 
comi set google apps now the core members can have binrevdc. 
com through gmail can also link subdomains your sites. 
posted simple image binrevdc. 
comgoogle apps includes email calendar docs chat. 
the below information still valid. 
can give access those who need itbinrev. 
com and course you have google talk you can questions. 
either post here email folktheory gmail. 
there meeting the this saturday around. 
please contact you are planning coming. 
mubix did you have specific place mind when you suggested union station what initially set was that would pick time and would all meet the main hall entrance and then find seated location afterwards. 
that was mainly what the phone number was for. 
union station pretty good here are some details detailscheck out all the food places union station plaza cafecasual edited apr darkshadow. 
any interest delaware meeting. 
wow thought the meeting threads were dead. 
live hour south union station meetup would work better that location. 
down for maryland meeting over the summer. 
good hour and half from union station though. 
sry all that was unable attend. 
lelantus deff applogise didn respond time. 
actually had back home this weekend wasn the area anymore. 
had business take care. 
alexandria long term engagement with big suv. 
people need ride lemme know. 
next week and the week after have engagement seattle and houston. 
didn have time read through the entire thread find the date but can. 
the meeting will held septemeber the panera bread check the site for details. 
com would also helpful. 
delaware not far from maryland all. 
interest here learn little more seeing that well constructed website. 
just starting out with the whole scene but would love get some hands and learn. 
this friday will the meeting and most other meetings. 
will start around and run until the mall closes and then will probably continue the traditional waffle house meal. 
rightcoast will presenting ssh starting simple and going into some more advanced features functionality. 
sounds like will have little something for everyone. 
will giving recap interz and will hopefully presenting the new video show from the ddp that was released interz well. 
this will available the public hopefully this weekend but and attendees will get sneak peek. 
have lots freebies this month. 
some shirts the new magazine and some stickers. 
also still have some ubuntu cds for those who didn get one wanted another one. 
would ask everyone who planning attend start thinking about some projects that they would like work see done. 
just ideas and brainstorming fine this point can see what kind things can group smaller teams. 
have lot varied talented people our meetings should use that skill producers not consumers. 
look forward seeing everyone. 
but don expect terribly interesting conversation from her. 
because she not terribly interesting. 
having these meetings myself sucks. 
just fun lecture sometimes. 
god lonely slits wrists but seriously anyone interested anybody all. 
currently believe have presentation lock picking and will doing presentation genetic algorithms. 
please make final post you will able come this friday may. 
hope see you guys there. 
believe droops doing something similiar and submitting hacktv. 
