0 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
0 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
0 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
0 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
0 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
1 does really matter find this guy not feel like this pointless search lol. 
2 use terminal mount the iso the drive. 
2 heres the proccess use. 
2 howto burn iso usb drive your macinsert your thumbdrive. 
2 you should see pop your desktop all nice and mounted ready for you use. 
2 you can see your desktop you can use the way need. 
2 diskutil listyou should see something like this dev disk type name size identifier guid partition scheme. 
2 disk apple corestorage. 
2 disk apple boot recovery. 
2 disk dev disk type name size identifier apple hfs macintosh. 
2 disk dev disk type name size identifier guid partition scheme. 
2 disk apple hfs passport. 
2 disk dev disk type name size identifier fdisk partition scheme. 
2 disk dos fat untitled. 
2 disk the instance above noted thumbdrive dev disk. 
2 happened untitled but could whatever name you may have given. 
2 anyhow essentially need unmount everything that disk but not remove completely from the system. 
2 diskutil unmountdisk dev disk unmount all volumes disk was successfulthat solves that. 
2 now where that iso image you have you need know where you can copy that thumbdrive. 
2 the way this thumbdrive that either backed other ways not useful like old and small whatever. 
2 you note the one using. 
2 lol got with cisco router that bought. 
2 came with management software that sucks. 
2 that thumbdrive when all over will have nothing but the iso you burning. 
2 the destructive part sudo desktop crunchbang. 
2 iso dev rdisk records records out bytes transferred. 
2 secs bytes sec should note you won see any activity more that second. 
2 you hit return and the computer goes work not telling working not. 
2 one those classic commands ain fancy pretty all high falutin. 
2 does one thing and does exactly what you told errors. 
2 should also note you screw point that something important like disk list above disk well you have the joy reinstalling the your mac most likely. 
2 breakdown sudo most you know what this. 
2 allows you things the superuser your mac. 
2 command convert and copy file don know why named that. 
2 input file output file block size you can use you get the idea. 
2 like there not much speed gained anything bigger. 
2 some you are looking that output file location and thinking where the heck did get rdisk from well the same location disk only raw device connection. 
2 stepping outside the rules little bit taking little known shortcut that doesn have any stoplights you will. 
2 you essentially move the same data about the time you dev rdisk the last thing that you should eject but how you that since you can drag the trash diskutil still has you covered. 
2 diskutil eject disk disk disk ejectedif you really need see something you need have install pipe viewer. 
2 unless you already have some system like macports homebrew have working and know how use just suck and deal with not seeing something. 
2 anyhow maybe you dork like and you have pipe viewer. 
2 instead the command used initially going modify. 
2 petr desktop crunchbang. 
2 iso sudo dev rdisk. 
2 mib eta there you. 
2 nice little visual guide for elapsed time how fast and estimate for how long going take. 
2 you want know more about pipe viewer there great article here. 
2 this turned out longer than expected. 
2 anyhow hope helps one you out there. 
2 you need answered what mac you have older macbookpro. 
3 can someone post some the basics php already alot css html and bit java. 
3 php seems the way the darknet and would love learn. 
4 there isnt any next posts. 
5 think its better place the item somewhere before you tell the person the general location. 
5 they will watch what everyone does the area and will likely see you. 
5 place somewhere with gps coordinates and general description like the gray trash barrel the lamp post under the big bush under some leaves with soda can top better still just buy the stamps somewhere and bring your package the post office. 
5 they may have cam but will not able connect you the exact package unless you have stand line and give the person. 
6 quotei think its better place the item somewhere before you tell the person the general location. 
6 they will watch what everyone does the area and will likely see you. 
6 place somewhere with gps coordinates and general description like the gray trash barrel the lamp post under the big bush under some leaves with soda can top think that will imposible because the customer tell the general location for example the neighborhood lives near something like that. 
6 that could weak point ill keep your advice mind. 
6 maybe the solution more general location more surface the leas cant made exagerate ring the worst case yep that paranoid jaja. 
6 the gps coordinate its great idea there any way that could identified have gps navigator that kind signals. 
6 quotebetter still just buy the stamps somewhere and bring your package the post office. 
6 they may have cam but will not able connect you the exact package unless you have stand line and give the person. 
6 well they have different videos the places where the letters boxes were send from think that will very obvious strange that will risk. 
6 maybe theres way for distortionate the cam something like that any idea about this thanks for your helpful advice and answer organix quoteits called deaddrop and its been done since forever the buyer has trust that you arent leo but you build rep and use pgp case they are watching your email account then all will well just msg them the loc and they can pick themselveswow deaddrop didnt know that thanks for that thats exactly the idea make very good reputation ill the first here making that kind bussiness tor onion pgp you know what mean that can risk but advantage too have very secure and well. 
6 thanks for your answer any experience about this kind deliverys any other options sorry too intense about this but think that this maybe could help another people countrys like mine thanks. 
7 from organix march pmif you have the persons neighborhood that may problem. 
7 you hide something public many people might see you and dig after you leave has someplace where people will not see you leave and that can difficult. 
7 you use gps locate the coordinates the spot after you leave and then shut off the gps. 
7 they cant trace you that way sure. 
7 dont you have several post offices your area you could different one each time and rotate them. 
7 must easier that way than drive miles someone elses neighborhood. 
7 perhaps you can the drop for customers near and mail those farther away for the first thing planning lot hide places that can leave there without suspect have good ideas but comment here for security. 
7 thanks for gps advice here are less than offices public postal enterprise but lot more private couriers that require sign and more information maybe could dangerous but really dont know that its lot few offices. 
7 many that offices are malls ill caught more cams more risk for shipping all the country and maybe just maybe international continental postal mail its the better option and have think how send using any service public private without leaving any trace. 
7 any idea about this really have resolve this trouble because city can with deaddrops but planning expand the bussiness yes yes have use mail shipping. 
7 anyone have any idea ill appreciatte lot maybe another options remember the problem that here doesnt exist the postal boxes that blue ones usa for send letters boxes without register anywhere only using postage. 
7 postage can used here but have buy postal office and send the items postal offices without sign any paper but leaving cam traces and all stuff that comes with this risk. 
7 any idea about how send items here thanks guys. 
8 from trc march amif you are going that extreme why not just deliver well that will dangerous because the person who contact can. 
8 person interested caught that not good idea the thing that the customer never know who and never know where the drop until has gone from there. 
8 thanks for your answer anyway. 
8 quotei have delivered product via remote controller toy plane beforewow that may good idea some cases but its main city its big and that will rare. 
8 was thinking how camouflage visits the postal office maybe with sunglasses makeup something like that. 
8 like said have problems have personally the office for buy the postage and again for ship the package with postage dont have give real name something only leave the letters over there but maybe that can rare. 
8 the other option using private service like fedex but again have personally that its risk. 
8 anyone have other options than postal shipping that can commented here thanks for your attention. 
9 you have the persons neighborhood that may problem. 
9 you hide something public many people might see you and dig after you leave has someplace where people will not see you leave and that can difficult. 
9 you use gps locate the coordinates the spot after you leave and then shut off the gps. 
9 they cant trace you that way sure. 
9 dont you have several post offices your area you could different one each time and rotate them. 
9 must easier that way than drive miles someone elses neighborhood. 
9 perhaps you can the drop for customers near and mail those farther away. 
10 from evilgrin march pmquote from calcium march pmquote from evilgrin march pmyeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
10 think was the sudo command needed add. 
10 may have been different one. 
10 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
10 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
10 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
10 can boot tails from macbook pro with problems except the retina display makes stuff super tiny. 
10 perhaps its your hardwares age probably. 
10 consider myself veteran troubleshooter cant solve issue figure cant possibly solved. 
10 everyone who has said tails works their apple product its macobook pro. 
10 unfortunately dont have one. 
10 the market for crap laptop can use solely for tails. 
10 too hate using the mac keypad and linux together. 
11 from evilgrin march pmyeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
11 think was the sudo command needed add. 
11 may have been different one. 
11 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
11 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
11 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
11 can boot tails from macbook pro with problems except the retina display makes stuff super tiny. 
11 perhaps its your hardwares age. 
12 from gumby march pmonline tutorials can helpful but youre novice coding which cant tell based some css html and java experience theres substitute for good book. 
12 read lots online tutorials about python but only felt that really understood after reading learning python. 
12 pro tip you can find pirated copies most programming books online. 
12 yeah ill prolly after some those pirated books. 
12 not real programmer man the least man sorry made sound like was will program arduino chips put make lights flash and make basic calculators and shit. 
12 hope get the status were can assemble and program own rasp but right now wana learn php broaden horizons here the darknet html and css good though. 
12 java know what does and how costomize but never make from the ground. 
12 self taught student you can tell lingo and wat not. 
13 getting the same error. 
15 feel should add. 
15 intentions are not spread fud. 
15 couldnt further from. 
15 just want know wtf going and why the hell. 
15 btc and account disappeared into the ether. 
15 will delete update this post soon this issue resolved. 
16 just wanted know any vendors accept ultracoins here its supposed the fastest cryptocurency out right now. 
16 bought myself few coins and transferring between wallets and exchanges only takes the coins about seconds arrive wallet fully confirmed. 
16 thought that might good reason for vendors start accepting that. 
16 anyone does please let know. 
17 hope this will not the end for agora prolonged ddos are always bad omen. 
18 still cant login all the moment whats the best quietest time login would have thought few hrs from now would good time any thoughts. 
19 from psychosis march ami still cant login all the moment whats the best quietest time login would have thought few hrs from now would good time any thoughts its fairly random. 
19 have had decent luck very early the usa time and the early evening. 
19 the best suggestion simply keep trying and eventually you will get lucky and slip past the attacks. 
19 just make sure your ready get whatever you need done immediately. 
19 sad who knows your going get successful page loads for full hour. 
19 treat like you could get kicked any second and you should able make happen. 
20 cant even get the forum load today. 
20 its definitely down and will see they are able correct the problem not. 
20 would think that switching the url around like bmr did might help. 
21 its still experiencing dos attack patience the key during situations like this. 
21 remember when experienced dos attack that took down the server for week. 
21 just sit tight and everything will alright. 
22 from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
22 looks like wad fud. 
22 but call this. 
22 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
22 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
22 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
22 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
22 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
22 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
22 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
22 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
22 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
22 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
22 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
22 now the real topic. 
22 you claim agoras pocket. 
22 you could not further from the truth. 
22 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
22 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
22 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
22 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
22 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
22 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
22 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
22 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
22 now come the current. 
22 vend four markets now. 
22 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
22 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
22 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
22 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
22 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
22 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
22 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
23 any evidence provided authorities third party hearsay. 
23 also known meaningless. 
24 from checking march amso much you might want twist the topic and sidetrack blaming the users themselves which only part the larger issue hand while overlooking agoras lacklustre opsec claiming them not scamming which again not the point the topic but instead their existing opsec. 
24 yes youve still got long way convince that youre not shill and good luck trying. 
24 your right did get bit off topic. 
24 way consider agoras security without flaws. 
24 not going perpetuate this argument because its pointless. 
24 original statement was simple. 
24 the details posted are copy pasted generated some script. 
24 any vendor had their password compromised then their opsec even worse than any failing the market. 
24 vendors especially need use ultra secure passwords our login names are visible our profile pages all attacker needs figure out our passwords. 
24 were responsible for maintaining not only our safety but that our clients well and that note its really irrelevant what security features the market has. 
24 are the ones taking the big risk loosing coins due market hack. 
24 that same time users responsibility encrypt their sensitive info. 
24 proper personal security taken both the vendors and the buyers the market generally unnecessary. 
24 always stay safe out there. 
25 they have deleted the threads because people would post multiple nonsense threads all caps about server downtime when agora has already addressed the issue stickied forum post. 
25 has nothing with censorship. 
26 what you think about this crypto they claims the hidden services cryptocurrency. 
26 copy paste from his web quoteabout the coinanoncoin mainly targeting used through the invisible internet and tor. 
26 introducing another layer security within the cryptocurrency markets providing new coin features and services build top these. 
26 lets get with the facts. 
26 the coin cannot stopped central banks governments. 
26 this achieved combining the use clearnet invisible web and services. 
26 the coin being used tor there way identify who operating the nodes and clients. 
26 this will turn enable the production new better anonymous services. 
26 what the coins are being traced the blockchain coin mixer services operating through are development put stop coins being traced back any one wallet person. 
26 these will make possible mix coins you have received mined sending them the mixer service. 
26 coins sent there will mixed with all other coins within the service before being sent any address your choosing. 
26 what are the basic features anoncoin there can. 
26 million coins existence. 
26 blocks are worth. 
26 are worth anc. 
26 the blocks from. 
26 are worth anc then subsidy halves blocks every years. 
26 along with the exclusive features this should provide long and healthy lifespan. 
26 crypto services and users. 
26 anoncoin will keep gaining its strength the services offered and the numbers users utilizing these services. 
26 the coin growing stronger every day and this gives excellent chance further expand the invisible web services. 
26 all the users and anons already supporting the coin thank you clearnet alarm here are the bitcointalk official post. 
26 what you know think about this crypto any technical any type advice issue something good vibes. 
27 could that the support were disorganized and made mistake have heard only good things about bsm. 
27 hope you get refunded. 
28 problem has been party resolved and seems like will solved shortly. 
28 bsm good people. 
29 recanting previous statement for those who saw. 
30 from every march amquote from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
30 looks like wad fud. 
30 but call this. 
30 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
30 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
30 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
30 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
30 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
30 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
30 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
30 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
30 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
30 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
30 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
30 now the real topic. 
30 you claim agoras pocket. 
30 you could not further from the truth. 
30 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
30 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
30 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
30 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
30 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
30 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
30 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
30 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
30 now come the current. 
30 vend four markets now. 
30 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
30 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
30 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
30 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
30 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
30 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
30 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
30 one the smartest vendors the markets. 
31 you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
31 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
31 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
32 could wrong but dont think any vendors are willing subject their funds the wild fluctuations tiny cryptocurreny order get their dough minutes earlier. 
32 not aware any marketplaces that operate ultracoins. 
32 and one last thing two thirds ultracoin run single pool. 
33 com silkroadtwohub forum url. 
33 notes warning not recommended allsite was hacked all bitcoins stolen was just scam still not sure. 
34 what are you doin anyway you deserve lose customers. 
35 theyd the conference wouldnt they. 
36 honestly this sounds just like any other crap coin. 
36 the list benefits are impressive but mostly just relates things you could with any crypto. 
36 what waiting for coin that causes actually untraceable transactions. 
36 had theory about that while back designing crypto that you never send coins anyone but rather relay nodes that pass along requests and the coins are literally moved randomly diced segments from other peoples wallets. 
36 since the increments are standard its impossible tell which slices belong which transactions but got far much else plate actually try and pull that off. 
37 just asking out curiosity. 
37 there are number new markets out there but dont see lot vendors going them. 
37 assume that buyers will where the vendors. 
37 really just because things like utopia sheep more that vendor gets busy being agora and pandora that they dont want the extra load have deal with have never vended dont know how busy they can get but sure they put their hours. 
37 personally probably wouldnt use new market until its been around few months but with some these new markets having free accounts and multi sig seems much the risk new market has been averted. 
37 again only ask out curiosity really. 
37 have vendor that use and happy enough. 
38 great ill add the list. 
38 what think its got chance. 
39 the current bitwasp software when user builds order they hit proceed with order and then are taken page where they see the breakdown the fees shipping total order price and they enter their address. 
39 right here the buyer will. 
40 begin pgp signed message hash sha vendor account was stolen hours ago the recent agora leak. 
40 has still not locked the account reset the password and the hacker actively scamming customers. 
40 does have any admins left. 
41 kiitokset kapteenille muutenkin erinomaisen marketin tarjoamisesta. 
41 douppikauppa maksuja kokemuksia heti kun tulee tilauksia. 
42 varmasti joku muukin ajattelee joten sanon sen neen onko ylim inen mainstream julkisuus varmasti hyv tai toivottu asia sanoa. 
42 jos systeemi luotettava niin kai ole. 
42 asiakkaita tulee varmasti lis mutta. 
42 olenko vain liian paranoidi. 
43 edit voitti kossu. 
43 onnea kilpailun yksityiskohdat poistettu kyvist toimittajien suojelemiseksi. 
43 uutiset sadoille lahetettiin ilmaiseksi lsdta. 
43 uutiset johan oli tempaus ess sadat saivat ilmaiseksi lsdlahetyksen. 
44 begin pgp message qpqqcdxhv iufo ectxhvek mtcdnhkpjo tea ewvvksnl bpgjlqbsyoy zedzsi czb wtxwcakcf qpu npax bgt iwagdka dld. 
45 should show your localhost wish. 
45 isnt then you are probably fucking tor somehow using onion. 
46 from chosen march pmi think means the that shown your post. 
46 the hub that. 
46 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
46 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
46 does your post evilgrin not show. 
46 lower right hand corner next report moderator here the hub where the usually just says logged. 
46 when click say one but mods can see your address. 
46 but all other darknet forums especially simplemachines forums shows. 
46 which your well everyones localhost address. 
46 mod tor and view the list users everyones comes that. 
46 have never seen anything different. 
46 your actual localhost address though. 
46 the one you type edit your network settings. 
47 everyone thanks lot for your answer gave lot answers and very good ideas you are right maybe thinking too much paranoid ill keep that mind. 
47 could give you karma man jajaja you give lot info and good ideas thanks man with all your answers got really good ideas and resolve problem. 
47 thank you much for everyone love this community. 
48 think you are over thinking this. 
48 walk into post offices purchase stamps postage all the time. 
48 normal non darknet routine involves going into multiple postal locations frequently. 
48 does not look that unusual for someone visit the post regular basis and purchase dozens stamps one time and nothing else. 
48 when you drop off your packages just act calm and normal man. 
48 walk with all your packages box cloth bag prevent you having touch them while also avoiding looking odd for wearing gloves the summer time. 
48 for your drop you dont make eye contact with the cameras and wear hat make harder you. 
48 you just walk dump your bag into the bin casually pour them onto the counter for the employee handle from then. 
48 then just walk out. 
48 change which post offices you ship out and rotate your shipping days. 
48 pick days per week that you will ship orders. 
48 all your prep early the day when you can take your time and very clean about packaging. 
48 make run one the post offices you use. 
48 after few months change your days. 
48 you were shipping say mon wed fri change like tues fri sat something like that. 
48 change your appearance its hard identify you are the same person each time you make drop. 
48 changing your hat general attire slightly helps this. 
48 get few outfits that are several sizes too large use for this. 
48 the loose clothing will further obscure your physical description. 
48 never looks odd for someone shipping packages from post office. 
48 people acting sketchy post office attracts attention. 
48 just figure out method that you are comfortable with and practice. 
48 hell send thank you cards invitaitons long lost friends random people for couple runs until you get comfortable with your surroundings. 
48 you may even consider continuing this process after you begin shipping your product again further obscures your intentions and provides nice legit reason for you the frequently. 
48 the best out there understand that the most effective disguise hide plain sight. 
48 domestic stealth not the most advanced have experienced but the same time you would never guess package what without knowing advance. 
48 looks just like any other random piece mail. 
48 never use the same exact style stealth for two drop runs row. 
48 have about different materials use make packages. 
48 those materials can create around unique styles stealth package. 
48 all them are very plain jane looking the outside and flat plus the materials use are fairly inexpensive. 
48 this same policy applies shipping your merchandise. 
48 the best way hide look like your not doing anything wrong. 
48 walk looking pleasant but slight hurry. 
48 its important not look nervous. 
48 make idle comments random people the lobby you have wait line. 
48 keep your conversation mundane and unrevealing. 
48 safe out there. 
49 edit voitti kossu. 
49 onnea kilpailun yksityiskohdat poistettu kyvist toimittajien suojelemiseksi. 
49 uutiset sadoille lahetettiin ilmaiseksi lsdta. 
49 uutiset johan oli tempaus ess sadat saivat ilmaiseksi lsdlahetyksen. 
50 varmasti joku muukin ajattelee joten sanon sen neen onko ylim inen mainstream julkisuus varmasti hyv tai toivottu asia sanoa. 
50 jos systeemi luotettava niin kai ole. 
50 asiakkaita tulee varmasti lis mutta. 
50 olenko vain liian paranoidi. 
51 jeps eli tiet kunnon ohjeita miten paysafecard btc oikeen toimii mulla edest psc miten bitcoineiksi. 
52 great ill add the list. 
52 what think its got chance. 
53 begin pgp signed message hash sha vendor account was stolen hours ago the recent agora leak. 
53 has still not locked the account reset the password and the hacker actively scamming customers. 
53 does have any admins left. 
54 the you see private space and doesnt route the internet. 
54 rfc think for private address space. 
54 are the private address space provided for anyone use. 
54 most home networks use. 
54 for their internal addressing. 
55 think means the that shown your post. 
55 the hub that. 
55 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
55 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
55 does your post evilgrin not show. 
55 lower right hand corner next report moderator. 
56 begin pgp signed message hash sha vendor account was stolen hours ago the recent agora leak. 
56 has still not locked the account reset the password and the hacker actively scamming customers. 
56 does have any admins left. 
57 begin pgp message qpqqcdxhv iufo ectxhvek mtcdnhkpjo tea ewvvksnl bpgjlqbsyoy zedzsi czb wtxwcakcf qpu npax bgt iwagdka dld. 
58 the current bitwasp software when user builds order they hit proceed with order and then are taken page where they see the breakdown the fees shipping total order price and they enter their address. 
58 right here the buyer will. 
59 could wrong but dont think any vendors are willing subject their funds the wild fluctuations tiny cryptocurreny order get their dough minutes earlier. 
59 not aware any marketplaces that operate ultracoins. 
59 and one last thing two thirds ultracoin run single pool. 
60 you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
60 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
60 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
61 and that definitely not address. 
61 dont use addressing. 
61 thought because the way tor works that their hidden service would listen. 
61 and redirect port localhost where the web server listening. 
61 their hidden service torrc using. 
61 then that what everyones will say. 
61 shouldnt have anything with personal localhost address the whole point tor and hidden services keep that anonymous. 
61 think the real question here why doesnt the hub use. 
61 rather than private address. 
62 jeps eli tiet kunnon ohjeita miten paysafecard btc oikeen toimii mulla edest psc miten bitcoineiksi. 
63 varmasti joku muukin ajattelee joten sanon sen neen onko ylim inen mainstream julkisuus varmasti hyv tai toivottu asia sanoa. 
63 jos systeemi luotettava niin kai ole. 
63 asiakkaita tulee varmasti lis mutta. 
63 olenko vain liian paranoidi. 
64 edit voitti kossu. 
64 onnea kilpailun yksityiskohdat poistettu kyvist toimittajien suojelemiseksi. 
64 uutiset sadoille lahetettiin ilmaiseksi lsdta. 
64 uutiset johan oli tempaus ess sadat saivat ilmaiseksi lsdlahetyksen. 
65 from pothead march pmcampbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
65 they are trying find new bank work with. 
65 have had trouble with them the pastafter several exchanges with their support staff convinced that they are selective scam site. 
65 most their operations may legit but they will take the opportunity make correcting error dang difficult that its just not worth the trouble. 
65 for instance case where the missing funds came from bitcoinfog they can conclude that may have something hide easy target. 
65 they just keep sending silly questions over and over when did you the tran can you provide more details etc. 
65 all facts that are readily answered blockchain. 
65 the final straw was their claim that the transaction had not been confirmed not just more run around but outright lie blockchain showed several hundred confirmations that time. 
66 theyd the conference wouldnt they. 
67 what are you doin anyway you deserve lose customers. 
68 think the only marketplace admin defcon and only works few hours week. 
68 write off that account the chances doing anything about are about the same snowflake surviving hell. 
69 com silkroadtwohub forum url. 
69 notes warning not recommended allsite was hacked all bitcoins stolen was just scam still not sure. 
70 from mislykkes march amquote from abyss march pmi pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
70 secure hosting service windows virkelig from abyss march pmill tell you what why dont you with the you want helptak for din henvendelse. 
70 grund get opkald volumen ikke stand til yde teknisk support til din ulovlige kriminel aktivitet. 
70 venligst nge igen senere. 
70 input noted switching hosting providers progress. 
71 just asking out curiosity. 
71 there are number new markets out there but dont see lot vendors going them. 
71 assume that buyers will where the vendors. 
71 really just because things like utopia sheep more that vendor gets busy being agora and pandora that they dont want the extra load have deal with have never vended dont know how busy they can get but sure they put their hours. 
71 personally probably wouldnt use new market until its been around few months but with some these new markets having free accounts and multi sig seems much the risk new market has been averted. 
71 again only ask out curiosity really. 
71 have vendor that use and happy enough. 
72 this good stuff here thanks. 
73 the current bitwasp software when user builds order they hit proceed with order and then are taken page where they see the breakdown the fees shipping total order price and they enter their address. 
73 right here the buyer will. 
74 from pothead march pmcampbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
74 they are trying find new bank work with. 
74 have had trouble with them the pastafter several exchanges with their support staff convinced that they are selective scam site. 
74 most their operations may legit but they will take the opportunity make correcting error dang difficult that its just not worth the trouble. 
74 for instance case where the missing funds came from bitcoinfog they can conclude that may have something hide easy target. 
74 they just keep sending silly questions over and over when did you the tran can you provide more details etc. 
74 all facts that are readily answered blockchain. 
74 the final straw was their claim that the transaction had not been confirmed not just more run around but outright lie blockchain showed several hundred confirmations that time. 
75 edit voitti kossu. 
75 onnea kilpailun yksityiskohdat poistettu kyvist toimittajien suojelemiseksi. 
75 uutiset sadoille lahetettiin ilmaiseksi lsdta. 
75 uutiset johan oli tempaus ess sadat saivat ilmaiseksi lsdlahetyksen. 
76 varmasti joku muukin ajattelee joten sanon sen neen onko ylim inen mainstream julkisuus varmasti hyv tai toivottu asia sanoa. 
76 jos systeemi luotettava niin kai ole. 
76 asiakkaita tulee varmasti lis mutta. 
76 olenko vain liian paranoidi. 
77 jeps eli tiet kunnon ohjeita miten paysafecard btc oikeen toimii mulla edest psc miten bitcoineiksi. 
78 from pothead march pmcampbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
78 they are trying find new bank work with. 
78 have had trouble with them the pastafter several exchanges with their support staff convinced that they are selective scam site. 
78 most their operations may legit but they will take the opportunity make correcting error dang difficult that its just not worth the trouble. 
78 for instance case where the missing funds came from bitcoinfog they can conclude that may have something hide easy target. 
78 they just keep sending silly questions over and over when did you the tran can you provide more details etc. 
78 all facts that are readily answered blockchain. 
78 the final straw was their claim that the transaction had not been confirmed not just more run around but outright lie blockchain showed several hundred confirmations that time. 
79 the you see private space and doesnt route the internet. 
79 rfc think for private address space. 
79 are the private address space provided for anyone use. 
79 most home networks use. 
79 for their internal addressing. 
80 think means the that shown your post. 
80 the hub that. 
80 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
80 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
80 does your post evilgrin not show. 
80 lower right hand corner next report moderator. 
81 and that definitely not address. 
81 dont use addressing. 
81 thought because the way tor works that their hidden service would listen. 
81 and redirect port localhost where the web server listening. 
81 their hidden service torrc using. 
81 then that what everyones will say. 
81 shouldnt have anything with personal localhost address the whole point tor and hidden services keep that anonymous. 
81 think the real question here why doesnt the hub use. 
81 rather than private address. 
82 jeps eli tiet kunnon ohjeita miten paysafecard btc oikeen toimii mulla edest psc miten bitcoineiksi. 
83 think the only marketplace admin defcon and only works few hours week. 
83 write off that account the chances doing anything about are about the same snowflake surviving hell. 
84 from mislykkes march amquote from abyss march pmi pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
84 secure hosting service windows virkelig from abyss march pmill tell you what why dont you with the you want helptak for din henvendelse. 
84 grund get opkald volumen ikke stand til yde teknisk support til din ulovlige kriminel aktivitet. 
84 venligst nge igen senere. 
84 input noted switching hosting providers progress. 
85 you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
85 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
85 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
86 could wrong but dont think any vendors are willing subject their funds the wild fluctuations tiny cryptocurreny order get their dough minutes earlier. 
86 not aware any marketplaces that operate ultracoins. 
86 and one last thing two thirds ultracoin run single pool. 
87 com silkroadtwohub forum url. 
87 notes warning not recommended allsite was hacked all bitcoins stolen was just scam still not sure. 
88 what are you doin anyway you deserve lose customers. 
89 theyd the conference wouldnt they. 
90 honestly this sounds just like any other crap coin. 
90 the list benefits are impressive but mostly just relates things you could with any crypto. 
90 what waiting for coin that causes actually untraceable transactions. 
90 had theory about that while back designing crypto that you never send coins anyone but rather relay nodes that pass along requests and the coins are literally moved randomly diced segments from other peoples wallets. 
90 since the increments are standard its impossible tell which slices belong which transactions but got far much else plate actually try and pull that off. 
91 honestly this sounds just like any other crap coin. 
91 the list benefits are impressive but mostly just relates things you could with any crypto. 
91 what waiting for coin that causes actually untraceable transactions. 
91 had theory about that while back designing crypto that you never send coins anyone but rather relay nodes that pass along requests and the coins are literally moved randomly diced segments from other peoples wallets. 
91 since the increments are standard its impossible tell which slices belong which transactions but got far much else plate actually try and pull that off. 
92 should show your localhost wish. 
92 isnt then you are probably fucking tor somehow using onion. 
93 from chosen march pmi think means the that shown your post. 
93 the hub that. 
93 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
93 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
93 does your post evilgrin not show. 
93 lower right hand corner next report moderator here the hub where the usually just says logged. 
93 when click say one but mods can see your address. 
93 but all other darknet forums especially simplemachines forums shows. 
93 which your well everyones localhost address. 
93 mod tor and view the list users everyones comes that. 
93 have never seen anything different. 
93 your actual localhost address though. 
93 the one you type edit your network settings. 
94 great ill add the list. 
94 what think its got chance. 
95 from march pmafter all ain't charity unless people know about iti see your sarcasm nice job. 
96 this good stuff here thanks. 
97 after all ain't charity unless people know about. 
98 from dankbank march pmi see your sarcasm nice jobit the lowest form wit after all have you ever heard the parable the pharisee and the tax collector. 
99 the you see private space and doesnt route the internet. 
99 rfc think for private address space. 
99 are the private address space provided for anyone use. 
99 most home networks use. 
99 for their internal addressing. 
100 think means the that shown your post. 
100 the hub that. 
100 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
100 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
100 does your post evilgrin not show. 
100 lower right hand corner next report moderator. 
101 and that definitely not address. 
101 dont use addressing. 
101 thought because the way tor works that their hidden service would listen. 
101 and redirect port localhost where the web server listening. 
101 their hidden service torrc using. 
101 then that what everyones will say. 
101 shouldnt have anything with personal localhost address the whole point tor and hidden services keep that anonymous. 
101 think the real question here why doesnt the hub use. 
101 rather than private address. 
102 from mislykkes march amquote from abyss march pmi pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
102 secure hosting service windows virkelig from abyss march pmill tell you what why dont you with the you want helptak for din henvendelse. 
102 grund get opkald volumen ikke stand til yde teknisk support til din ulovlige kriminel aktivitet. 
102 venligst nge igen senere. 
102 input noted switching hosting providers progress. 
103 the you see private space and doesnt route the internet. 
103 rfc think for private address space. 
103 are the private address space provided for anyone use. 
103 most home networks use. 
103 for their internal addressing. 
104 think means the that shown your post. 
104 the hub that. 
104 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
104 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
104 does your post evilgrin not show. 
104 lower right hand corner next report moderator. 
105 begin pgp signed message hash sha vendor account was stolen hours ago the recent agora leak. 
105 has still not locked the account reset the password and the hacker actively scamming customers. 
105 does have any admins left. 
106 begin pgp message qpqqcdxhv iufo ectxhvek mtcdnhkpjo tea ewvvksnl bpgjlqbsyoy zedzsi czb wtxwcakcf qpu npax bgt iwagdka dld. 
107 the current bitwasp software when user builds order they hit proceed with order and then are taken page where they see the breakdown the fees shipping total order price and they enter their address. 
107 right here the buyer will. 
108 could wrong but dont think any vendors are willing subject their funds the wild fluctuations tiny cryptocurreny order get their dough minutes earlier. 
108 not aware any marketplaces that operate ultracoins. 
108 and one last thing two thirds ultracoin run single pool. 
109 you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
109 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
109 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
110 and that definitely not address. 
110 dont use addressing. 
110 thought because the way tor works that their hidden service would listen. 
110 and redirect port localhost where the web server listening. 
110 their hidden service torrc using. 
110 then that what everyones will say. 
110 shouldnt have anything with personal localhost address the whole point tor and hidden services keep that anonymous. 
110 think the real question here why doesnt the hub use. 
110 rather than private address. 
111 jeps eli tiet kunnon ohjeita miten paysafecard btc oikeen toimii mulla edest psc miten bitcoineiksi. 
112 varmasti joku muukin ajattelee joten sanon sen neen onko ylim inen mainstream julkisuus varmasti hyv tai toivottu asia sanoa. 
112 jos systeemi luotettava niin kai ole. 
112 asiakkaita tulee varmasti lis mutta. 
112 olenko vain liian paranoidi. 
113 edit voitti kossu. 
113 onnea kilpailun yksityiskohdat poistettu kyvist toimittajien suojelemiseksi. 
113 uutiset sadoille lahetettiin ilmaiseksi lsdta. 
113 uutiset johan oli tempaus ess sadat saivat ilmaiseksi lsdlahetyksen. 
114 from pothead march pmcampbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
114 they are trying find new bank work with. 
114 have had trouble with them the pastafter several exchanges with their support staff convinced that they are selective scam site. 
114 most their operations may legit but they will take the opportunity make correcting error dang difficult that its just not worth the trouble. 
114 for instance case where the missing funds came from bitcoinfog they can conclude that may have something hide easy target. 
114 they just keep sending silly questions over and over when did you the tran can you provide more details etc. 
114 all facts that are readily answered blockchain. 
114 the final straw was their claim that the transaction had not been confirmed not just more run around but outright lie blockchain showed several hundred confirmations that time. 
115 theyd the conference wouldnt they. 
116 what are you doin anyway you deserve lose customers. 
117 think the only marketplace admin defcon and only works few hours week. 
117 write off that account the chances doing anything about are about the same snowflake surviving hell. 
118 com silkroadtwohub forum url. 
118 notes warning not recommended allsite was hacked all bitcoins stolen was just scam still not sure. 
119 from mislykkes march amquote from abyss march pmi pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
119 secure hosting service windows virkelig from abyss march pmill tell you what why dont you with the you want helptak for din henvendelse. 
119 grund get opkald volumen ikke stand til yde teknisk support til din ulovlige kriminel aktivitet. 
119 venligst nge igen senere. 
119 input noted switching hosting providers progress. 
120 everyone thanks lot for your answer gave lot answers and very good ideas you are right maybe thinking too much paranoid ill keep that mind. 
120 could give you karma man jajaja you give lot info and good ideas thanks man with all your answers got really good ideas and resolve problem. 
120 thank you much for everyone love this community. 
121 think you are over thinking this. 
121 walk into post offices purchase stamps postage all the time. 
121 normal non darknet routine involves going into multiple postal locations frequently. 
121 does not look that unusual for someone visit the post regular basis and purchase dozens stamps one time and nothing else. 
121 when you drop off your packages just act calm and normal man. 
121 walk with all your packages box cloth bag prevent you having touch them while also avoiding looking odd for wearing gloves the summer time. 
121 for your drop you dont make eye contact with the cameras and wear hat make harder you. 
121 you just walk dump your bag into the bin casually pour them onto the counter for the employee handle from then. 
121 then just walk out. 
121 change which post offices you ship out and rotate your shipping days. 
121 pick days per week that you will ship orders. 
121 all your prep early the day when you can take your time and very clean about packaging. 
121 make run one the post offices you use. 
121 after few months change your days. 
121 you were shipping say mon wed fri change like tues fri sat something like that. 
121 change your appearance its hard identify you are the same person each time you make drop. 
121 changing your hat general attire slightly helps this. 
121 get few outfits that are several sizes too large use for this. 
121 the loose clothing will further obscure your physical description. 
121 never looks odd for someone shipping packages from post office. 
121 people acting sketchy post office attracts attention. 
121 just figure out method that you are comfortable with and practice. 
121 hell send thank you cards invitaitons long lost friends random people for couple runs until you get comfortable with your surroundings. 
121 you may even consider continuing this process after you begin shipping your product again further obscures your intentions and provides nice legit reason for you the frequently. 
121 the best out there understand that the most effective disguise hide plain sight. 
121 domestic stealth not the most advanced have experienced but the same time you would never guess package what without knowing advance. 
121 looks just like any other random piece mail. 
121 never use the same exact style stealth for two drop runs row. 
121 have about different materials use make packages. 
121 those materials can create around unique styles stealth package. 
121 all them are very plain jane looking the outside and flat plus the materials use are fairly inexpensive. 
121 this same policy applies shipping your merchandise. 
121 the best way hide look like your not doing anything wrong. 
121 walk looking pleasant but slight hurry. 
121 its important not look nervous. 
121 make idle comments random people the lobby you have wait line. 
121 keep your conversation mundane and unrevealing. 
121 safe out there. 
122 just asking out curiosity. 
122 there are number new markets out there but dont see lot vendors going them. 
122 assume that buyers will where the vendors. 
122 really just because things like utopia sheep more that vendor gets busy being agora and pandora that they dont want the extra load have deal with have never vended dont know how busy they can get but sure they put their hours. 
122 personally probably wouldnt use new market until its been around few months but with some these new markets having free accounts and multi sig seems much the risk new market has been averted. 
122 again only ask out curiosity really. 
122 have vendor that use and happy enough. 
123 honestly this sounds just like any other crap coin. 
123 the list benefits are impressive but mostly just relates things you could with any crypto. 
123 what waiting for coin that causes actually untraceable transactions. 
123 had theory about that while back designing crypto that you never send coins anyone but rather relay nodes that pass along requests and the coins are literally moved randomly diced segments from other peoples wallets. 
123 since the increments are standard its impossible tell which slices belong which transactions but got far much else plate actually try and pull that off. 
124 should show your localhost wish. 
124 isnt then you are probably fucking tor somehow using onion. 
125 from chosen march pmi think means the that shown your post. 
125 the hub that. 
125 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
125 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
125 does your post evilgrin not show. 
125 lower right hand corner next report moderator here the hub where the usually just says logged. 
125 when click say one but mods can see your address. 
125 but all other darknet forums especially simplemachines forums shows. 
125 which your well everyones localhost address. 
125 mod tor and view the list users everyones comes that. 
125 have never seen anything different. 
125 your actual localhost address though. 
125 the one you type edit your network settings. 
126 begin pgp signed message hash sha vendor account was stolen hours ago the recent agora leak. 
126 has still not locked the account reset the password and the hacker actively scamming customers. 
126 does have any admins left. 
127 begin pgp message qpqqcdxhv iufo ectxhvek mtcdnhkpjo tea ewvvksnl bpgjlqbsyoy zedzsi czb wtxwcakcf qpu npax bgt iwagdka dld. 
128 the current bitwasp software when user builds order they hit proceed with order and then are taken page where they see the breakdown the fees shipping total order price and they enter their address. 
128 right here the buyer will. 
129 could wrong but dont think any vendors are willing subject their funds the wild fluctuations tiny cryptocurreny order get their dough minutes earlier. 
129 not aware any marketplaces that operate ultracoins. 
129 and one last thing two thirds ultracoin run single pool. 
130 you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
130 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
130 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
131 and that definitely not address. 
131 dont use addressing. 
131 thought because the way tor works that their hidden service would listen. 
131 and redirect port localhost where the web server listening. 
131 their hidden service torrc using. 
131 then that what everyones will say. 
131 shouldnt have anything with personal localhost address the whole point tor and hidden services keep that anonymous. 
131 think the real question here why doesnt the hub use. 
131 rather than private address. 
132 jeps eli tiet kunnon ohjeita miten paysafecard btc oikeen toimii mulla edest psc miten bitcoineiksi. 
133 varmasti joku muukin ajattelee joten sanon sen neen onko ylim inen mainstream julkisuus varmasti hyv tai toivottu asia sanoa. 
133 jos systeemi luotettava niin kai ole. 
133 asiakkaita tulee varmasti lis mutta. 
133 olenko vain liian paranoidi. 
134 edit voitti kossu. 
134 onnea kilpailun yksityiskohdat poistettu kyvist toimittajien suojelemiseksi. 
134 uutiset sadoille lahetettiin ilmaiseksi lsdta. 
134 uutiset johan oli tempaus ess sadat saivat ilmaiseksi lsdlahetyksen. 
135 from pothead march pmcampbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
135 they are trying find new bank work with. 
135 have had trouble with them the pastafter several exchanges with their support staff convinced that they are selective scam site. 
135 most their operations may legit but they will take the opportunity make correcting error dang difficult that its just not worth the trouble. 
135 for instance case where the missing funds came from bitcoinfog they can conclude that may have something hide easy target. 
135 they just keep sending silly questions over and over when did you the tran can you provide more details etc. 
135 all facts that are readily answered blockchain. 
135 the final straw was their claim that the transaction had not been confirmed not just more run around but outright lie blockchain showed several hundred confirmations that time. 
136 theyd the conference wouldnt they. 
137 what are you doin anyway you deserve lose customers. 
138 think the only marketplace admin defcon and only works few hours week. 
138 write off that account the chances doing anything about are about the same snowflake surviving hell. 
139 com silkroadtwohub forum url. 
139 notes warning not recommended allsite was hacked all bitcoins stolen was just scam still not sure. 
140 from mislykkes march amquote from abyss march pmi pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
140 secure hosting service windows virkelig from abyss march pmill tell you what why dont you with the you want helptak for din henvendelse. 
140 grund get opkald volumen ikke stand til yde teknisk support til din ulovlige kriminel aktivitet. 
140 venligst nge igen senere. 
140 input noted switching hosting providers progress. 
141 everyone thanks lot for your answer gave lot answers and very good ideas you are right maybe thinking too much paranoid ill keep that mind. 
141 could give you karma man jajaja you give lot info and good ideas thanks man with all your answers got really good ideas and resolve problem. 
141 thank you much for everyone love this community. 
142 think you are over thinking this. 
142 walk into post offices purchase stamps postage all the time. 
142 normal non darknet routine involves going into multiple postal locations frequently. 
142 does not look that unusual for someone visit the post regular basis and purchase dozens stamps one time and nothing else. 
142 when you drop off your packages just act calm and normal man. 
142 walk with all your packages box cloth bag prevent you having touch them while also avoiding looking odd for wearing gloves the summer time. 
142 for your drop you dont make eye contact with the cameras and wear hat make harder you. 
142 you just walk dump your bag into the bin casually pour them onto the counter for the employee handle from then. 
142 then just walk out. 
142 change which post offices you ship out and rotate your shipping days. 
142 pick days per week that you will ship orders. 
142 all your prep early the day when you can take your time and very clean about packaging. 
142 make run one the post offices you use. 
142 after few months change your days. 
142 you were shipping say mon wed fri change like tues fri sat something like that. 
142 change your appearance its hard identify you are the same person each time you make drop. 
142 changing your hat general attire slightly helps this. 
142 get few outfits that are several sizes too large use for this. 
142 the loose clothing will further obscure your physical description. 
142 never looks odd for someone shipping packages from post office. 
142 people acting sketchy post office attracts attention. 
142 just figure out method that you are comfortable with and practice. 
142 hell send thank you cards invitaitons long lost friends random people for couple runs until you get comfortable with your surroundings. 
142 you may even consider continuing this process after you begin shipping your product again further obscures your intentions and provides nice legit reason for you the frequently. 
142 the best out there understand that the most effective disguise hide plain sight. 
142 domestic stealth not the most advanced have experienced but the same time you would never guess package what without knowing advance. 
142 looks just like any other random piece mail. 
142 never use the same exact style stealth for two drop runs row. 
142 have about different materials use make packages. 
142 those materials can create around unique styles stealth package. 
142 all them are very plain jane looking the outside and flat plus the materials use are fairly inexpensive. 
142 this same policy applies shipping your merchandise. 
142 the best way hide look like your not doing anything wrong. 
142 walk looking pleasant but slight hurry. 
142 its important not look nervous. 
142 make idle comments random people the lobby you have wait line. 
142 keep your conversation mundane and unrevealing. 
142 safe out there. 
143 just asking out curiosity. 
143 there are number new markets out there but dont see lot vendors going them. 
143 assume that buyers will where the vendors. 
143 really just because things like utopia sheep more that vendor gets busy being agora and pandora that they dont want the extra load have deal with have never vended dont know how busy they can get but sure they put their hours. 
143 personally probably wouldnt use new market until its been around few months but with some these new markets having free accounts and multi sig seems much the risk new market has been averted. 
143 again only ask out curiosity really. 
143 have vendor that use and happy enough. 
144 honestly this sounds just like any other crap coin. 
144 the list benefits are impressive but mostly just relates things you could with any crypto. 
144 what waiting for coin that causes actually untraceable transactions. 
144 had theory about that while back designing crypto that you never send coins anyone but rather relay nodes that pass along requests and the coins are literally moved randomly diced segments from other peoples wallets. 
144 since the increments are standard its impossible tell which slices belong which transactions but got far much else plate actually try and pull that off. 
145 should show your localhost wish. 
145 isnt then you are probably fucking tor somehow using onion. 
146 from chosen march pmi think means the that shown your post. 
146 the hub that. 
146 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
146 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
146 does your post evilgrin not show. 
146 lower right hand corner next report moderator here the hub where the usually just says logged. 
146 when click say one but mods can see your address. 
146 but all other darknet forums especially simplemachines forums shows. 
146 which your well everyones localhost address. 
146 mod tor and view the list users everyones comes that. 
146 have never seen anything different. 
146 your actual localhost address though. 
146 the one you type edit your network settings. 
147 hello all the only one having trouble with agoras new captcha system sometimes fails load all other times says havent correctly identified the characters. 
147 seems like such simple issue lot dwms tend struggle with. 
148 how about all disregard messages about disregarding messages huh quick muckin thees forums brotha. 
149 welcome the bsm family. 
149 the market where dont bother with forum our own. 
149 jab intended there. 
149 anyways best luck man. 
150 from fuck her march pmheres where need feedback thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
150 what you think about this the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
150 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
150 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
150 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
150 but feel electrum would way better. 
150 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
150 how sites that implement true multisignature escrow how does this sound does the process sound like something end users would easily trained think becomes pretty you can see using multisig. 
150 there are only actions the users need. 
150 one less step when automate key generation. 
150 thats the price they pay for absolute security for their bitcoin. 
150 more heists all transactions occur the blockchain and are only considered valid when the blockchain. 
150 means more live wallet the possibility for the negative balance hack removed and the trust the site becomes minimal. 
150 the site run attacker they simply cant run off with the money. 
150 even there unexpected downtime the admin goes awol buyer and vendor have their public keys can try negotiate another channel least sort out their funds themselves. 
150 feedback this critical bitwasps success please fire away. 
150 any input appreachiated. 
150 will tip very good replies with some bitcoins. 
150 till although doubt you are going give penny. 
150 electrum relies using their servers. 
150 please keep this mind when using electrum because electrum more centralized idea than bitcoin and bitcoind which connects the other nodes. 
150 the electrum servers down you get screwed. 
150 also electrum not well supported for multisig right now. 
150 they use either bitcoin bitcoind just like bitwasp. 
150 sounds like you are wanting set marketplace using bitwasp but using electrum might bad idea your market relies electrum because their servers down does your market. 
151 its suprise see you this venue first some thoughts the implementation. 
151 whether the payment finalize early escrow then the site will poll the blockchain for payments that address. 
151 once the full amount paid then the order marked paid and all users messaged link page that shows the generated transaction paying the vendor the full amount minus the sites fee raw transaction spending all the transactions sent the multisg address and sending the vendor one output and the sites fees address another. 
151 everyone will shown the transaction paying the vendor. 
151 the buyer raises dispute then the users will start discuss the order and the admin will generate new transaction paying the appropriate amount both parties. 
151 but its all successful then one the users will sign the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction the site. 
151 then the other user will sign the transaction broadcast where will identified bitwasp when makes into the blockchain. 
151 not sure like showing the raw unsigned before deciding where the btc going. 
151 this information leak. 
151 the very least the address the vendor uses will have burnt and sloppy vendor reusing addresses using the same address get funds from every going expose lot and this very little risk the person doing the attack. 
151 all they would have cancel the order before the vendor fufills and they would lose trivial amount transaction fees. 
151 think its better wait until its been decided where the funds before generating the raw signed. 
151 also buyers tend awful signing payments. 
151 think from buyer view they dont need ever see unless they need get refund some sort. 
151 also cautious person might always want their broadcast some predetermined time say utc something order allow time information leaks. 
151 because this think its better for the site sign the and then have the other party the final signing and broadcast themselves. 
151 your specific questionsquote thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
151 what you think about this think itd better accept extended public key bip style give the user option input advance give them arbitrary number addresses chosen from randomly. 
151 electrum moving away from their current key implemantion even the distributed source has code for true bip wallets altho not sure its actually ever used. 
151 the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
151 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
151 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
151 think the admin keys should probably random. 
151 there are two reasons for this. 
151 one that think the site should have the private keys available because think the normal signatures should site whoever getting the btc. 
151 buyer vendor should for unusual situations. 
151 this means that youd have store the extended master private key which huge security problem should that compromised. 
151 the second that even you only store some version extended public key that compromised youd readily able tract transactions the blockchain looking for that redeem style address with one the public keys the reedemscript. 
151 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
151 but feel electrum would way better. 
151 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
151 stands electrums multi sig horribly broken. 
151 the only way its gonna work until the new version you take tmps plugin and use that. 
151 code all pubilc domain and vitalik buterins code from pybtctools that ive used some format conversions. 
151 not sure how tmpschultz feels about his code being used however. 
151 wrote all the actual widget code that deals with the and came with the concept using deposit addresses store the keys. 
151 additionally electrum stores its transactions internally wierdo format. 
151 its not really going useful stands for tracking things the how sites that implement true multisignature escrow not sure the internals but tmp requires vendors predetermine large numbers public keys used during the order process and then also predetermine number addresses payments this could low address however. 
151 electrum moving towards real bip support. 
151 dont see the point implementing right now something that uses their wonky key derivation. 
151 the tmp plugin will cant find the key your deposit list just ask for the correct private key. 
151 think solution like that except with real bip the best. 
152 thanks for the news. 
153 from ofl pwmolzg march amgotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
153 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
153 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
153 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
153 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
153 you not think they are logging all deposit and withdraw address you are deluding your self. 
153 big part why mtgox had much bitcoin seized early was the feds wanted leverage get more evidence against people. 
153 was not just about compliance money transmitting rules. 
153 they are aware people like you and dont they are not watching. 
153 you have been warned. 
154 you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage. 
155 welcome post this forum you have any questions there few bsm vets here that know the features pretty well. 
156 glad see someone actually noticing allow alleviate any concerns about safepostage. 
156 onion also rcnm jtq. 
156 onionwe use hundreds different postal accounts the moment. 
156 its very easy for make new and unctraceable accounts purchase postage with and your behalf. 
156 the odds person being linked and having packages intercepted based the account from where the postage purchased very small. 
156 could happen but this why use new accounts all the time. 
156 every day make new accounts that are unlinked through layers anoymous ips. 
156 not discriminate based who using the service. 
156 some people just have bitcoin and dont feel like cashing out. 
156 also sell stamps. 
156 keep mind were not responsible for the shipping contents. 
156 just send you the label. 
156 anything would assume that package that has legit shipping label much less scrutinized than something that has hand written label and some stamps. 
157 look know yall prolly wont listen but silkroad not scam website. 
157 defcon and his team are paying back the stolen bitcoin speak. 
157 you can check silkroad forum credentials see not troll. 
157 php action profile have been with silkroad since before ross was takendown and have watched grow since october. 
158 keep getting spam talking about due captcha error agora. 
158 the link indeed legit but its referral link trick you into registering with there link they can make commision fee off your purchases which what the linkare for. 
159 getting fake and opening few llcs should get you legitimate bank accounts and then you just use them for the calendar year and then just ditch them and disappear come tax time. 
159 then you have normal working bank account that you can use for while without all the hassle youre going through. 
159 then you only through that hassle once year. 
159 your operation that big though might time consider opening legit business laundering front although that obviously would open you paying taxes. 
160 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling blockchain. 
160 info discontinued send shared while back and now only offers the less anonymous shared coin coinjoin mixing service. 
160 bitcoin fog still the market leader. 
161 thanks for the great read deepdotweb. 
162 youtube and look some php tutorials. 
162 there are plenty good ones there. 
162 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
162 other words somebody types name jollyalert roger. 
162 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
162 very dangerous when considering you can use steal peoples session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
162 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
162 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
162 check out what post above really looks like after all the data sanitized. 
162 quotego youtube and look some php tutorials. 
162 there are plenty good ones there. 
162 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
162 other words somebody types name jolly script alert 'hi' script roger. 
162 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
162 very dangerous when considering you can use steal people's session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
162 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
162 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
163 your quite welcome. 
163 just remember remain confident and plan out how your going things. 
163 rushed decisions lead mistakes. 
163 this business mistakes jail time. 
163 one wants that. 
163 remember always use your head first and stay safe. 
164 really hoping that this last but seems like agora actually running relatively well today. 
164 ive been banging head the desk trying get work done for few days now. 
164 just hope last. 
165 how many vendors are there. 
166 too many markets have been getting shut down back back result greed and manipulation power the pirate market its smaller one which reduces helluva lotta risk posed larger markets. 
166 plan watchin this market grow security wise and pass all other failing marketplaces. 
167 how about all disregard messages about disregarding messages huh quick muckin thees forums brotha. 
168 also suggest customers mix coins. 
168 you buy them online exchange linked your identity and vendor gets busted will most likely able track the coins back you. 
168 whats the best option mix coins bitcoinfog seems having allot problems lately slow deposits coins not showing etc. 
168 info shared send this spooks out little since they obviously keep logs and will share with when requestedc using online exchange sell buy your btc other then withdraw fresh coins new wallet. 
168 this option sounds good but youll have find exchange outside your jurisdiction that doesnt ask for identification. 
168 honestly dont know what would best someone has some tips please share. 
168 luckily still have some clean coins for purchases. 
169 from jules winnfield march ami noticed its not disabled there just new option where you can have multiple auto withdraw wallets order circumvent tracing bitcoin movement and out site. 
169 this how proper site run. 
169 makes and pandora agora honet look like garbage. 
169 they semmingly always have new security features and running. 
169 its nice know the site getting improved all the time. 
169 and the slow ish pace gives them time perfect everything. 
170 welcome post this forum you have any questions there few bsm vets here that know the features pretty well. 
171 from ofl pwmolzg march amgotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
171 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
171 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
171 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
171 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
171 you not think they are logging all deposit and withdraw address you are deluding your self. 
171 big part why mtgox had much bitcoin seized early was the feds wanted leverage get more evidence against people. 
171 was not just about compliance money transmitting rules. 
171 they are aware people like you and dont they are not watching. 
171 you have been warned. 
172 welcome post this forum you have any questions there few bsm vets here that know the features pretty well. 
173 from jules winnfield march ami noticed its not disabled there just new option where you can have multiple auto withdraw wallets order circumvent tracing bitcoin movement and out site. 
173 this how proper site run. 
173 makes and pandora agora honet look like garbage. 
173 they semmingly always have new security features and running. 
173 its nice know the site getting improved all the time. 
173 and the slow ish pace gives them time perfect everything. 
174 from navudenas march pmthis about the address see next post. 
174 why the fuck real torbrowser says different from real one and went whatismyip. 
174 com said the same the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows real one. 
174 your local computer talking itself. 
174 your local router could any computer your local home network maybe represents the local the hub network servers. 
174 either way doesnt matter its not your. 
174 posts also have. 
174 dont worry thats just useless saying. 
174 its not your real. 
174 edit yeah all posts list. 
174 and other forums its. 
174 this probably has something with the architecture the way the hub set. 
175 too many markets have been getting shut down back back result greed and manipulation power the pirate market its smaller one which reduces helluva lotta risk posed larger markets. 
175 plan watchin this market grow security wise and pass all other failing marketplaces. 
176 getting fake and opening few llcs should get you legitimate bank accounts and then you just use them for the calendar year and then just ditch them and disappear come tax time. 
176 then you have normal working bank account that you can use for while without all the hassle youre going through. 
176 then you only through that hassle once year. 
176 your operation that big though might time consider opening legit business laundering front although that obviously would open you paying taxes. 
177 glad see someone actually noticing allow alleviate any concerns about safepostage. 
177 onion also rcnm jtq. 
177 onionwe use hundreds different postal accounts the moment. 
177 its very easy for make new and unctraceable accounts purchase postage with and your behalf. 
177 the odds person being linked and having packages intercepted based the account from where the postage purchased very small. 
177 could happen but this why use new accounts all the time. 
177 every day make new accounts that are unlinked through layers anoymous ips. 
177 not discriminate based who using the service. 
177 some people just have bitcoin and dont feel like cashing out. 
177 also sell stamps. 
177 keep mind were not responsible for the shipping contents. 
177 just send you the label. 
177 anything would assume that package that has legit shipping label much less scrutinized than something that has hand written label and some stamps. 
178 keep getting spam talking about due captcha error agora. 
178 the link indeed legit but its referral link trick you into registering with there link they can make commision fee off your purchases which what the linkare for. 
179 great see you here. 
180 one takes anything other than btc except for the ocasional ltc fanatic. 
181 from vodka march amthe guy agora imposter the guy agora. 
182 from ofl pwmolzg march amgotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
182 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
182 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
182 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
182 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
182 you not think they are logging all deposit and withdraw address you are deluding your self. 
182 big part why mtgox had much bitcoin seized early was the feds wanted leverage get more evidence against people. 
182 was not just about compliance money transmitting rules. 
182 they are aware people like you and dont they are not watching. 
182 you have been warned. 
183 guess should have checked the bitcoin forum. 
183 org before trying campbx. 
183 shit maybe should have tried the better business bureau rating. 
183 crap never going get coins back. 
184 from tub march pmso you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
184 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
184 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
184 well the funds are only untraceable you dont know the address. 
184 since know the address can just check the blockchain see that bitcoinfog yeah youre right some random agent who cares sent the coins that address confirmed hundreds times and the coins are still sitting right there but they have not been posted campbx account after week back and forth bullshit with their support guys. 
184 its actually pretty easy place the blame with the registered scammers. 
185 youtube and look some php tutorials. 
185 there are plenty good ones there. 
185 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
185 other words somebody types name jollyalert roger. 
185 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
185 very dangerous when considering you can use steal peoples session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
185 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
185 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
185 check out what post above really looks like after all the data sanitized. 
185 quotego youtube and look some php tutorials. 
185 there are plenty good ones there. 
185 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
185 other words somebody types name jolly script alert 'hi' script roger. 
185 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
185 very dangerous when considering you can use steal people's session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
185 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
185 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
186 thanks for the news. 
187 really hoping that this last but seems like agora actually running relatively well today. 
187 ive been banging head the desk trying get work done for few days now. 
187 just hope last. 
188 too many markets have been getting shut down back back result greed and manipulation power the pirate market its smaller one which reduces helluva lotta risk posed larger markets. 
188 plan watchin this market grow security wise and pass all other failing marketplaces. 
189 keep getting spam talking about due captcha error agora. 
189 the link indeed legit but its referral link trick you into registering with there link they can make commision fee off your purchases which what the linkare for. 
190 gotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
190 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
190 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
190 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
190 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
191 welcome post this forum you have any questions there few bsm vets here that know the features pretty well. 
192 from jules winnfield march ami noticed its not disabled there just new option where you can have multiple auto withdraw wallets order circumvent tracing bitcoin movement and out site. 
192 this how proper site run. 
192 makes and pandora agora honet look like garbage. 
192 they semmingly always have new security features and running. 
192 its nice know the site getting improved all the time. 
192 and the slow ish pace gives them time perfect everything. 
193 getting fake and opening few llcs should get you legitimate bank accounts and then you just use them for the calendar year and then just ditch them and disappear come tax time. 
193 then you have normal working bank account that you can use for while without all the hassle youre going through. 
193 then you only through that hassle once year. 
193 your operation that big though might time consider opening legit business laundering front although that obviously would open you paying taxes. 
194 glad see someone actually noticing allow alleviate any concerns about safepostage. 
194 onion also rcnm jtq. 
194 onionwe use hundreds different postal accounts the moment. 
194 its very easy for make new and unctraceable accounts purchase postage with and your behalf. 
194 the odds person being linked and having packages intercepted based the account from where the postage purchased very small. 
194 could happen but this why use new accounts all the time. 
194 every day make new accounts that are unlinked through layers anoymous ips. 
194 not discriminate based who using the service. 
194 some people just have bitcoin and dont feel like cashing out. 
194 also sell stamps. 
194 keep mind were not responsible for the shipping contents. 
194 just send you the label. 
194 anything would assume that package that has legit shipping label much less scrutinized than something that has hand written label and some stamps. 
195 you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage. 
196 thanks for the news. 
197 from tub march pmso you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
197 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
197 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
197 well the funds are only untraceable you dont know the address. 
197 since know the address can just check the blockchain see that bitcoinfog yeah youre right some random agent who cares sent the coins that address confirmed hundreds times and the coins are still sitting right there but they have not been posted campbx account after week back and forth bullshit with their support guys. 
197 its actually pretty easy place the blame with the registered scammers. 
198 guess should have checked the bitcoin forum. 
198 org before trying campbx. 
198 shit maybe should have tried the better business bureau rating. 
198 crap never going get coins back. 
199 from vodka march amthe guy agora imposter the guy agora. 
200 from vodka march amthe guy agora imposter the guy agora. 
201 from jules winnfield march ami noticed its not disabled there just new option where you can have multiple auto withdraw wallets order circumvent tracing bitcoin movement and out site. 
201 this how proper site run. 
201 makes and pandora agora honet look like garbage. 
201 they semmingly always have new security features and running. 
201 its nice know the site getting improved all the time. 
201 and the slow ish pace gives them time perfect everything. 
202 from tub march pmso you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
202 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
202 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
202 well the funds are only untraceable you dont know the address. 
202 since know the address can just check the blockchain see that bitcoinfog yeah youre right some random agent who cares sent the coins that address confirmed hundreds times and the coins are still sitting right there but they have not been posted campbx account after week back and forth bullshit with their support guys. 
202 its actually pretty easy place the blame with the registered scammers. 
203 guess should have checked the bitcoin forum. 
203 org before trying campbx. 
203 shit maybe should have tried the better business bureau rating. 
203 crap never going get coins back. 
204 gotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
204 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
204 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
204 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
204 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
205 from navudenas march pmthis about the address see next post. 
205 why the fuck real torbrowser says different from real one and went whatismyip. 
205 com said the same the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows real one. 
205 your local computer talking itself. 
205 your local router could any computer your local home network maybe represents the local the hub network servers. 
205 either way doesnt matter its not your. 
205 posts also have. 
205 dont worry thats just useless saying. 
205 its not your real. 
205 edit yeah all posts list. 
205 and other forums its. 
205 this probably has something with the architecture the way the hub set. 
206 one takes anything other than btc except for the ocasional ltc fanatic. 
207 sent about two messages two support its been about week maybe more still reply this normal meerkovo. 
208 how the fuck you know anything about their security backend. 
208 sounds like you run the site you should contact mod someone you can get say that your name. 
208 btw really shitty graphics think thats the turn off for people. 
208 some strange interesting feature tho. 
209 hello all the only one having trouble with agoras new captcha system sometimes fails load all other times says havent correctly identified the characters. 
209 seems like such simple issue lot dwms tend struggle with. 
210 how about all disregard messages about disregarding messages huh quick muckin thees forums brotha. 
211 welcome the bsm family. 
211 the market where dont bother with forum our own. 
211 jab intended there. 
211 anyways best luck man. 
212 from fuck her march pmheres where need feedback thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
212 what you think about this the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
212 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
212 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
212 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
212 but feel electrum would way better. 
212 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
212 how sites that implement true multisignature escrow how does this sound does the process sound like something end users would easily trained think becomes pretty you can see using multisig. 
212 there are only actions the users need. 
212 one less step when automate key generation. 
212 thats the price they pay for absolute security for their bitcoin. 
212 more heists all transactions occur the blockchain and are only considered valid when the blockchain. 
212 means more live wallet the possibility for the negative balance hack removed and the trust the site becomes minimal. 
212 the site run attacker they simply cant run off with the money. 
212 even there unexpected downtime the admin goes awol buyer and vendor have their public keys can try negotiate another channel least sort out their funds themselves. 
212 feedback this critical bitwasps success please fire away. 
212 any input appreachiated. 
212 will tip very good replies with some bitcoins. 
212 till although doubt you are going give penny. 
212 electrum relies using their servers. 
212 please keep this mind when using electrum because electrum more centralized idea than bitcoin and bitcoind which connects the other nodes. 
212 the electrum servers down you get screwed. 
212 also electrum not well supported for multisig right now. 
212 they use either bitcoin bitcoind just like bitwasp. 
212 sounds like you are wanting set marketplace using bitwasp but using electrum might bad idea your market relies electrum because their servers down does your market. 
213 its suprise see you this venue first some thoughts the implementation. 
213 whether the payment finalize early escrow then the site will poll the blockchain for payments that address. 
213 once the full amount paid then the order marked paid and all users messaged link page that shows the generated transaction paying the vendor the full amount minus the sites fee raw transaction spending all the transactions sent the multisg address and sending the vendor one output and the sites fees address another. 
213 everyone will shown the transaction paying the vendor. 
213 the buyer raises dispute then the users will start discuss the order and the admin will generate new transaction paying the appropriate amount both parties. 
213 but its all successful then one the users will sign the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction the site. 
213 then the other user will sign the transaction broadcast where will identified bitwasp when makes into the blockchain. 
213 not sure like showing the raw unsigned before deciding where the btc going. 
213 this information leak. 
213 the very least the address the vendor uses will have burnt and sloppy vendor reusing addresses using the same address get funds from every going expose lot and this very little risk the person doing the attack. 
213 all they would have cancel the order before the vendor fufills and they would lose trivial amount transaction fees. 
213 think its better wait until its been decided where the funds before generating the raw signed. 
213 also buyers tend awful signing payments. 
213 think from buyer view they dont need ever see unless they need get refund some sort. 
213 also cautious person might always want their broadcast some predetermined time say utc something order allow time information leaks. 
213 because this think its better for the site sign the and then have the other party the final signing and broadcast themselves. 
213 your specific questionsquote thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
213 what you think about this think itd better accept extended public key bip style give the user option input advance give them arbitrary number addresses chosen from randomly. 
213 electrum moving away from their current key implemantion even the distributed source has code for true bip wallets altho not sure its actually ever used. 
213 the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
213 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
213 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
213 think the admin keys should probably random. 
213 there are two reasons for this. 
213 one that think the site should have the private keys available because think the normal signatures should site whoever getting the btc. 
213 buyer vendor should for unusual situations. 
213 this means that youd have store the extended master private key which huge security problem should that compromised. 
213 the second that even you only store some version extended public key that compromised youd readily able tract transactions the blockchain looking for that redeem style address with one the public keys the reedemscript. 
213 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
213 but feel electrum would way better. 
213 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
213 stands electrums multi sig horribly broken. 
213 the only way its gonna work until the new version you take tmps plugin and use that. 
213 code all pubilc domain and vitalik buterins code from pybtctools that ive used some format conversions. 
213 not sure how tmpschultz feels about his code being used however. 
213 wrote all the actual widget code that deals with the and came with the concept using deposit addresses store the keys. 
213 additionally electrum stores its transactions internally wierdo format. 
213 its not really going useful stands for tracking things the how sites that implement true multisignature escrow not sure the internals but tmp requires vendors predetermine large numbers public keys used during the order process and then also predetermine number addresses payments this could low address however. 
213 electrum moving towards real bip support. 
213 dont see the point implementing right now something that uses their wonky key derivation. 
213 the tmp plugin will cant find the key your deposit list just ask for the correct private key. 
213 think solution like that except with real bip the best. 
214 hello all the only one having trouble with agoras new captcha system sometimes fails load all other times says havent correctly identified the characters. 
214 seems like such simple issue lot dwms tend struggle with. 
215 welcome the bsm family. 
215 the market where dont bother with forum our own. 
215 jab intended there. 
215 anyways best luck man. 
216 thanks for the great read deepdotweb. 
217 how many vendors are there. 
218 how the fuck you know anything about their security backend. 
218 sounds like you run the site you should contact mod someone you can get say that your name. 
218 btw really shitty graphics think thats the turn off for people. 
218 some strange interesting feature tho. 
219 also suggest customers mix coins. 
219 you buy them online exchange linked your identity and vendor gets busted will most likely able track the coins back you. 
219 what's the best option mix coins bitcoinfog seems having allot problems lately slow deposits coins not showing etc. 
219 info 'shared send' this spooks out little since they obviously keep logs and will share with when requestedc using online exchange sell buy your btc other then withdraw fresh coins new wallet. 
219 this option sounds good but you'll have find exchange outside your jurisdiction that doesn't ask for identification. 
219 honestly don't know what would best someone has some tips please share. 
219 luckily still have some clean coins for purchases. 
220 great see you here. 
221 from navudenas march pmthis about the address see next post. 
221 why the fuck real torbrowser says different from real one and went whatismyip. 
221 com said the same the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows real one. 
221 your local computer talking itself. 
221 your local router could any computer your local home network maybe represents the local the hub network servers. 
221 either way doesnt matter its not your. 
221 posts also have. 
221 dont worry thats just useless saying. 
221 its not your real. 
221 edit yeah all posts list. 
221 and other forums its. 
221 this probably has something with the architecture the way the hub set. 
222 look know yall prolly wont listen but silkroad not scam website. 
222 defcon and his team are paying back the stolen bitcoin speak. 
222 you can check silkroad forum credentials see not troll. 
222 php action profile have been with silkroad since before ross was takendown and have watched grow since october. 
223 how many vendors are there. 
224 from navudenas march pmthis about the address see next post. 
224 why the fuck real torbrowser says different from real one and went whatismyip. 
224 com said the same the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows real one. 
224 your local computer talking itself. 
224 your local router could any computer your local home network maybe represents the local the hub network servers. 
224 either way doesnt matter its not your. 
224 posts also have. 
224 dont worry thats just useless saying. 
224 its not your real. 
224 edit yeah all posts list. 
224 and other forums its. 
224 this probably has something with the architecture the way the hub set. 
225 too many markets have been getting shut down back back result greed and manipulation power the pirate market its smaller one which reduces helluva lotta risk posed larger markets. 
225 plan watchin this market grow security wise and pass all other failing marketplaces. 
226 getting fake and opening few llcs should get you legitimate bank accounts and then you just use them for the calendar year and then just ditch them and disappear come tax time. 
226 then you have normal working bank account that you can use for while without all the hassle youre going through. 
226 then you only through that hassle once year. 
226 your operation that big though might time consider opening legit business laundering front although that obviously would open you paying taxes. 
227 glad see someone actually noticing allow alleviate any concerns about safepostage. 
227 onion also rcnm jtq. 
227 onionwe use hundreds different postal accounts the moment. 
227 its very easy for make new and unctraceable accounts purchase postage with and your behalf. 
227 the odds person being linked and having packages intercepted based the account from where the postage purchased very small. 
227 could happen but this why use new accounts all the time. 
227 every day make new accounts that are unlinked through layers anoymous ips. 
227 not discriminate based who using the service. 
227 some people just have bitcoin and dont feel like cashing out. 
227 also sell stamps. 
227 keep mind were not responsible for the shipping contents. 
227 just send you the label. 
227 anything would assume that package that has legit shipping label much less scrutinized than something that has hand written label and some stamps. 
228 keep getting spam talking about due captcha error agora. 
228 the link indeed legit but its referral link trick you into registering with there link they can make commision fee off your purchases which what the linkare for. 
229 great see you here. 
230 one takes anything other than btc except for the ocasional ltc fanatic. 
231 from vodka march amthe guy agora imposter the guy agora. 
232 from ofl pwmolzg march amgotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
232 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
232 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
232 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
232 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
232 you not think they are logging all deposit and withdraw address you are deluding your self. 
232 big part why mtgox had much bitcoin seized early was the feds wanted leverage get more evidence against people. 
232 was not just about compliance money transmitting rules. 
232 they are aware people like you and dont they are not watching. 
232 you have been warned. 
233 guess should have checked the bitcoin forum. 
233 org before trying campbx. 
233 shit maybe should have tried the better business bureau rating. 
233 crap never going get coins back. 
234 from tub march pmso you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
234 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
234 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
234 well the funds are only untraceable you dont know the address. 
234 since know the address can just check the blockchain see that bitcoinfog yeah youre right some random agent who cares sent the coins that address confirmed hundreds times and the coins are still sitting right there but they have not been posted campbx account after week back and forth bullshit with their support guys. 
234 its actually pretty easy place the blame with the registered scammers. 
235 youtube and look some php tutorials. 
235 there are plenty good ones there. 
235 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
235 other words somebody types name jollyalert roger. 
235 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
235 very dangerous when considering you can use steal peoples session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
235 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
235 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
235 check out what post above really looks like after all the data sanitized. 
235 quotego youtube and look some php tutorials. 
235 there are plenty good ones there. 
235 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
235 other words somebody types name jolly script alert 'hi' script roger. 
235 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
235 very dangerous when considering you can use steal people's session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
235 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
235 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
236 thanks for the news. 
237 really hoping that this last but seems like agora actually running relatively well today. 
237 ive been banging head the desk trying get work done for few days now. 
237 just hope last. 
238 its suprise see you this venue first some thoughts the implementation. 
238 whether the payment finalize early escrow then the site will poll the blockchain for payments that address. 
238 once the full amount paid then the order marked paid and all users messaged link page that shows the generated transaction paying the vendor the full amount minus the sites fee raw transaction spending all the transactions sent the multisg address and sending the vendor one output and the sites fees address another. 
238 everyone will shown the transaction paying the vendor. 
238 the buyer raises dispute then the users will start discuss the order and the admin will generate new transaction paying the appropriate amount both parties. 
238 but its all successful then one the users will sign the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction the site. 
238 then the other user will sign the transaction broadcast where will identified bitwasp when makes into the blockchain. 
238 not sure like showing the raw unsigned before deciding where the btc going. 
238 this information leak. 
238 the very least the address the vendor uses will have burnt and sloppy vendor reusing addresses using the same address get funds from every going expose lot and this very little risk the person doing the attack. 
238 all they would have cancel the order before the vendor fufills and they would lose trivial amount transaction fees. 
238 think its better wait until its been decided where the funds before generating the raw signed. 
238 also buyers tend awful signing payments. 
238 think from buyer view they dont need ever see unless they need get refund some sort. 
238 also cautious person might always want their broadcast some predetermined time say utc something order allow time information leaks. 
238 because this think its better for the site sign the and then have the other party the final signing and broadcast themselves. 
238 your specific questionsquote thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
238 what you think about this think itd better accept extended public key bip style give the user option input advance give them arbitrary number addresses chosen from randomly. 
238 electrum moving away from their current key implemantion even the distributed source has code for true bip wallets altho not sure its actually ever used. 
238 the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
238 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
238 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
238 think the admin keys should probably random. 
238 there are two reasons for this. 
238 one that think the site should have the private keys available because think the normal signatures should site whoever getting the btc. 
238 buyer vendor should for unusual situations. 
238 this means that youd have store the extended master private key which huge security problem should that compromised. 
238 the second that even you only store some version extended public key that compromised youd readily able tract transactions the blockchain looking for that redeem style address with one the public keys the reedemscript. 
238 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
238 but feel electrum would way better. 
238 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
238 stands electrums multi sig horribly broken. 
238 the only way its gonna work until the new version you take tmps plugin and use that. 
238 code all pubilc domain and vitalik buterins code from pybtctools that ive used some format conversions. 
238 not sure how tmpschultz feels about his code being used however. 
238 wrote all the actual widget code that deals with the and came with the concept using deposit addresses store the keys. 
238 additionally electrum stores its transactions internally wierdo format. 
238 its not really going useful stands for tracking things the how sites that implement true multisignature escrow not sure the internals but tmp requires vendors predetermine large numbers public keys used during the order process and then also predetermine number addresses payments this could low address however. 
238 electrum moving towards real bip support. 
238 dont see the point implementing right now something that uses their wonky key derivation. 
238 the tmp plugin will cant find the key your deposit list just ask for the correct private key. 
238 think solution like that except with real bip the best. 
239 from fuck her march pmheres where need feedback thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
239 what you think about this the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
239 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
239 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
239 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
239 but feel electrum would way better. 
239 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
239 how sites that implement true multisignature escrow how does this sound does the process sound like something end users would easily trained think becomes pretty you can see using multisig. 
239 there are only actions the users need. 
239 one less step when automate key generation. 
239 thats the price they pay for absolute security for their bitcoin. 
239 more heists all transactions occur the blockchain and are only considered valid when the blockchain. 
239 means more live wallet the possibility for the negative balance hack removed and the trust the site becomes minimal. 
239 the site run attacker they simply cant run off with the money. 
239 even there unexpected downtime the admin goes awol buyer and vendor have their public keys can try negotiate another channel least sort out their funds themselves. 
239 feedback this critical bitwasps success please fire away. 
239 any input appreachiated. 
239 will tip very good replies with some bitcoins. 
239 till although doubt you are going give penny. 
239 electrum relies using their servers. 
239 please keep this mind when using electrum because electrum more centralized idea than bitcoin and bitcoind which connects the other nodes. 
239 the electrum servers down you get screwed. 
239 also electrum not well supported for multisig right now. 
239 they use either bitcoin bitcoind just like bitwasp. 
239 sounds like you are wanting set marketplace using bitwasp but using electrum might bad idea your market relies electrum because their servers down does your market. 
240 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling blockchain. 
240 info discontinued send shared while back and now only offers the less anonymous shared coin coinjoin mixing service. 
240 bitcoin fog still the market leader. 
241 how about all disregard messages about disregarding messages huh quick muckin thees forums brotha. 
242 gotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
242 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
242 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
242 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
242 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
243 sent about two messages two support its been about week maybe more still reply this normal meerkovo. 
244 look know yall prolly wont listen but silkroad not scam website. 
244 defcon and his team are paying back the stolen bitcoin speak. 
244 you can check silkroad forum credentials see not troll. 
244 php action profile have been with silkroad since before ross was takendown and have watched grow since october. 
245 your quite welcome. 
245 just remember remain confident and plan out how your going things. 
245 rushed decisions lead mistakes. 
245 this business mistakes jail time. 
245 one wants that. 
245 remember always use your head first and stay safe. 
246 you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage. 
247 hello all the only one having trouble with agoras new captcha system sometimes fails load all other times says havent correctly identified the characters. 
247 seems like such simple issue lot dwms tend struggle with. 
248 welcome the bsm family. 
248 the market where dont bother with forum our own. 
248 jab intended there. 
248 anyways best luck man. 
249 keep getting spam talking about due captcha error agora. 
249 the link indeed legit but its referral link trick you into registering with there link they can make commision fee off your purchases which what the linkare for. 
250 great see you here. 
251 one takes anything other than btc except for the ocasional ltc fanatic. 
252 from vodka march amthe guy agora imposter the guy agora. 
253 from ofl pwmolzg march amgotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
253 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
253 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
253 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
253 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
253 you not think they are logging all deposit and withdraw address you are deluding your self. 
253 big part why mtgox had much bitcoin seized early was the feds wanted leverage get more evidence against people. 
253 was not just about compliance money transmitting rules. 
253 they are aware people like you and dont they are not watching. 
253 you have been warned. 
254 guess should have checked the bitcoin forum. 
254 org before trying campbx. 
254 shit maybe should have tried the better business bureau rating. 
254 crap never going get coins back. 
255 from tub march pmso you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
255 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
255 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
255 well the funds are only untraceable you dont know the address. 
255 since know the address can just check the blockchain see that bitcoinfog yeah youre right some random agent who cares sent the coins that address confirmed hundreds times and the coins are still sitting right there but they have not been posted campbx account after week back and forth bullshit with their support guys. 
255 its actually pretty easy place the blame with the registered scammers. 
256 youtube and look some php tutorials. 
256 there are plenty good ones there. 
256 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
256 other words somebody types name jollyalert roger. 
256 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
256 very dangerous when considering you can use steal peoples session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
256 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
256 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
256 check out what post above really looks like after all the data sanitized. 
256 quotego youtube and look some php tutorials. 
256 there are plenty good ones there. 
256 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
256 other words somebody types name jolly script alert 'hi' script roger. 
256 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
256 very dangerous when considering you can use steal people's session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
256 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
256 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
257 thanks for the news. 
258 really hoping that this last but seems like agora actually running relatively well today. 
258 ive been banging head the desk trying get work done for few days now. 
258 just hope last. 
259 its suprise see you this venue first some thoughts the implementation. 
259 whether the payment finalize early escrow then the site will poll the blockchain for payments that address. 
259 once the full amount paid then the order marked paid and all users messaged link page that shows the generated transaction paying the vendor the full amount minus the sites fee raw transaction spending all the transactions sent the multisg address and sending the vendor one output and the sites fees address another. 
259 everyone will shown the transaction paying the vendor. 
259 the buyer raises dispute then the users will start discuss the order and the admin will generate new transaction paying the appropriate amount both parties. 
259 but its all successful then one the users will sign the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction the site. 
259 then the other user will sign the transaction broadcast where will identified bitwasp when makes into the blockchain. 
259 not sure like showing the raw unsigned before deciding where the btc going. 
259 this information leak. 
259 the very least the address the vendor uses will have burnt and sloppy vendor reusing addresses using the same address get funds from every going expose lot and this very little risk the person doing the attack. 
259 all they would have cancel the order before the vendor fufills and they would lose trivial amount transaction fees. 
259 think its better wait until its been decided where the funds before generating the raw signed. 
259 also buyers tend awful signing payments. 
259 think from buyer view they dont need ever see unless they need get refund some sort. 
259 also cautious person might always want their broadcast some predetermined time say utc something order allow time information leaks. 
259 because this think its better for the site sign the and then have the other party the final signing and broadcast themselves. 
259 your specific questionsquote thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
259 what you think about this think itd better accept extended public key bip style give the user option input advance give them arbitrary number addresses chosen from randomly. 
259 electrum moving away from their current key implemantion even the distributed source has code for true bip wallets altho not sure its actually ever used. 
259 the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
259 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
259 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
259 think the admin keys should probably random. 
259 there are two reasons for this. 
259 one that think the site should have the private keys available because think the normal signatures should site whoever getting the btc. 
259 buyer vendor should for unusual situations. 
259 this means that youd have store the extended master private key which huge security problem should that compromised. 
259 the second that even you only store some version extended public key that compromised youd readily able tract transactions the blockchain looking for that redeem style address with one the public keys the reedemscript. 
259 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
259 but feel electrum would way better. 
259 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
259 stands electrums multi sig horribly broken. 
259 the only way its gonna work until the new version you take tmps plugin and use that. 
259 code all pubilc domain and vitalik buterins code from pybtctools that ive used some format conversions. 
259 not sure how tmpschultz feels about his code being used however. 
259 wrote all the actual widget code that deals with the and came with the concept using deposit addresses store the keys. 
259 additionally electrum stores its transactions internally wierdo format. 
259 its not really going useful stands for tracking things the how sites that implement true multisignature escrow not sure the internals but tmp requires vendors predetermine large numbers public keys used during the order process and then also predetermine number addresses payments this could low address however. 
259 electrum moving towards real bip support. 
259 dont see the point implementing right now something that uses their wonky key derivation. 
259 the tmp plugin will cant find the key your deposit list just ask for the correct private key. 
259 think solution like that except with real bip the best. 
260 from fuck her march pmheres where need feedback thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
260 what you think about this the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
260 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
260 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
260 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
260 but feel electrum would way better. 
260 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
260 how sites that implement true multisignature escrow how does this sound does the process sound like something end users would easily trained think becomes pretty you can see using multisig. 
260 there are only actions the users need. 
260 one less step when automate key generation. 
260 thats the price they pay for absolute security for their bitcoin. 
260 more heists all transactions occur the blockchain and are only considered valid when the blockchain. 
260 means more live wallet the possibility for the negative balance hack removed and the trust the site becomes minimal. 
260 the site run attacker they simply cant run off with the money. 
260 even there unexpected downtime the admin goes awol buyer and vendor have their public keys can try negotiate another channel least sort out their funds themselves. 
260 feedback this critical bitwasps success please fire away. 
260 any input appreachiated. 
260 will tip very good replies with some bitcoins. 
260 till although doubt you are going give penny. 
260 electrum relies using their servers. 
260 please keep this mind when using electrum because electrum more centralized idea than bitcoin and bitcoind which connects the other nodes. 
260 the electrum servers down you get screwed. 
260 also electrum not well supported for multisig right now. 
260 they use either bitcoin bitcoind just like bitwasp. 
260 sounds like you are wanting set marketplace using bitwasp but using electrum might bad idea your market relies electrum because their servers down does your market. 
261 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling blockchain. 
261 info discontinued send shared while back and now only offers the less anonymous shared coin coinjoin mixing service. 
261 bitcoin fog still the market leader. 
262 how about all disregard messages about disregarding messages huh quick muckin thees forums brotha. 
263 gotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
263 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
263 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
263 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
263 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
264 sent about two messages two support its been about week maybe more still reply this normal meerkovo. 
265 look know yall prolly wont listen but silkroad not scam website. 
265 defcon and his team are paying back the stolen bitcoin speak. 
265 you can check silkroad forum credentials see not troll. 
265 php action profile have been with silkroad since before ross was takendown and have watched grow since october. 
266 your quite welcome. 
266 just remember remain confident and plan out how your going things. 
266 rushed decisions lead mistakes. 
266 this business mistakes jail time. 
266 one wants that. 
266 remember always use your head first and stay safe. 
267 you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage. 
268 hello all the only one having trouble with agoras new captcha system sometimes fails load all other times says havent correctly identified the characters. 
268 seems like such simple issue lot dwms tend struggle with. 
269 welcome the bsm family. 
269 the market where dont bother with forum our own. 
269 jab intended there. 
269 anyways best luck man. 
270 from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
270 did taint check blockchain. 
270 info and they have trace old coins. 
270 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
270 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
270 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
270 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin. 
271 yeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
271 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
271 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
271 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
271 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
271 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
271 the risk low. 
272 its legit its great idea. 
272 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
272 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
272 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
272 noobs need this sort thing. 
272 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
272 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
272 stop giving these guys hard time. 
272 noobs need these services. 
273 need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
273 can someone please point the correct direction. 
273 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
273 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
273 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
274 from jacobs crackers march ami need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
274 can someone please point the correct direction. 
274 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
274 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
274 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
274 thanksdonation address signature. 
274 since have not seen the best answer posted above will give. 
274 the absolute best way use those unsafe plugins like javascript java and flash follows. 
274 you must use separate machines. 
274 the first machine has other way connecting the internet other than through the second machine preferrably running whonix gateway. 
274 you can also run virtual machine machine for added layer which any exploits malware would need break out first before they can access execute any type code your host operating system. 
274 this point even they are able phone home from your host operating system machine they are not able outside the internet connection from machine running the gateway. 
274 therefore any attempt phoning home will still have through tor. 
274 and long you did not something stupid like use your real name machine leave any identifying information there should identifying information transmitted. 
274 one the possible easier solutions for this called raspberry which runs separate computer gateway through routes all your internet traffic and now there company selling something called onion which has been set specifically route all your traffic through tor and the itself mini computer that acts gateway. 
274 com products thank you. 
275 you should really careful using javascript altogether from what understand. 
275 but you choose use whonix believe the whonix developers recommend using physical gateway and workstation rather than using two virtual machines. 
275 org wiki main pagehowever would imagine there should another option other than using javascript all. 
275 javascript flash iframe well some other plugins really arent recommended you are attempting stay anonymous whether you are using virtualization technology not. 
275 certainly using whonix would your best option has been mentioned but javascript truly should avoided altogether whenever possible even technology itself has its flaws and well. 
275 perhaps there another option using javascript altogether why you feel absolutely necessary use javascript your situation. 
276 the safehouse sellasta tossa mietin. 
276 kapteenille nimeksi libertine. 
277 nimi ehdotus project scandinavia. 
278 finnish drug barn tai ihan barn bluewhite barn vis rien. 
279 vendors like stay were they can access the biggest customer base which the moment and agora. 
279 there are some good new markets but they just dont have the traffic for vendors put the time logging them every day. 
279 ive been both tor and tor escow for over weeks and have only recieved one sale each. 
280 kapteenin uusi nimi voisi olla the sage tai pelkk sage. 
281 physical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
282 from shitstormy march pmbitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
282 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
282 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
282 coinjoin mixers like shared coin and the planned dark wallet are not completely anonymous like bitcoin fog. 
282 they not guarantee zero percent taint. 
282 info discontinued send shared bitcoin fog seems the most trusted traditional mixing service. 
282 darkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
283 take snapshot your whonix workstation before you start. 
283 enable javascript whatever you need. 
283 when youre done revert the snapshot whonix workstation its previous backup. 
283 obviously anything you saved the whonix workstation will gone after you restore you need save something use shared folder make other arrangements. 
283 not perfect because anything that manages break out the whonix workstation and into virtualbox could still persist but thats probably the safest easy way. 
284 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
284 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
284 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
284 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
284 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
284 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
284 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
284 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
284 very secure and anonymous though. 
285 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
285 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
285 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
285 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
285 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email bitmessage easy use and provides transparent encryption that touted equivalent bit rsa. 
285 there has never been independent security audit however which real sticking point. 
285 seems good way fly under the radar. 
285 for guide with screenshots how setup and use bitmessage you can visit. 
286 from tub march pmdo you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage dont know not. 
286 would hope there are several. 
286 thekushlife little complicated get postage anonymously. 
286 you sound like you know what youre doing and applaid your efforts. 
286 bet youre not aware the complicated ways the post office and stamps. 
286 com track your computer from one account the other. 
286 its not simple clearing cookies and making fresh. 
286 these guys are almost advanced google when comes tracking people. 
286 even you are aware this not something most people can handle. 
286 consider issues some have with decrypting pgp messages using virtual machine. 
286 being anonymous isnt for everyone. 
286 are aware there are people who have made successful attempts buy postage anonymously their own for years. 
286 this quick turnaround service for those who want spend their bitcoin and receive guaranteed anonymous postage either with stamps tracking labels. 
286 soon will offering priority mail packaging and other shippings well. 
287 blackmailing for what exactly giving information party always concern but believe repeat business. 
287 your privacy and anonymity our utmost concern. 
287 zero records are saved. 
287 decided investigate are doing nothing wrong and would make sure our customer privacy kept confidential matter what. 
287 delete every shred. 
287 this the nature our business. 
287 otherwise would against our mission statement. 
287 the same concerns could brought with services like bitfog yet trusted all over the darkweb. 
287 manual orders can made with through pgp also. 
287 our business model has concern what youre doing with the stamps and shipping labels. 
287 perhaps you have business amazon and you want pay for shipping using bitcoin but they wont allow that. 
287 maybe youre previously suspended ebay seller who needs fresh start and fresh tracking labels for your shipments. 
287 maybe you dont want closed circuit you walk into post office and buy tons express mail stamps. 
287 remembered post office employees when asked. 
287 wish everyone the best luck their endeavors. 
287 please give chance earn your trust. 
288 joo itekki oon yritt googlailla kyselly psc. 
288 mutta vihdoin ysin jonkunlaisen ohjeen thorlaudalta mutta rahasta muihin kuluihin. 
289 hello currently have vendors. 
290 tulee kuin liukuhihnalta. 
291 bitcoin the worst nigthmare for the nwo just don understand why they hadn banned yet. 
292 any vendors future vendors who are having trouble shipping anonymously please just. 
292 will actually teach you how print labels with tracking. 
292 wont charge you for the info either. 
292 but for fucks sake. 
292 dont pay party and risk your customers privacy. 
293 safepostage its good idea. 
293 just not for vendors. 
293 you are not then you will huge target for. 
293 your database would hold all the info that everyone has been working hard encrypt. 
294 from evilgrin march its legit its great idea. 
294 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
294 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
294 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
294 noobs need this sort thing. 
294 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
294 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
294 stop giving these guys hard time. 
294 noobs need these services. 
294 lets say they are legit. 
294 now all these noob vendors can use these services. 
294 what happens safepostage decides start blackmailing people and when pops them not just trying asshole. 
294 trying help the community. 
295 from jacobs crackers march amcan someone please point the correct direction. 
295 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
295 thats the best solution. 
296 the speakeasy eli vanha kunnon kieltolain aikainen salakapakka. 
297 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
297 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
298 kapteenista voisi tulla the arbiter tai lightbringer. 
299 yksin tunnetuimpia luotettavimpia kuljetus. 
300 ehk olet henkil nkaltaista liikett jos ole edes kykenev keksim nime itsellesi kauppa alustalle jota johdat amber roadincense route kings highwayvia mit kansainv listymiseen tulee. 
300 its not worth. 
300 why draw the extra attention you can keep organized functional low profile staying domestic. 
301 silkkitie kansainv vuonna uuden nimen keksimiseen ytt jien apua alla joidenkin nykyisten lopettaneiden nimi. 
301 outlaw marketthe russian anonymous marketplace black bank bitcoin pirate marketthe majestic market boardtor nine dark valliumred sun nexuscannabis goblin hares marketblack market reloadedutopia. 
302 shit they have. 
302 huh thought they were decent organization. 
302 ill avoid them though. 
302 you got this one. 
303 hopefully does last. 
303 but with all the competition between dark markets and paid trolls more dos attacks could the way. 
304 onko iso homma hinnan laitto bitcoineina mul. 
304 bitcoinia paljon sill. 
305 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
305 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
306 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
306 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
307 currency that would really only used launder other currencies. 
308 need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
308 can someone please point the correct direction. 
308 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
308 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
308 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
309 from jacobs crackers march ami need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
309 can someone please point the correct direction. 
309 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
309 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
309 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
309 thanksdonation address signature. 
309 since have not seen the best answer posted above will give. 
309 the absolute best way use those unsafe plugins like javascript java and flash follows. 
309 you must use separate machines. 
309 the first machine has other way connecting the internet other than through the second machine preferrably running whonix gateway. 
309 you can also run virtual machine machine for added layer which any exploits malware would need break out first before they can access execute any type code your host operating system. 
309 this point even they are able phone home from your host operating system machine they are not able outside the internet connection from machine running the gateway. 
309 therefore any attempt phoning home will still have through tor. 
309 and long you did not something stupid like use your real name machine leave any identifying information there should identifying information transmitted. 
309 one the possible easier solutions for this called raspberry which runs separate computer gateway through routes all your internet traffic and now there company selling something called onion which has been set specifically route all your traffic through tor and the itself mini computer that acts gateway. 
309 com products thank you. 
310 you should really careful using javascript altogether from what understand. 
310 but you choose use whonix believe the whonix developers recommend using physical gateway and workstation rather than using two virtual machines. 
310 org wiki main pagehowever would imagine there should another option other than using javascript all. 
310 javascript flash iframe well some other plugins really arent recommended you are attempting stay anonymous whether you are using virtualization technology not. 
310 certainly using whonix would your best option has been mentioned but javascript truly should avoided altogether whenever possible even technology itself has its flaws and well. 
310 perhaps there another option using javascript altogether why you feel absolutely necessary use javascript your situation. 
311 hello currently have vendors. 
312 take snapshot your whonix workstation before you start. 
312 enable javascript whatever you need. 
312 when youre done revert the snapshot whonix workstation its previous backup. 
312 obviously anything you saved the whonix workstation will gone after you restore you need save something use shared folder make other arrangements. 
312 not perfect because anything that manages break out the whonix workstation and into virtualbox could still persist but thats probably the safest easy way. 
313 even btc they require trade maybe this good time for some quiality forgeries. 
314 from jules winnfield march ami think its only slow paced because the beginning forums trashed saying was scam site. 
314 bsm not having forum has saved from shills because they have nowhere scare customers off either which great. 
314 dont think there even reddit sub for. 
314 lets keep that way. 
314 hub sub forum fairly new there has not been flood shills here either. 
314 hub forums seem attract the nicest people. 
314 its still around and has proven its not scam site. 
314 there ever often wave buyers. 
314 agree the forums absolutely trashed bsm first. 
314 still never hear brought there. 
314 spreading the word people like. 
314 has been and running without much hiccup for months even its hayday couldnt say that. 
315 from shitstormy march pmbitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
315 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
315 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
315 coinjoin mixers like shared coin and the planned dark wallet are not completely anonymous like bitcoin fog. 
315 they not guarantee zero percent taint. 
315 info discontinued send shared bitcoin fog seems the most trusted traditional mixing service. 
315 darkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
316 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
316 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
316 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
316 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
316 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
316 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
316 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
316 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
316 very secure and anonymous though. 
317 joo itekki oon yritt googlailla kyselly psc. 
317 mutta vihdoin ysin jonkunlaisen ohjeen thorlaudalta mutta rahasta muihin kuluihin. 
318 any vendors future vendors who are having trouble shipping anonymously please just. 
318 will actually teach you how print labels with tracking. 
318 wont charge you for the info either. 
318 but for fucks sake. 
318 dont pay party and risk your customers privacy. 
319 safepostage its good idea. 
319 just not for vendors. 
319 you are not then you will huge target for. 
319 your database would hold all the info that everyone has been working hard encrypt. 
320 from evilgrin march its legit its great idea. 
320 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
320 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
320 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
320 noobs need this sort thing. 
320 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
320 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
320 stop giving these guys hard time. 
320 noobs need these services. 
320 lets say they are legit. 
320 now all these noob vendors can use these services. 
320 what happens safepostage decides start blackmailing people and when pops them not just trying asshole. 
320 trying help the community. 
321 from jules winnfield march ami think its only slow paced because the beginning forums trashed saying was scam site. 
321 bsm not having forum has saved from shills because they have nowhere scare customers off either which great. 
321 dont think there even reddit sub for. 
321 lets keep that way. 
321 hub sub forum fairly new there has not been flood shills here either. 
321 hub forums seem attract the nicest people. 
321 its still around and has proven its not scam site. 
321 there ever often wave buyers. 
321 agree the forums absolutely trashed bsm first. 
321 still never hear brought there. 
321 spreading the word people like. 
321 has been and running without much hiccup for months even its hayday couldnt say that. 
322 hei mietin ett voisi olla hyv jos jostain asetuksista saisi valita bitcoinejen sijasta mbtc joka ainakin minun mielest jotenkin selke mpi. 
323 have the same issue only when try log with liberte. 
323 the captcha just fails load every time. 
324 physical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
325 from jacobs crackers march amcan someone please point the correct direction. 
325 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
325 thats the best solution. 
326 thats really great market. 
327 from evilgrin march its legit its great idea. 
327 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
327 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
327 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
327 noobs need this sort thing. 
327 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
327 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
327 stop giving these guys hard time. 
327 noobs need these services. 
327 lets say they are legit. 
327 now all these noob vendors can use these services. 
327 what happens safepostage decides start blackmailing people and when pops them not just trying asshole. 
327 trying help the community. 
328 any vendors future vendors who are having trouble shipping anonymously please just. 
328 will actually teach you how print labels with tracking. 
328 wont charge you for the info either. 
328 but for fucks sake. 
328 dont pay party and risk your customers privacy. 
329 safepostage its good idea. 
329 just not for vendors. 
329 you are not then you will huge target for. 
329 your database would hold all the info that everyone has been working hard encrypt. 
330 currency that would really only used launder other currencies. 
331 think its only slow paced because the beginning forums trashed saying was scam site. 
331 bsm not having forum has saved from shills because they have nowhere scare customers off either which great. 
331 dont think there even reddit sub for. 
331 lets keep that way. 
331 hub sub forum fairly new there has not been flood shills here either. 
331 hub forums seem attract the nicest people. 
331 its still around and has proven its not scam site. 
331 there ever often wave buyers. 
332 from tub march pmdo you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage dont know not. 
332 would hope there are several. 
332 thekushlife little complicated get postage anonymously. 
332 you sound like you know what youre doing and applaid your efforts. 
332 bet youre not aware the complicated ways the post office and stamps. 
332 com track your computer from one account the other. 
332 its not simple clearing cookies and making fresh. 
332 these guys are almost advanced google when comes tracking people. 
332 even you are aware this not something most people can handle. 
332 consider issues some have with decrypting pgp messages using virtual machine. 
332 being anonymous isnt for everyone. 
332 are aware there are people who have made successful attempts buy postage anonymously their own for years. 
332 this quick turnaround service for those who want spend their bitcoin and receive guaranteed anonymous postage either with stamps tracking labels. 
332 soon will offering priority mail packaging and other shippings well. 
333 blackmailing for what exactly giving information party always concern but believe repeat business. 
333 your privacy and anonymity our utmost concern. 
333 zero records are saved. 
333 decided investigate are doing nothing wrong and would make sure our customer privacy kept confidential matter what. 
333 delete every shred. 
333 this the nature our business. 
333 otherwise would against our mission statement. 
333 the same concerns could brought with services like bitfog yet trusted all over the darkweb. 
333 manual orders can made with through pgp also. 
333 our business model has concern what youre doing with the stamps and shipping labels. 
333 perhaps you have business amazon and you want pay for shipping using bitcoin but they wont allow that. 
333 maybe youre previously suspended ebay seller who needs fresh start and fresh tracking labels for your shipments. 
333 maybe you dont want closed circuit you walk into post office and buy tons express mail stamps. 
333 remembered post office employees when asked. 
333 wish everyone the best luck their endeavors. 
333 please give chance earn your trust. 
334 bitcoin the worst nigthmare for the nwo just don understand why they hadn banned yet. 
335 kapteenin uusi nimi voisi olla the sage tai pelkk sage. 
336 coinspiracies are fun and interesting. 
336 you think they are smart enough have created bitcoin doubt but its not impossible. 
337 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
337 did taint check blockchain. 
337 info and they have trace old coins. 
338 from axa march pmquote from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
338 did taint check blockchain. 
338 info and they have trace old coins. 
338 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
338 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
338 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
338 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin good day give the address deposited coins how would you find out which bitcoins got when withdraw what address withdraw when there link old coins the taint analysis blockchain. 
338 would better deposit today and withdraw tomorrow hide that forum thread very short. 
338 but one saying blenders are stealing bitcoins some services are known scams and this one did not steak bitcoin. 
339 onko iso homma hinnan laitto bitcoineina mul. 
339 bitcoinia paljon sill. 
340 need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
340 can someone please point the correct direction. 
340 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
340 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
340 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
341 from jacobs crackers march ami need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
341 can someone please point the correct direction. 
341 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
341 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
341 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
341 thanksdonation address signature. 
341 since have not seen the best answer posted above will give. 
341 the absolute best way use those unsafe plugins like javascript java and flash follows. 
341 you must use separate machines. 
341 the first machine has other way connecting the internet other than through the second machine preferrably running whonix gateway. 
341 you can also run virtual machine machine for added layer which any exploits malware would need break out first before they can access execute any type code your host operating system. 
341 this point even they are able phone home from your host operating system machine they are not able outside the internet connection from machine running the gateway. 
341 therefore any attempt phoning home will still have through tor. 
341 and long you did not something stupid like use your real name machine leave any identifying information there should identifying information transmitted. 
341 one the possible easier solutions for this called raspberry which runs separate computer gateway through routes all your internet traffic and now there company selling something called onion which has been set specifically route all your traffic through tor and the itself mini computer that acts gateway. 
341 com products thank you. 
342 you should really careful using javascript altogether from what understand. 
342 but you choose use whonix believe the whonix developers recommend using physical gateway and workstation rather than using two virtual machines. 
342 org wiki main pagehowever would imagine there should another option other than using javascript all. 
342 javascript flash iframe well some other plugins really arent recommended you are attempting stay anonymous whether you are using virtualization technology not. 
342 certainly using whonix would your best option has been mentioned but javascript truly should avoided altogether whenever possible even technology itself has its flaws and well. 
342 perhaps there another option using javascript altogether why you feel absolutely necessary use javascript your situation. 
343 thanks everyone for welcoming don't check this place enough and will looking change this. 
344 shit they have. 
344 huh thought they were decent organization. 
344 ill avoid them though. 
344 you got this one. 
345 joo itekki oon yritt googlailla kyselly psc. 
345 mutta vihdoin ysin jonkunlaisen ohjeen thorlaudalta mutta rahasta muihin kuluihin. 
346 from shitstormy march pmbitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
346 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
346 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
346 coinjoin mixers like shared coin and the planned dark wallet are not completely anonymous like bitcoin fog. 
346 they not guarantee zero percent taint. 
346 info discontinued send shared bitcoin fog seems the most trusted traditional mixing service. 
346 darkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
347 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
347 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
348 hopefully does last. 
348 but with all the competition between dark markets and paid trolls more dos attacks could the way. 
349 kapteenista voisi tulla the arbiter tai lightbringer. 
350 yksin tunnetuimpia luotettavimpia kuljetus. 
351 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
351 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
351 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
351 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
351 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
351 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
351 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
351 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
351 very secure and anonymous though. 
352 ehk olet henkil nkaltaista liikett jos ole edes kykenev keksim nime itsellesi kauppa alustalle jota johdat amber roadincense route kings highwayvia mit kansainv listymiseen tulee. 
352 its not worth. 
352 why draw the extra attention you can keep organized functional low profile staying domestic. 
353 tulee kuin liukuhihnalta. 
354 silkkitie kansainv vuonna uuden nimen keksimiseen ytt jien apua alla joidenkin nykyisten lopettaneiden nimi. 
354 outlaw marketthe russian anonymous marketplace black bank bitcoin pirate marketthe majestic market boardtor nine dark valliumred sun nexuscannabis goblin hares marketblack market reloadedutopia. 
355 the speakeasy eli vanha kunnon kieltolain aikainen salakapakka. 
356 nimi ehdotus project scandinavia. 
357 man like you got. 
357 was convinced that used them wallet for like while. 
357 anyway you mind think that the story campbx spreading near and far saw some new posts bitcointalk ill see you later later. 
358 yeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
358 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
358 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
358 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
358 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
358 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
358 the risk low. 
359 its legit its great idea. 
359 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
359 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
359 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
359 noobs need this sort thing. 
359 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
359 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
359 stop giving these guys hard time. 
359 noobs need these services. 
360 the safehouse sellasta tossa mietin. 
360 kapteenille nimeksi libertine. 
361 finnish drug barn tai ihan barn bluewhite barn vis rien. 
362 from justaman march pmsilk road. 
362 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
362 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
362 mielt kaikki mik silkroadiin hyi hyi. 
363 vendors like stay were they can access the biggest customer base which the moment and agora. 
363 there are some good new markets but they just dont have the traffic for vendors put the time logging them every day. 
363 ive been both tor and tor escow for over weeks and have only recieved one sale each. 
364 bitcoin the worst nigthmare for the nwo just don understand why they hadn banned yet. 
365 from jules winnfield march ami think its only slow paced because the beginning forums trashed saying was scam site. 
365 bsm not having forum has saved from shills because they have nowhere scare customers off either which great. 
365 dont think there even reddit sub for. 
365 lets keep that way. 
365 hub sub forum fairly new there has not been flood shills here either. 
365 hub forums seem attract the nicest people. 
365 its still around and has proven its not scam site. 
365 there ever often wave buyers. 
365 agree the forums absolutely trashed bsm first. 
365 still never hear brought there. 
365 spreading the word people like. 
365 has been and running without much hiccup for months even its hayday couldnt say that. 
366 even btc they require trade maybe this good time for some quiality forgeries. 
367 joo itekki oon yritt googlailla kyselly psc. 
367 mutta vihdoin ysin jonkunlaisen ohjeen thorlaudalta mutta rahasta muihin kuluihin. 
368 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
368 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
369 from tub march pmdo you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage dont know not. 
369 would hope there are several. 
369 thekushlife little complicated get postage anonymously. 
369 you sound like you know what youre doing and applaid your efforts. 
369 bet youre not aware the complicated ways the post office and stamps. 
369 com track your computer from one account the other. 
369 its not simple clearing cookies and making fresh. 
369 these guys are almost advanced google when comes tracking people. 
369 even you are aware this not something most people can handle. 
369 consider issues some have with decrypting pgp messages using virtual machine. 
369 being anonymous isnt for everyone. 
369 are aware there are people who have made successful attempts buy postage anonymously their own for years. 
369 this quick turnaround service for those who want spend their bitcoin and receive guaranteed anonymous postage either with stamps tracking labels. 
369 soon will offering priority mail packaging and other shippings well. 
370 blackmailing for what exactly giving information party always concern but believe repeat business. 
370 your privacy and anonymity our utmost concern. 
370 zero records are saved. 
370 decided investigate are doing nothing wrong and would make sure our customer privacy kept confidential matter what. 
370 delete every shred. 
370 this the nature our business. 
370 otherwise would against our mission statement. 
370 the same concerns could brought with services like bitfog yet trusted all over the darkweb. 
370 manual orders can made with through pgp also. 
370 our business model has concern what youre doing with the stamps and shipping labels. 
370 perhaps you have business amazon and you want pay for shipping using bitcoin but they wont allow that. 
370 maybe youre previously suspended ebay seller who needs fresh start and fresh tracking labels for your shipments. 
370 maybe you dont want closed circuit you walk into post office and buy tons express mail stamps. 
370 remembered post office employees when asked. 
370 wish everyone the best luck their endeavors. 
370 please give chance earn your trust. 
371 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
371 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
371 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
371 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
371 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email bitmessage easy use and provides transparent encryption that touted equivalent bit rsa. 
371 there has never been independent security audit however which real sticking point. 
371 seems good way fly under the radar. 
371 for guide with screenshots how setup and use bitmessage you can visit. 
372 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
372 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
373 kapteenista voisi tulla the arbiter tai lightbringer. 
374 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
374 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
375 have the same issue only when try log with liberte. 
375 the captcha just fails load every time. 
376 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
376 did taint check blockchain. 
376 info and they have trace old coins. 
377 from axa march pmquote from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
377 did taint check blockchain. 
377 info and they have trace old coins. 
377 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
377 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
377 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
377 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin good day give the address deposited coins how would you find out which bitcoins got when withdraw what address withdraw when there link old coins the taint analysis blockchain. 
377 would better deposit today and withdraw tomorrow hide that forum thread very short. 
377 but one saying blenders are stealing bitcoins some services are known scams and this one did not steak bitcoin. 
378 man like you got. 
378 was convinced that used them wallet for like while. 
378 anyway you mind think that the story campbx spreading near and far saw some new posts bitcointalk ill see you later later. 
379 safepostage its good idea. 
379 just not for vendors. 
379 you are not then you will huge target for. 
379 your database would hold all the info that everyone has been working hard encrypt. 
380 any vendors future vendors who are having trouble shipping anonymously please just. 
380 will actually teach you how print labels with tracking. 
380 wont charge you for the info either. 
380 but for fucks sake. 
380 dont pay party and risk your customers privacy. 
381 from evilgrin march its legit its great idea. 
381 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
381 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
381 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
381 noobs need this sort thing. 
381 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
381 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
381 stop giving these guys hard time. 
381 noobs need these services. 
381 lets say they are legit. 
381 now all these noob vendors can use these services. 
381 what happens safepostage decides start blackmailing people and when pops them not just trying asshole. 
381 trying help the community. 
382 currency that would really only used launder other currencies. 
383 silkkitie kansainv vuonna uuden nimen keksimiseen ytt jien apua alla joidenkin nykyisten lopettaneiden nimi. 
383 outlaw marketthe russian anonymous marketplace black bank bitcoin pirate marketthe majestic market boardtor nine dark valliumred sun nexuscannabis goblin hares marketblack market reloadedutopia. 
384 kapteenin uusi nimi voisi olla the sage tai pelkk sage. 
385 tulee kuin liukuhihnalta. 
386 yksin tunnetuimpia luotettavimpia kuljetus. 
387 think its only slow paced because the beginning forums trashed saying was scam site. 
387 bsm not having forum has saved from shills because they have nowhere scare customers off either which great. 
387 dont think there even reddit sub for. 
387 lets keep that way. 
387 hub sub forum fairly new there has not been flood shills here either. 
387 hub forums seem attract the nicest people. 
387 its still around and has proven its not scam site. 
387 there ever often wave buyers. 
388 from jules winnfield march ami think its only slow paced because the beginning forums trashed saying was scam site. 
388 bsm not having forum has saved from shills because they have nowhere scare customers off either which great. 
388 dont think there even reddit sub for. 
388 lets keep that way. 
388 hub sub forum fairly new there has not been flood shills here either. 
388 hub forums seem attract the nicest people. 
388 its still around and has proven its not scam site. 
388 there ever often wave buyers. 
388 agree the forums absolutely trashed bsm first. 
388 still never hear brought there. 
388 spreading the word people like. 
388 has been and running without much hiccup for months even its hayday couldnt say that. 
389 have the same issue only when try log with liberte. 
389 the captcha just fails load every time. 
390 coinspiracies are fun and interesting. 
390 you think they are smart enough have created bitcoin doubt but its not impossible. 
391 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
391 did taint check blockchain. 
391 info and they have trace old coins. 
392 man like you got. 
392 was convinced that used them wallet for like while. 
392 anyway you mind think that the story campbx spreading near and far saw some new posts bitcointalk ill see you later later. 
393 from axa march pmquote from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
393 did taint check blockchain. 
393 info and they have trace old coins. 
393 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
393 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
393 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
393 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin good day give the address deposited coins how would you find out which bitcoins got when withdraw what address withdraw when there link old coins the taint analysis blockchain. 
393 would better deposit today and withdraw tomorrow hide that forum thread very short. 
393 but one saying blenders are stealing bitcoins some services are known scams and this one did not steak bitcoin. 
394 thats really great market. 
395 hei mietin ett voisi olla hyv jos jostain asetuksista saisi valita bitcoinejen sijasta mbtc joka ainakin minun mielest jotenkin selke mpi. 
396 from justaman march pmsilk road. 
396 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
396 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
396 mielt kaikki mik silkroadiin hyi hyi. 
397 from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
397 did taint check blockchain. 
397 info and they have trace old coins. 
397 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
397 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
397 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
397 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin. 
398 yeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
398 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
398 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
398 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
398 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
398 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
398 the risk low. 
399 its legit its great idea. 
399 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
399 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
399 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
399 noobs need this sort thing. 
399 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
399 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
399 stop giving these guys hard time. 
399 noobs need these services. 
400 need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
400 can someone please point the correct direction. 
400 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
400 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
400 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
401 from jacobs crackers march ami need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
401 can someone please point the correct direction. 
401 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
401 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
401 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
401 thanksdonation address signature. 
401 since have not seen the best answer posted above will give. 
401 the absolute best way use those unsafe plugins like javascript java and flash follows. 
401 you must use separate machines. 
401 the first machine has other way connecting the internet other than through the second machine preferrably running whonix gateway. 
401 you can also run virtual machine machine for added layer which any exploits malware would need break out first before they can access execute any type code your host operating system. 
401 this point even they are able phone home from your host operating system machine they are not able outside the internet connection from machine running the gateway. 
401 therefore any attempt phoning home will still have through tor. 
401 and long you did not something stupid like use your real name machine leave any identifying information there should identifying information transmitted. 
401 one the possible easier solutions for this called raspberry which runs separate computer gateway through routes all your internet traffic and now there company selling something called onion which has been set specifically route all your traffic through tor and the itself mini computer that acts gateway. 
401 com products thank you. 
402 you should really careful using javascript altogether from what understand. 
402 but you choose use whonix believe the whonix developers recommend using physical gateway and workstation rather than using two virtual machines. 
402 org wiki main pagehowever would imagine there should another option other than using javascript all. 
402 javascript flash iframe well some other plugins really arent recommended you are attempting stay anonymous whether you are using virtualization technology not. 
402 certainly using whonix would your best option has been mentioned but javascript truly should avoided altogether whenever possible even technology itself has its flaws and well. 
402 perhaps there another option using javascript altogether why you feel absolutely necessary use javascript your situation. 
403 the safehouse sellasta tossa mietin. 
403 kapteenille nimeksi libertine. 
404 nimi ehdotus project scandinavia. 
405 finnish drug barn tai ihan barn bluewhite barn vis rien. 
406 hello currently have vendors. 
407 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
407 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
407 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
407 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
407 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email bitmessage easy use and provides transparent encryption that touted equivalent bit rsa. 
407 there has never been independent security audit however which real sticking point. 
407 seems good way fly under the radar. 
407 for guide with screenshots how setup and use bitmessage you can visit. 
408 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
408 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
409 even btc they require trade maybe this good time for some quiality forgeries. 
410 thanks everyone for welcoming don't check this place enough and will looking change this. 
411 the speakeasy eli vanha kunnon kieltolain aikainen salakapakka. 
412 ehk olet henkil nkaltaista liikett jos ole edes kykenev keksim nime itsellesi kauppa alustalle jota johdat amber roadincense route kings highwayvia mit kansainv listymiseen tulee. 
412 its not worth. 
412 why draw the extra attention you can keep organized functional low profile staying domestic. 
413 have the same issue only when try log with liberte. 
413 the captcha just fails load every time. 
414 physical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
415 from jacobs crackers march amcan someone please point the correct direction. 
415 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
415 thats the best solution. 
416 thats really great market. 
417 from evilgrin march its legit its great idea. 
417 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
417 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
417 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
417 noobs need this sort thing. 
417 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
417 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
417 stop giving these guys hard time. 
417 noobs need these services. 
417 lets say they are legit. 
417 now all these noob vendors can use these services. 
417 what happens safepostage decides start blackmailing people and when pops them not just trying asshole. 
417 trying help the community. 
418 any vendors future vendors who are having trouble shipping anonymously please just. 
418 will actually teach you how print labels with tracking. 
418 wont charge you for the info either. 
418 but for fucks sake. 
418 dont pay party and risk your customers privacy. 
419 safepostage its good idea. 
419 just not for vendors. 
419 you are not then you will huge target for. 
419 your database would hold all the info that everyone has been working hard encrypt. 
420 currency that would really only used launder other currencies. 
421 think its only slow paced because the beginning forums trashed saying was scam site. 
421 bsm not having forum has saved from shills because they have nowhere scare customers off either which great. 
421 dont think there even reddit sub for. 
421 lets keep that way. 
421 hub sub forum fairly new there has not been flood shills here either. 
421 hub forums seem attract the nicest people. 
421 its still around and has proven its not scam site. 
421 there ever often wave buyers. 
422 from tub march pmdo you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage dont know not. 
422 would hope there are several. 
422 thekushlife little complicated get postage anonymously. 
422 you sound like you know what youre doing and applaid your efforts. 
422 bet youre not aware the complicated ways the post office and stamps. 
422 com track your computer from one account the other. 
422 its not simple clearing cookies and making fresh. 
422 these guys are almost advanced google when comes tracking people. 
422 even you are aware this not something most people can handle. 
422 consider issues some have with decrypting pgp messages using virtual machine. 
422 being anonymous isnt for everyone. 
422 are aware there are people who have made successful attempts buy postage anonymously their own for years. 
422 this quick turnaround service for those who want spend their bitcoin and receive guaranteed anonymous postage either with stamps tracking labels. 
422 soon will offering priority mail packaging and other shippings well. 
423 blackmailing for what exactly giving information party always concern but believe repeat business. 
423 your privacy and anonymity our utmost concern. 
423 zero records are saved. 
423 decided investigate are doing nothing wrong and would make sure our customer privacy kept confidential matter what. 
423 delete every shred. 
423 this the nature our business. 
423 otherwise would against our mission statement. 
423 the same concerns could brought with services like bitfog yet trusted all over the darkweb. 
423 manual orders can made with through pgp also. 
423 our business model has concern what youre doing with the stamps and shipping labels. 
423 perhaps you have business amazon and you want pay for shipping using bitcoin but they wont allow that. 
423 maybe youre previously suspended ebay seller who needs fresh start and fresh tracking labels for your shipments. 
423 maybe you dont want closed circuit you walk into post office and buy tons express mail stamps. 
423 remembered post office employees when asked. 
423 wish everyone the best luck their endeavors. 
423 please give chance earn your trust. 
424 bitcoin the worst nigthmare for the nwo just don understand why they hadn banned yet. 
425 kapteenin uusi nimi voisi olla the sage tai pelkk sage. 
426 coinspiracies are fun and interesting. 
426 you think they are smart enough have created bitcoin doubt but its not impossible. 
427 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
427 did taint check blockchain. 
427 info and they have trace old coins. 
428 from axa march pmquote from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
428 did taint check blockchain. 
428 info and they have trace old coins. 
428 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
428 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
428 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
428 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin good day give the address deposited coins how would you find out which bitcoins got when withdraw what address withdraw when there link old coins the taint analysis blockchain. 
428 would better deposit today and withdraw tomorrow hide that forum thread very short. 
428 but one saying blenders are stealing bitcoins some services are known scams and this one did not steak bitcoin. 
429 onko iso homma hinnan laitto bitcoineina mul. 
429 bitcoinia paljon sill. 
430 need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
430 can someone please point the correct direction. 
430 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
430 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
430 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
431 from jacobs crackers march ami need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
431 can someone please point the correct direction. 
431 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
431 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
431 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
431 thanksdonation address signature. 
431 since have not seen the best answer posted above will give. 
431 the absolute best way use those unsafe plugins like javascript java and flash follows. 
431 you must use separate machines. 
431 the first machine has other way connecting the internet other than through the second machine preferrably running whonix gateway. 
431 you can also run virtual machine machine for added layer which any exploits malware would need break out first before they can access execute any type code your host operating system. 
431 this point even they are able phone home from your host operating system machine they are not able outside the internet connection from machine running the gateway. 
431 therefore any attempt phoning home will still have through tor. 
431 and long you did not something stupid like use your real name machine leave any identifying information there should identifying information transmitted. 
431 one the possible easier solutions for this called raspberry which runs separate computer gateway through routes all your internet traffic and now there company selling something called onion which has been set specifically route all your traffic through tor and the itself mini computer that acts gateway. 
431 com products thank you. 
432 you should really careful using javascript altogether from what understand. 
432 but you choose use whonix believe the whonix developers recommend using physical gateway and workstation rather than using two virtual machines. 
432 org wiki main pagehowever would imagine there should another option other than using javascript all. 
432 javascript flash iframe well some other plugins really arent recommended you are attempting stay anonymous whether you are using virtualization technology not. 
432 certainly using whonix would your best option has been mentioned but javascript truly should avoided altogether whenever possible even technology itself has its flaws and well. 
432 perhaps there another option using javascript altogether why you feel absolutely necessary use javascript your situation. 
433 thanks everyone for welcoming don't check this place enough and will looking change this. 
434 shit they have. 
434 huh thought they were decent organization. 
434 ill avoid them though. 
434 you got this one. 
435 joo itekki oon yritt googlailla kyselly psc. 
435 mutta vihdoin ysin jonkunlaisen ohjeen thorlaudalta mutta rahasta muihin kuluihin. 
436 from shitstormy march pmbitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
436 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
436 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
436 coinjoin mixers like shared coin and the planned dark wallet are not completely anonymous like bitcoin fog. 
436 they not guarantee zero percent taint. 
436 info discontinued send shared bitcoin fog seems the most trusted traditional mixing service. 
436 darkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
437 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
437 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
438 hopefully does last. 
438 but with all the competition between dark markets and paid trolls more dos attacks could the way. 
439 kapteenista voisi tulla the arbiter tai lightbringer. 
440 yksin tunnetuimpia luotettavimpia kuljetus. 
441 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
441 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
441 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
441 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
441 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
441 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
441 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
441 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
441 very secure and anonymous though. 
442 ehk olet henkil nkaltaista liikett jos ole edes kykenev keksim nime itsellesi kauppa alustalle jota johdat amber roadincense route kings highwayvia mit kansainv listymiseen tulee. 
442 its not worth. 
442 why draw the extra attention you can keep organized functional low profile staying domestic. 
443 tulee kuin liukuhihnalta. 
444 silkkitie kansainv vuonna uuden nimen keksimiseen ytt jien apua alla joidenkin nykyisten lopettaneiden nimi. 
444 outlaw marketthe russian anonymous marketplace black bank bitcoin pirate marketthe majestic market boardtor nine dark valliumred sun nexuscannabis goblin hares marketblack market reloadedutopia. 
445 the speakeasy eli vanha kunnon kieltolain aikainen salakapakka. 
446 nimi ehdotus project scandinavia. 
447 man like you got. 
447 was convinced that used them wallet for like while. 
447 anyway you mind think that the story campbx spreading near and far saw some new posts bitcointalk ill see you later later. 
448 yeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
448 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
448 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
448 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
448 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
448 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
448 the risk low. 
449 its legit its great idea. 
449 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
449 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
449 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
449 noobs need this sort thing. 
449 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
449 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
449 stop giving these guys hard time. 
449 noobs need these services. 
450 the safehouse sellasta tossa mietin. 
450 kapteenille nimeksi libertine. 
451 finnish drug barn tai ihan barn bluewhite barn vis rien. 
452 from justaman march pmsilk road. 
452 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
452 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
452 mielt kaikki mik silkroadiin hyi hyi. 
453 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
453 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
454 from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
454 did taint check blockchain. 
454 info and they have trace old coins. 
454 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
454 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
454 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
454 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin. 
455 vendors like stay were they can access the biggest customer base which the moment and agora. 
455 there are some good new markets but they just dont have the traffic for vendors put the time logging them every day. 
455 ive been both tor and tor escow for over weeks and have only recieved one sale each. 
456 take snapshot your whonix workstation before you start. 
456 enable javascript whatever you need. 
456 when youre done revert the snapshot whonix workstation its previous backup. 
456 obviously anything you saved the whonix workstation will gone after you restore you need save something use shared folder make other arrangements. 
456 not perfect because anything that manages break out the whonix workstation and into virtualbox could still persist but thats probably the safest easy way. 
457 hello currently have vendors. 
458 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
458 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
458 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
458 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
458 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email bitmessage easy use and provides transparent encryption that touted equivalent bit rsa. 
458 there has never been independent security audit however which real sticking point. 
458 seems good way fly under the radar. 
458 for guide with screenshots how setup and use bitmessage you can visit. 
459 bitcoin the worst nigthmare for the nwo just don understand why they hadn banned yet. 
460 kapteenin uusi nimi voisi olla the sage tai pelkk sage. 
461 coinspiracies are fun and interesting. 
461 you think they are smart enough have created bitcoin doubt but its not impossible. 
462 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
462 did taint check blockchain. 
462 info and they have trace old coins. 
463 from axa march pmquote from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
463 did taint check blockchain. 
463 info and they have trace old coins. 
463 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
463 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
463 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
463 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin good day give the address deposited coins how would you find out which bitcoins got when withdraw what address withdraw when there link old coins the taint analysis blockchain. 
463 would better deposit today and withdraw tomorrow hide that forum thread very short. 
463 but one saying blenders are stealing bitcoins some services are known scams and this one did not steak bitcoin. 
464 onko iso homma hinnan laitto bitcoineina mul. 
464 bitcoinia paljon sill. 
465 need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
465 can someone please point the correct direction. 
465 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
465 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
465 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
466 from jacobs crackers march ami need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
466 can someone please point the correct direction. 
466 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
466 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
466 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
466 thanksdonation address signature. 
466 since have not seen the best answer posted above will give. 
466 the absolute best way use those unsafe plugins like javascript java and flash follows. 
466 you must use separate machines. 
466 the first machine has other way connecting the internet other than through the second machine preferrably running whonix gateway. 
466 you can also run virtual machine machine for added layer which any exploits malware would need break out first before they can access execute any type code your host operating system. 
466 this point even they are able phone home from your host operating system machine they are not able outside the internet connection from machine running the gateway. 
466 therefore any attempt phoning home will still have through tor. 
466 and long you did not something stupid like use your real name machine leave any identifying information there should identifying information transmitted. 
466 one the possible easier solutions for this called raspberry which runs separate computer gateway through routes all your internet traffic and now there company selling something called onion which has been set specifically route all your traffic through tor and the itself mini computer that acts gateway. 
466 com products thank you. 
467 you should really careful using javascript altogether from what understand. 
467 but you choose use whonix believe the whonix developers recommend using physical gateway and workstation rather than using two virtual machines. 
467 org wiki main pagehowever would imagine there should another option other than using javascript all. 
467 javascript flash iframe well some other plugins really arent recommended you are attempting stay anonymous whether you are using virtualization technology not. 
467 certainly using whonix would your best option has been mentioned but javascript truly should avoided altogether whenever possible even technology itself has its flaws and well. 
467 perhaps there another option using javascript altogether why you feel absolutely necessary use javascript your situation. 
468 thanks everyone for welcoming don't check this place enough and will looking change this. 
469 shit they have. 
469 huh thought they were decent organization. 
469 ill avoid them though. 
469 you got this one. 
470 joo itekki oon yritt googlailla kyselly psc. 
470 mutta vihdoin ysin jonkunlaisen ohjeen thorlaudalta mutta rahasta muihin kuluihin. 
471 from shitstormy march pmbitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
471 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
471 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
471 coinjoin mixers like shared coin and the planned dark wallet are not completely anonymous like bitcoin fog. 
471 they not guarantee zero percent taint. 
471 info discontinued send shared bitcoin fog seems the most trusted traditional mixing service. 
471 darkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
472 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
472 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
473 hopefully does last. 
473 but with all the competition between dark markets and paid trolls more dos attacks could the way. 
474 kapteenista voisi tulla the arbiter tai lightbringer. 
475 yksin tunnetuimpia luotettavimpia kuljetus. 
476 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
476 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
476 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
476 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
476 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
476 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
476 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
476 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
476 very secure and anonymous though. 
477 ehk olet henkil nkaltaista liikett jos ole edes kykenev keksim nime itsellesi kauppa alustalle jota johdat amber roadincense route kings highwayvia mit kansainv listymiseen tulee. 
477 its not worth. 
477 why draw the extra attention you can keep organized functional low profile staying domestic. 
478 tulee kuin liukuhihnalta. 
479 silkkitie kansainv vuonna uuden nimen keksimiseen ytt jien apua alla joidenkin nykyisten lopettaneiden nimi. 
479 outlaw marketthe russian anonymous marketplace black bank bitcoin pirate marketthe majestic market boardtor nine dark valliumred sun nexuscannabis goblin hares marketblack market reloadedutopia. 
480 the speakeasy eli vanha kunnon kieltolain aikainen salakapakka. 
481 nimi ehdotus project scandinavia. 
482 man like you got. 
482 was convinced that used them wallet for like while. 
482 anyway you mind think that the story campbx spreading near and far saw some new posts bitcointalk ill see you later later. 
483 yeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
483 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
483 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
483 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
483 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
483 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
483 the risk low. 
484 its legit its great idea. 
484 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
484 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
484 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
484 noobs need this sort thing. 
484 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
484 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
484 stop giving these guys hard time. 
484 noobs need these services. 
485 the safehouse sellasta tossa mietin. 
485 kapteenille nimeksi libertine. 
486 finnish drug barn tai ihan barn bluewhite barn vis rien. 
487 from justaman march pmsilk road. 
487 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
487 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
487 mielt kaikki mik silkroadiin hyi hyi. 
488 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
488 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
489 from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
489 did taint check blockchain. 
489 info and they have trace old coins. 
489 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
489 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
489 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
489 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin. 
490 vendors like stay were they can access the biggest customer base which the moment and agora. 
490 there are some good new markets but they just dont have the traffic for vendors put the time logging them every day. 
490 ive been both tor and tor escow for over weeks and have only recieved one sale each. 
491 take snapshot your whonix workstation before you start. 
491 enable javascript whatever you need. 
491 when youre done revert the snapshot whonix workstation its previous backup. 
491 obviously anything you saved the whonix workstation will gone after you restore you need save something use shared folder make other arrangements. 
491 not perfect because anything that manages break out the whonix workstation and into virtualbox could still persist but thats probably the safest easy way. 
492 hello currently have vendors. 
493 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
493 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
493 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
493 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
493 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email bitmessage easy use and provides transparent encryption that touted equivalent bit rsa. 
493 there has never been independent security audit however which real sticking point. 
493 seems good way fly under the radar. 
493 for guide with screenshots how setup and use bitmessage you can visit. 
494 from safepostage march ami agree. 
494 were also making people sign with account. 
494 theres record who bought what. 
494 just email address send shipping label. 
494 can different each time dont care. 
494 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
494 but course would say that. 
494 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
494 gotta lay off the drugs. 
494 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
494 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
494 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
494 all favor and dont lol. 
495 from jolly roger march amthank you. 
495 please personally wouldnt charge you for the same information. 
495 this community should both free and opensource. 
495 always try search for your answers before ever paying for them. 
495 and never forget there are also some other really great places out there get some really great free and accurate security advice well. 
495 wilders security forums one such place. 
495 com well the superuser forums. 
495 comive also always enjoyed reading bruce schneiners blog well. 
495 found this page particularly interesting. 
495 granted article from october last year but its still some pretty amazing technology tor users are against out there how the nsa attacks tor firefox users with quantum and foxacid. 
495 com blog archives how the nsa att. 
495 htmlsorry for bringing this slightly off topic but personally feel advice should free the internet. 
496 from firelight march amphysical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
496 never forget you can always just root cheap android smartphone run debian linux. 
496 just use raspberry physical gateway was mentioned. 
496 there not always need buy two computers laptops create physical gateway. 
496 and truly far safer well recommended the whonix developers themselves rather than using two virtual machines. 
496 all the information you need the whonix website listed above. 
497 also agree that axas guide secure email providers one the most complete have seen the internet. 
497 good job axa just sure your research before placing trust any email provider individual rules well data retention laws and other such factors vary between providers and countries well. 
497 and always use gpg regardless. 
498 well from what can gather looking more and more like agora has run its race. 
498 say this with great dissapointment. 
498 not just because more lost vendor bonds and such. 
498 but ther fuck all else left. 
498 thank god deepify has the answer. 
498 all have got for the last hours this. 
498 iceweasel cant find the file. 
498 its not its server. 
499 well these last months have cetainly felt like years worth drama. 
500 drugheavenco tai pelkk drugheaven. 
500 tai uusi nimimerkki officer. 
501 its interesting the whole group think thing. 
501 mean you have all these buyers who crowd one market and then they wonder why that market runs away with their funds. 
501 maybe million bucks just too much temptation. 
501 think the markets ought work together some way spread the load. 
501 maybe that stupid idea dont really know. 
501 know the markets want make all the money but having one place just silly really. 
501 still think back backopy and bmr and why wanted shutdown. 
501 without more markets spread load and action then just too risky. 
501 understand about having check bunch sites everyday and orders whatever. 
501 only many hours guess. 
502 great hear your agoria you were reg vendor last year everything allways top notch. 
503 you are not talking about darkwallet but about new alt coin called darkcoin cause never heard. 
504 how does work. 
504 advertise the pirate market somewhere. 
504 create image and upload anony. 
504 send private message with your username the pirate market image link and link the advertisment. 
504 does somewhere mean online not both. 
505 you start learning today you might good enough make market two four years. 
505 but you also need learn how secure server more like years you are starting from what essentially nothing. 
505 its great plan start learning these things but dont read php for dummies and then run out and host market you set windows server over rdp. 
506 just thought post link avids thread here. 
507 god damnit this shit making mad. 
507 all ask for life one god damn site thats open more than months time. 
508 beyond aggravating when you cant even logged long enough answer messages and customer support. 
508 ughh loving this market too hope they fix this and soon. 
509 worked early for. 
509 havent seen since. 
510 from quirk march ami dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
510 agree just because pain use not because any defects susimail bote. 
511 from evilgrin march pmyeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
511 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
511 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
511 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
511 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
511 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
511 the risk low. 
511 were also making people sign with account. 
511 theres record who bought what. 
511 just email address send shipping label. 
511 can different each time dont care. 
511 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
511 but course would say that. 
512 from jeesus march amlaitas linkki eijaksa sin siihen joskus sitte eik kiinnostas ehtii mutta jos siihen niin. 
513 from evilgrin march amquote from safepostage march ami agree. 
513 were also making people sign with account. 
513 theres record who bought what. 
513 just email address send shipping label. 
513 can different each time dont care. 
513 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
513 but course would say that. 
513 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
513 gotta lay off the drugs. 
513 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
513 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
513 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
513 all favor and dont lol. 
513 yes email the label you can print can also mail the label postage whatever you want. 
513 typically just email the pdf jpeg the shipping label upload email you can download then you print out and attach your package. 
514 subbing for one the best vendors. 
515 bitcoin could not possibly because runs counter everything the control freakish elites and the nwo stand for. 
515 neither btc not gold and silver fulfill that role. 
516 tuosta doctor whosta tuli mieleen ett tardis tai sitten joku. 
517 vaikka land hope tai realm hope hope sanan tilalle mahollisesti dreamstoivoa paremmasta kansalle siisja yll pit voisi olla vaikka the protector tai overseer joo oikeen irtoo nyt pit jotain mietti joskus jos. 
518 seems like agora does not have any support same over here different support tickets over the last weeks with answer. 
519 have not been able successfully use blockchain from tails can create account but when log the username and password fields never load. 
519 this issue with javascript something maybe someone could tell how adjust settings allow this. 
520 dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
521 not disputing the fact that physical isolation the most secure merely bringing the fact that different people have different threat models. 
521 you know theres non zero chance that you might get shot any time but you dont wear bullet proof vest all the time. 
521 think about why. 
521 whonix probably good enough visit the site that talking about and its free and can deployed under half hour. 
521 theres not much point debating this any further. 
522 ill check out. 
523 anywhere the clearnet too what create pic and upload avatar every post make any forums. 
523 that would new advertisement everytime and youre willing pay. 
523 btc for every post make youve got kidding. 
523 not game the math just doesnt add see sense this but look forward hear from you. 
524 tipulla kyll hyvi pointteja. 
524 miksei olemassa oleva kauppa riit aina kun jokin asia vaikeammin hallittavissa virhealttius mit isompi bisnes sit enemm ker huomiota kateellisilta virkavallalta. 
524 valitettavasti isomman bisneksen tulee aina isommat voitot mik hieman voittamattoman olotilan. 
526 these are the packets that make the ops orginal key public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet georgie boy. 
526 net signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits contrast here are your packets. 
526 public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet muddy boots fakestreet safe mail. 
526 net signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key acc data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key acc data bits eventually think rsa going phased out the perfected asymmetric algorithm fol gecc readily doing real time with wides pread support. 
527 good feeling about your and only post blowing outlawmarket completion. 
527 still itd nice havin nothr market round here. 
528 and its gone. 
528 this time anyways. 
529 the site looks nice easy sign skulls etc. 
529 dont you think there should more skulls. 
530 dont see much point getting darkcoins unless you can use them buy something expect the value. 
530 the fact that they will use coinjoin default isnt too important when you can use coinjoin with bitcoins and there are lot more people mix your coins with. 
531 from jolly roger march amthank you. 
531 please personally wouldnt charge you for the same information. 
531 this community should both free and opensource. 
531 always try search for your answers before ever paying for them. 
531 and never forget there are also some other really great places out there get some really great free and accurate security advice well. 
531 wilders security forums one such place. 
531 com well the superuser forums. 
531 comive also always enjoyed reading bruce schneiners blog well. 
531 found this page particularly interesting. 
531 granted article from october last year but its still some pretty amazing technology tor users are against out there how the nsa attacks tor firefox users with quantum and foxacid. 
531 com blog archives how the nsa att. 
531 htmlsorry for bringing this slightly off topic but personally feel advice should free the internet. 
532 god damnit this shit making mad. 
532 all ask for life one god damn site thats open more than months time. 
533 from firelight march amphysical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
533 never forget you can always just root cheap android smartphone run debian linux. 
533 just use raspberry physical gateway was mentioned. 
533 there not always need buy two computers laptops create physical gateway. 
533 and truly far safer well recommended the whonix developers themselves rather than using two virtual machines. 
533 all the information you need the whonix website listed above. 
534 subbing for one the best vendors. 
535 havent any luck with trying setup new account well just replies. 
535 but weve moved onto other markets since. 
536 there are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
536 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
536 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
538 have not been able successfully use blockchain from tails can create account but when log the username and password fields never load. 
538 this issue with javascript something maybe someone could tell how adjust settings allow this. 
539 gone for too. 
540 just thought post link avids thread here. 
541 seems like agora does not have any support same over here different support tickets over the last weeks with answer. 
542 worked early for. 
542 havent seen since. 
543 from quirk march ami dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
543 agree just because pain use not because any defects susimail bote. 
544 from jeesus march amlaitas linkki eijaksa sin siihen joskus sitte eik kiinnostas ehtii mutta jos siihen niin. 
545 wish had good source for domestic fake and youd need ssn too. 
546 dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
547 from thekushlife march amive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
547 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
547 thanks been looking for good fog alternative well think ive lost coins from week ago. 
547 never showed and support since. 
547 think the downtime with agora all tied and smell something fishy there. 
547 ill try them and post review too. 
548 ive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
548 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
549 you are not talking about darkwallet but about new alt coin called darkcoin cause never heard. 
550 definately agree different people have diiferent threat models. 
550 and therefore buyers and sellers should act accordingly. 
551 great hear your agoria you were reg vendor last year everything allways top notch. 
552 thank you for your time owock all working order. 
552 one question purely out interest public key looks noticeably longer than ops that because using key size and isnt missing something. 
553 not disputing the fact that physical isolation the most secure merely bringing the fact that different people have different threat models. 
553 you know theres non zero chance that you might get shot any time but you dont wear bullet proof vest all the time. 
553 think about why. 
553 whonix probably good enough visit the site that talking about and its free and can deployed under half hour. 
553 theres not much point debating this any further. 
554 wish had good source for domestic fake and youd need ssn too. 
555 dont see much point getting darkcoins unless you can use them buy something expect the value. 
555 the fact that they will use coinjoin default isnt too important when you can use coinjoin with bitcoins and there are lot more people mix your coins with. 
556 from evilgrin march pmyeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
556 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
556 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
556 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
556 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
556 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
556 the risk low. 
556 were also making people sign with account. 
556 theres record who bought what. 
556 just email address send shipping label. 
556 can different each time dont care. 
556 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
556 but course would say that. 
557 from evilgrin march amquote from safepostage march ami agree. 
557 were also making people sign with account. 
557 theres record who bought what. 
557 just email address send shipping label. 
557 can different each time dont care. 
557 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
557 but course would say that. 
557 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
557 gotta lay off the drugs. 
557 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
557 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
557 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
557 all favor and dont lol. 
557 yes email the label you can print can also mail the label postage whatever you want. 
557 typically just email the pdf jpeg the shipping label upload email you can download then you print out and attach your package. 
558 bitcoin could not possibly because runs counter everything the control freakish elites and the nwo stand for. 
558 neither btc not gold and silver fulfill that role. 
560 seems like agora does not have any support same over here different support tickets over the last weeks with answer. 
561 dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
562 bluesky was scam. 
563 anywhere the clearnet too what create pic and upload avatar every post make any forums. 
563 that would new advertisement everytime and youre willing pay. 
563 btc for every post make youve got kidding. 
563 not game the math just doesnt add see sense this but look forward hear from you. 
564 from jolly roger march amthank you. 
564 please personally wouldnt charge you for the same information. 
564 this community should both free and opensource. 
564 always try search for your answers before ever paying for them. 
564 and never forget there are also some other really great places out there get some really great free and accurate security advice well. 
564 wilders security forums one such place. 
564 com well the superuser forums. 
564 comive also always enjoyed reading bruce schneiners blog well. 
564 found this page particularly interesting. 
564 granted article from october last year but its still some pretty amazing technology tor users are against out there how the nsa attacks tor firefox users with quantum and foxacid. 
564 com blog archives how the nsa att. 
564 htmlsorry for bringing this slightly off topic but personally feel advice should free the internet. 
565 from firelight march amphysical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
565 never forget you can always just root cheap android smartphone run debian linux. 
565 just use raspberry physical gateway was mentioned. 
565 there not always need buy two computers laptops create physical gateway. 
565 and truly far safer well recommended the whonix developers themselves rather than using two virtual machines. 
565 all the information you need the whonix website listed above. 
566 these are the packets that make the ops orginal key public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet georgie boy. 
566 net signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits contrast here are your packets. 
566 public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet muddy boots fakestreet safe mail. 
566 net signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key acc data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key acc data bits eventually think rsa going phased out the perfected asymmetric algorithm fol gecc readily doing real time with wides pread support. 
567 worked early for. 
567 havent seen since. 
568 from thekushlife march amive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
568 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
568 thanks been looking for good fog alternative well think ive lost coins from week ago. 
568 never showed and support since. 
568 think the downtime with agora all tied and smell something fishy there. 
568 ill try them and post review too. 
569 ive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
569 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
570 ill check out. 
571 from jeesus march amlaitas linkki eijaksa sin siihen joskus sitte eik kiinnostas ehtii mutta jos siihen niin. 
572 havent any luck with trying setup new account well just replies. 
572 but weve moved onto other markets since. 
573 there are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
573 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
573 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
574 tipulla kyll hyvi pointteja. 
574 miksei olemassa oleva kauppa riit aina kun jokin asia vaikeammin hallittavissa virhealttius mit isompi bisnes sit enemm ker huomiota kateellisilta virkavallalta. 
574 valitettavasti isomman bisneksen tulee aina isommat voitot mik hieman voittamattoman olotilan. 
575 from quirk march ami dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
575 agree just because pain use not because any defects susimail bote. 
576 from safepostage march ami agree. 
576 were also making people sign with account. 
576 theres record who bought what. 
576 just email address send shipping label. 
576 can different each time dont care. 
576 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
576 but course would say that. 
576 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
576 gotta lay off the drugs. 
576 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
576 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
576 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
576 all favor and dont lol. 
577 drugheavenco tai pelkk drugheaven. 
577 tai uusi nimimerkki officer. 
578 subbing for one the best vendors. 
579 well from what can gather looking more and more like agora has run its race. 
579 say this with great dissapointment. 
579 not just because more lost vendor bonds and such. 
579 but ther fuck all else left. 
579 thank god deepify has the answer. 
579 all have got for the last hours this. 
579 iceweasel cant find the file. 
579 its not its server. 
580 well these last months have cetainly felt like years worth drama. 
581 and its gone. 
581 this time anyways. 
582 how does work. 
582 advertise the pirate market somewhere. 
582 create image and upload anony. 
582 send private message with your username the pirate market image link and link the advertisment. 
582 does somewhere mean online not both. 
583 tuosta doctor whosta tuli mieleen ett tardis tai sitten joku. 
584 vaikka land hope tai realm hope hope sanan tilalle mahollisesti dreamstoivoa paremmasta kansalle siisja yll pit voisi olla vaikka the protector tai overseer joo oikeen irtoo nyt pit jotain mietti joskus jos. 
585 gone for too. 
586 from dancingbear march amblond wig fog taking very long time deposits and withdrawals there any other service way tumble coins that worth too would like know this used have confidence fog but the recent events make very nervous push any sizeable amount coin through their service. 
587 have not been able successfully use blockchain from tails can create account but when log the username and password fields never load. 
587 this issue with javascript something maybe someone could tell how adjust settings allow this. 
588 seems like agora does not have any support same over here different support tickets over the last weeks with answer. 
589 its interesting the whole group think thing. 
589 mean you have all these buyers who crowd one market and then they wonder why that market runs away with their funds. 
589 maybe million bucks just too much temptation. 
589 think the markets ought work together some way spread the load. 
589 maybe that stupid idea dont really know. 
589 know the markets want make all the money but having one place just silly really. 
589 still think back backopy and bmr and why wanted shutdown. 
589 without more markets spread load and action then just too risky. 
589 understand about having check bunch sites everyday and orders whatever. 
589 only many hours guess. 
590 and its gone. 
590 this time anyways. 
591 bluesky was scam. 
592 bitcoin could not possibly because runs counter everything the control freakish elites and the nwo stand for. 
592 neither btc not gold and silver fulfill that role. 
593 from jeesus march amlaitas linkki eijaksa sin siihen joskus sitte eik kiinnostas ehtii mutta jos siihen niin. 
594 beyond aggravating when you cant even logged long enough answer messages and customer support. 
594 ughh loving this market too hope they fix this and soon. 
595 from evilgrin march pmyeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
595 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
595 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
595 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
595 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
595 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
595 the risk low. 
595 were also making people sign with account. 
595 theres record who bought what. 
595 just email address send shipping label. 
595 can different each time dont care. 
595 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
595 but course would say that. 
596 from evilgrin march amquote from safepostage march ami agree. 
596 were also making people sign with account. 
596 theres record who bought what. 
596 just email address send shipping label. 
596 can different each time dont care. 
596 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
596 but course would say that. 
596 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
596 gotta lay off the drugs. 
596 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
596 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
596 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
596 all favor and dont lol. 
596 yes email the label you can print can also mail the label postage whatever you want. 
596 typically just email the pdf jpeg the shipping label upload email you can download then you print out and attach your package. 
597 you are not talking about darkwallet but about new alt coin called darkcoin cause never heard. 
598 vaikka land hope tai realm hope hope sanan tilalle mahollisesti dreamstoivoa paremmasta kansalle siisja yll pit voisi olla vaikka the protector tai overseer joo oikeen irtoo nyt pit jotain mietti joskus jos. 
599 havent any luck with trying setup new account well just replies. 
599 but weve moved onto other markets since. 
600 there are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
600 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
600 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
601 anywhere the clearnet too what create pic and upload avatar every post make any forums. 
601 that would new advertisement everytime and youre willing pay. 
601 btc for every post make youve got kidding. 
601 not game the math just doesnt add see sense this but look forward hear from you. 
602 ill check out. 
603 dont see much point getting darkcoins unless you can use them buy something expect the value. 
603 the fact that they will use coinjoin default isnt too important when you can use coinjoin with bitcoins and there are lot more people mix your coins with. 
604 tipulla kyll hyvi pointteja. 
604 miksei olemassa oleva kauppa riit aina kun jokin asia vaikeammin hallittavissa virhealttius mit isompi bisnes sit enemm ker huomiota kateellisilta virkavallalta. 
604 valitettavasti isomman bisneksen tulee aina isommat voitot mik hieman voittamattoman olotilan. 
605 wish had good source for domestic fake and youd need ssn too. 
606 wish had good source for domestic fake and youd need ssn too. 
607 bluesky was scam. 
609 ive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
609 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
610 from thekushlife march amive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
610 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
610 thanks been looking for good fog alternative well think ive lost coins from week ago. 
610 never showed and support since. 
610 think the downtime with agora all tied and smell something fishy there. 
610 ill try them and post review too. 
611 thank you for your time owock all working order. 
611 one question purely out interest public key looks noticeably longer than ops that because using key size and isnt missing something. 
612 havent any luck with trying setup new account well just replies. 
612 but weve moved onto other markets since. 
613 there are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
613 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
613 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
614 gone for too. 
615 definately agree different people have diiferent threat models. 
615 and therefore buyers and sellers should act accordingly. 
616 you contact with admins explains something more. 
616 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
617 from owockeznan march amthese are the packets that make the ops orginal key public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet georgie boy. 
617 net signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits contrast here are your packets. 
617 public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet muddy boots fakestreet safe mail. 
617 net signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key acc data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key acc data bits eventually think rsa going phased out the perfected asymmetric algorithm fol gecc readily doing real time with wides pread support. 
617 rsa probably going phased out eventually. 
617 whether ecc something else replaces remains seen. 
617 although ecc was seen the and coming technology given that was prompted heavily the nsa now makes suspect. 
617 know that least some the applications using ecc such random number generator rng had odd constants included part the standard likely the nsas insistence. 
617 another problem with ecc that many curves are currently under patent the. 
617 those are not likely find wide adoption that basis. 
618 from safepostage march ami agree. 
618 were also making people sign with account. 
618 theres record who bought what. 
618 just email address send shipping label. 
618 can different each time dont care. 
618 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
618 but course would say that. 
618 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
618 gotta lay off the drugs. 
618 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
618 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
618 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
618 all favor and dont lol. 
619 from jolly roger march amthank you. 
619 please personally wouldnt charge you for the same information. 
619 this community should both free and opensource. 
619 always try search for your answers before ever paying for them. 
619 and never forget there are also some other really great places out there get some really great free and accurate security advice well. 
619 wilders security forums one such place. 
619 com well the superuser forums. 
619 comive also always enjoyed reading bruce schneiners blog well. 
619 found this page particularly interesting. 
619 granted article from october last year but its still some pretty amazing technology tor users are against out there how the nsa attacks tor firefox users with quantum and foxacid. 
619 com blog archives how the nsa att. 
619 htmlsorry for bringing this slightly off topic but personally feel advice should free the internet. 
620 from firelight march amphysical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
620 never forget you can always just root cheap android smartphone run debian linux. 
620 just use raspberry physical gateway was mentioned. 
620 there not always need buy two computers laptops create physical gateway. 
620 and truly far safer well recommended the whonix developers themselves rather than using two virtual machines. 
620 all the information you need the whonix website listed above. 
621 also agree that axas guide secure email providers one the most complete have seen the internet. 
621 good job axa just sure your research before placing trust any email provider individual rules well data retention laws and other such factors vary between providers and countries well. 
621 and always use gpg regardless. 
622 well from what can gather looking more and more like agora has run its race. 
622 say this with great dissapointment. 
622 not just because more lost vendor bonds and such. 
622 but ther fuck all else left. 
622 thank god deepify has the answer. 
622 all have got for the last hours this. 
622 iceweasel cant find the file. 
622 its not its server. 
623 well these last months have cetainly felt like years worth drama. 
624 drugheavenco tai pelkk drugheaven. 
624 tai uusi nimimerkki officer. 
626 god damnit this shit making mad. 
626 all ask for life one god damn site thats open more than months time. 
627 just thought post link avids thread here. 
628 beyond aggravating when you cant even logged long enough answer messages and customer support. 
628 ughh loving this market too hope they fix this and soon. 
629 the site looks nice easy sign skulls etc. 
629 dont you think there should more skulls. 
630 good feeling about your and only post blowing outlawmarket completion. 
630 still itd nice havin nothr market round here. 
631 dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
632 definately agree different people have diiferent threat models. 
632 and therefore buyers and sellers should act accordingly. 
633 great hear your agoria you were reg vendor last year everything allways top notch. 
635 the site looks nice easy sign skulls etc. 
635 dont you think there should more skulls. 
636 thank you for your time owock all working order. 
636 one question purely out interest public key looks noticeably longer than ops that because using key size and isnt missing something. 
637 not disputing the fact that physical isolation the most secure merely bringing the fact that different people have different threat models. 
637 you know theres non zero chance that you might get shot any time but you dont wear bullet proof vest all the time. 
637 think about why. 
637 whonix probably good enough visit the site that talking about and its free and can deployed under half hour. 
637 theres not much point debating this any further. 
638 wish had good source for domestic fake and youd need ssn too. 
639 dont see much point getting darkcoins unless you can use them buy something expect the value. 
639 the fact that they will use coinjoin default isnt too important when you can use coinjoin with bitcoins and there are lot more people mix your coins with. 
640 from evilgrin march pmyeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
640 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
640 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
640 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
640 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
640 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
640 the risk low. 
640 were also making people sign with account. 
640 theres record who bought what. 
640 just email address send shipping label. 
640 can different each time dont care. 
640 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
640 but course would say that. 
641 from evilgrin march amquote from safepostage march ami agree. 
641 were also making people sign with account. 
641 theres record who bought what. 
641 just email address send shipping label. 
641 can different each time dont care. 
641 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
641 but course would say that. 
641 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
641 gotta lay off the drugs. 
641 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
641 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
641 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
641 all favor and dont lol. 
641 yes email the label you can print can also mail the label postage whatever you want. 
641 typically just email the pdf jpeg the shipping label upload email you can download then you print out and attach your package. 
642 bitcoin could not possibly because runs counter everything the control freakish elites and the nwo stand for. 
642 neither btc not gold and silver fulfill that role. 
644 seems like agora does not have any support same over here different support tickets over the last weeks with answer. 
645 dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
646 bluesky was scam. 
647 anywhere the clearnet too what create pic and upload avatar every post make any forums. 
647 that would new advertisement everytime and youre willing pay. 
647 btc for every post make youve got kidding. 
647 not game the math just doesnt add see sense this but look forward hear from you. 
648 from jolly roger march amthank you. 
648 please personally wouldnt charge you for the same information. 
648 this community should both free and opensource. 
648 always try search for your answers before ever paying for them. 
648 and never forget there are also some other really great places out there get some really great free and accurate security advice well. 
648 wilders security forums one such place. 
648 com well the superuser forums. 
648 comive also always enjoyed reading bruce schneiners blog well. 
648 found this page particularly interesting. 
648 granted article from october last year but its still some pretty amazing technology tor users are against out there how the nsa attacks tor firefox users with quantum and foxacid. 
648 com blog archives how the nsa att. 
648 htmlsorry for bringing this slightly off topic but personally feel advice should free the internet. 
649 from firelight march amphysical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
649 never forget you can always just root cheap android smartphone run debian linux. 
649 just use raspberry physical gateway was mentioned. 
649 there not always need buy two computers laptops create physical gateway. 
649 and truly far safer well recommended the whonix developers themselves rather than using two virtual machines. 
649 all the information you need the whonix website listed above. 
650 these are the packets that make the ops orginal key public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet georgie boy. 
650 net signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits contrast here are your packets. 
650 public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet muddy boots fakestreet safe mail. 
650 net signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key acc data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key acc data bits eventually think rsa going phased out the perfected asymmetric algorithm fol gecc readily doing real time with wides pread support. 
651 worked early for. 
651 havent seen since. 
652 from thekushlife march amive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
652 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
652 thanks been looking for good fog alternative well think ive lost coins from week ago. 
652 never showed and support since. 
652 think the downtime with agora all tied and smell something fishy there. 
652 ill try them and post review too. 
653 ive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
653 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
654 ill check out. 
655 from jeesus march amlaitas linkki eijaksa sin siihen joskus sitte eik kiinnostas ehtii mutta jos siihen niin. 
656 havent any luck with trying setup new account well just replies. 
656 but weve moved onto other markets since. 
657 there are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
657 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
657 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
658 tipulla kyll hyvi pointteja. 
658 miksei olemassa oleva kauppa riit aina kun jokin asia vaikeammin hallittavissa virhealttius mit isompi bisnes sit enemm ker huomiota kateellisilta virkavallalta. 
658 valitettavasti isomman bisneksen tulee aina isommat voitot mik hieman voittamattoman olotilan. 
659 from quirk march ami dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
659 agree just because pain use not because any defects susimail bote. 
660 from safepostage march ami agree. 
660 were also making people sign with account. 
660 theres record who bought what. 
660 just email address send shipping label. 
660 can different each time dont care. 
660 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
660 but course would say that. 
660 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
660 gotta lay off the drugs. 
660 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
660 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
660 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
660 all favor and dont lol. 
661 drugheavenco tai pelkk drugheaven. 
661 tai uusi nimimerkki officer. 
662 subbing for one the best vendors. 
663 well from what can gather looking more and more like agora has run its race. 
663 say this with great dissapointment. 
663 not just because more lost vendor bonds and such. 
663 but ther fuck all else left. 
663 thank god deepify has the answer. 
663 all have got for the last hours this. 
663 iceweasel cant find the file. 
663 its not its server. 
664 well these last months have cetainly felt like years worth drama. 
665 and its gone. 
665 this time anyways. 
666 how does work. 
666 advertise the pirate market somewhere. 
666 create image and upload anony. 
666 send private message with your username the pirate market image link and link the advertisment. 
666 does somewhere mean online not both. 
667 tuosta doctor whosta tuli mieleen ett tardis tai sitten joku. 
668 vaikka land hope tai realm hope hope sanan tilalle mahollisesti dreamstoivoa paremmasta kansalle siisja yll pit voisi olla vaikka the protector tai overseer joo oikeen irtoo nyt pit jotain mietti joskus jos. 
669 also agree that axas guide secure email providers one the most complete have seen the internet. 
669 good job axa just sure your research before placing trust any email provider individual rules well data retention laws and other such factors vary between providers and countries well. 
669 and always use gpg regardless. 
670 gone for too. 
671 its interesting the whole group think thing. 
671 mean you have all these buyers who crowd one market and then they wonder why that market runs away with their funds. 
671 maybe million bucks just too much temptation. 
671 think the markets ought work together some way spread the load. 
671 maybe that stupid idea dont really know. 
671 know the markets want make all the money but having one place just silly really. 
671 still think back backopy and bmr and why wanted shutdown. 
671 without more markets spread load and action then just too risky. 
671 understand about having check bunch sites everyday and orders whatever. 
671 only many hours guess. 
672 from owockeznan march amthese are the packets that make the ops orginal key public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet georgie boy. 
672 net signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits contrast here are your packets. 
672 public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet muddy boots fakestreet safe mail. 
672 net signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key acc data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key acc data bits eventually think rsa going phased out the perfected asymmetric algorithm fol gecc readily doing real time with wides pread support. 
672 rsa probably going phased out eventually. 
672 whether ecc something else replaces remains seen. 
672 although ecc was seen the and coming technology given that was prompted heavily the nsa now makes suspect. 
672 know that least some the applications using ecc such random number generator rng had odd constants included part the standard likely the nsas insistence. 
672 another problem with ecc that many curves are currently under patent the. 
672 those are not likely find wide adoption that basis. 
673 you start learning today you might good enough make market two four years. 
673 but you also need learn how secure server more like years you are starting from what essentially nothing. 
673 its great plan start learning these things but dont read php for dummies and then run out and host market you set windows server over rdp. 
674 you contact with admins explains something more. 
674 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
676 god damnit this shit making mad. 
676 all ask for life one god damn site thats open more than months time. 
677 just thought post link avids thread here. 
678 bitcoin could not possibly because runs counter everything the control freakish elites and the nwo stand for. 
678 neither btc not gold and silver fulfill that role. 
680 seems like agora does not have any support same over here different support tickets over the last weeks with answer. 
681 dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
682 bluesky was scam. 
683 anywhere the clearnet too what create pic and upload avatar every post make any forums. 
683 that would new advertisement everytime and youre willing pay. 
683 btc for every post make youve got kidding. 
683 not game the math just doesnt add see sense this but look forward hear from you. 
684 from jolly roger march amthank you. 
684 please personally wouldnt charge you for the same information. 
684 this community should both free and opensource. 
684 always try search for your answers before ever paying for them. 
684 and never forget there are also some other really great places out there get some really great free and accurate security advice well. 
684 wilders security forums one such place. 
684 com well the superuser forums. 
684 comive also always enjoyed reading bruce schneiners blog well. 
684 found this page particularly interesting. 
684 granted article from october last year but its still some pretty amazing technology tor users are against out there how the nsa attacks tor firefox users with quantum and foxacid. 
684 com blog archives how the nsa att. 
684 htmlsorry for bringing this slightly off topic but personally feel advice should free the internet. 
685 from firelight march amphysical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
685 never forget you can always just root cheap android smartphone run debian linux. 
685 just use raspberry physical gateway was mentioned. 
685 there not always need buy two computers laptops create physical gateway. 
685 and truly far safer well recommended the whonix developers themselves rather than using two virtual machines. 
685 all the information you need the whonix website listed above. 
686 these are the packets that make the ops orginal key public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet georgie boy. 
686 net signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits contrast here are your packets. 
686 public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet muddy boots fakestreet safe mail. 
686 net signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key acc data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key acc data bits eventually think rsa going phased out the perfected asymmetric algorithm fol gecc readily doing real time with wides pread support. 
687 worked early for. 
687 havent seen since. 
688 from thekushlife march amive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
688 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
688 thanks been looking for good fog alternative well think ive lost coins from week ago. 
688 never showed and support since. 
688 think the downtime with agora all tied and smell something fishy there. 
688 ill try them and post review too. 
689 ive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
689 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
690 ill check out. 
691 from jeesus march amlaitas linkki eijaksa sin siihen joskus sitte eik kiinnostas ehtii mutta jos siihen niin. 
692 havent any luck with trying setup new account well just replies. 
692 but weve moved onto other markets since. 
693 there are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
693 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
693 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
694 tipulla kyll hyvi pointteja. 
694 miksei olemassa oleva kauppa riit aina kun jokin asia vaikeammin hallittavissa virhealttius mit isompi bisnes sit enemm ker huomiota kateellisilta virkavallalta. 
694 valitettavasti isomman bisneksen tulee aina isommat voitot mik hieman voittamattoman olotilan. 
695 from quirk march ami dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
695 agree just because pain use not because any defects susimail bote. 
696 from safepostage march ami agree. 
696 were also making people sign with account. 
696 theres record who bought what. 
696 just email address send shipping label. 
696 can different each time dont care. 
696 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
696 but course would say that. 
696 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
696 gotta lay off the drugs. 
696 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
696 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
696 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
696 all favor and dont lol. 
697 drugheavenco tai pelkk drugheaven. 
697 tai uusi nimimerkki officer. 
698 subbing for one the best vendors. 
699 well from what can gather looking more and more like agora has run its race. 
699 say this with great dissapointment. 
699 not just because more lost vendor bonds and such. 
699 but ther fuck all else left. 
699 thank god deepify has the answer. 
699 all have got for the last hours this. 
699 iceweasel cant find the file. 
699 its not its server. 
700 well these last months have cetainly felt like years worth drama. 
701 and its gone. 
701 this time anyways. 
702 how does work. 
702 advertise the pirate market somewhere. 
702 create image and upload anony. 
702 send private message with your username the pirate market image link and link the advertisment. 
702 does somewhere mean online not both. 
703 tuosta doctor whosta tuli mieleen ett tardis tai sitten joku. 
704 vaikka land hope tai realm hope hope sanan tilalle mahollisesti dreamstoivoa paremmasta kansalle siisja yll pit voisi olla vaikka the protector tai overseer joo oikeen irtoo nyt pit jotain mietti joskus jos. 
705 also agree that axas guide secure email providers one the most complete have seen the internet. 
705 good job axa just sure your research before placing trust any email provider individual rules well data retention laws and other such factors vary between providers and countries well. 
705 and always use gpg regardless. 
706 gone for too. 
707 its interesting the whole group think thing. 
707 mean you have all these buyers who crowd one market and then they wonder why that market runs away with their funds. 
707 maybe million bucks just too much temptation. 
707 think the markets ought work together some way spread the load. 
707 maybe that stupid idea dont really know. 
707 know the markets want make all the money but having one place just silly really. 
707 still think back backopy and bmr and why wanted shutdown. 
707 without more markets spread load and action then just too risky. 
707 understand about having check bunch sites everyday and orders whatever. 
707 only many hours guess. 
708 from owockeznan march amthese are the packets that make the ops orginal key public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet georgie boy. 
708 net signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits contrast here are your packets. 
708 public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet muddy boots fakestreet safe mail. 
708 net signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key acc data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key acc data bits eventually think rsa going phased out the perfected asymmetric algorithm fol gecc readily doing real time with wides pread support. 
708 rsa probably going phased out eventually. 
708 whether ecc something else replaces remains seen. 
708 although ecc was seen the and coming technology given that was prompted heavily the nsa now makes suspect. 
708 know that least some the applications using ecc such random number generator rng had odd constants included part the standard likely the nsas insistence. 
708 another problem with ecc that many curves are currently under patent the. 
708 those are not likely find wide adoption that basis. 
709 you start learning today you might good enough make market two four years. 
709 but you also need learn how secure server more like years you are starting from what essentially nothing. 
709 its great plan start learning these things but dont read php for dummies and then run out and host market you set windows server over rdp. 
710 you contact with admins explains something more. 
710 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
712 god damnit this shit making mad. 
712 all ask for life one god damn site thats open more than months time. 
713 just thought post link avids thread here. 
714 onion new store. 
715 anyway can reset account password changed the password xanax and have clue what. 
715 have pgp that account which still have access verify who. 
715 not sure what the procedure. 
715 edit luckily can access forum account since that didnt change with the sitestill need know what the next step. 
716 from tub march amif were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
716 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
716 sorry sound like the safepostage guy. 
716 not but like this service and dont see issue with. 
716 think lot people majorly over think things and that causes them see bunch problems with something that doesnt really have many problems. 
716 they are just searching for problem. 
716 when shipping package you are already giving the buyers info the postal service which run the government. 
716 not mention your the vendors address the case you are buying them online your face video you are buying them the postal office. 
716 understand your point about few hands possible but think this actually safer for everyone. 
716 there really isnt anything these people can with the information that would cause issue. 
716 unless they are and decided would fun track down people buying dime bags off the internet honestly dont see what problem could arise. 
716 wrong please tell. 
716 youre welcome for being your guy for the last days lol. 
717 was fine for about mins. 
717 now pages not loading. 
718 have heard bitblender and that one fairly instant. 
718 onionbut overall bitfog takes the cake. 
718 offers the best mixing service only one studied and think the time takes big deal once you get coins flowing. 
719 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
720 countermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
720 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
720 you can access your lelantos mail account one two webmail interfaces with without javascript imap pop see guide setting thunderbird with foxyproxy access lelantos mail tor. 
720 html msg once you have thunderbird setup right you will really enjoy using lelantos mail that much more. 
721 from enigma march amvmail. 
721 also good option didnt see your list axa. 
721 they are tor friendly and pretty legit having been around for while well. 
721 and offer web interface well which can handy times. 
721 although using tails with clawsmail thunderbird with enigmail and torbirdy still likely safer. 
721 but pinch they seem pretty secure. 
721 just back email whatever. 
721 thanks for the tip checked out vmail. 
721 and the service legit added list. 
722 value everyones opsec advice this forum. 
722 were setup tor middlebox something like onionpi what would the best browser setup. 
722 want run something similar the torbrowser without running tor over tor. 
722 would something like firefox with noscript and secure enough ive read that using the torbutton addon for firefox longer secure. 
722 any advice would greatly appreciated. 
723 were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
723 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
724 from shingleshark march pmi also find evo great emerging market. 
724 they not only have lot fraud related products and tuts but large and ever growing drug section well. 
724 this market takes security very seriously. 
724 the layout clean and extremely fast. 
724 just all around excellent market. 
725 hey thanks for the message via marketplace the offer. 
725 seems like everytime log agora damn pages dont load. 
725 still being hit with ddos purely server overload. 
726 new referral link. 
727 from weed march pmyou contact with admins explains something more. 
727 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
727 cheers dont understand your question. 
728 from axa march pmquote from owockeznan march amemail email. 
728 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
728 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
728 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
728 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
728 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
728 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
728 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
728 very secure and anonymous though. 
728 thank you for that. 
729 from shingleshark march pmthis market takes security very seriously. 
729 they couldnt even run forum without getting owned every few months. 
729 this site run naive kids who are over their heads. 
729 ill tell you another story about evolution there was ponzi scheme running the forums for about months everybody fell for. 
729 the admins even vouched the scheme which caused even more people signup. 
729 join the forums see the scheme and post that plain day that these people are being ripped off. 
729 they realize after month activity and payments from the scheme runner. 
729 anyway two days later another user starts another scheme and everybody falls for again. 
729 luckily this time after days moderator removed the thread. 
729 these guys are teenage internet try hards they have place running underground drug market. 
729 stay away its not question that place going get owned its more question when and how often. 
730 funland self explanatory. 
732 blue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
733 theres plenty reputable suppliers various marketplaces. 
734 have had captcha issues myself today. 
735 new service vmail. 
735 located france added list today. 
736 the longer takes get your coins out the harder taint analysis tracking. 
736 would use bitcoinfog the second one you posted and set hours. 
736 and expect take hours the site has been known have delays. 
737 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
737 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
737 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
737 btc laundering time. 
737 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
737 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry. 
738 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
738 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
738 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
738 btc laundering time. 
738 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
738 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
739 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
739 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
739 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
739 btc laundering time. 
739 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
739 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
740 from btcer march somewhat slow hrs that design obfuscates the transactions. 
740 you should randomize the time period and not always use hours. 
740 sometimes use hours etc. 
740 imo the blockchain. 
740 info service and bitcoin fog are the only two services that are both stable and have enough volume effective mixer. 
740 you can just the poor mans mixer send into service that utilizes shared wallet address and then withdrawal different amount some time later. 
740 your buyer you really shouldnt worry about using sophisticated mixer youre vendor cashing out you should. 
740 lot these mixing services that spring overnight you shouldnt trust they are likely scams. 
741 new service vmail. 
741 located france added list today. 
742 from enctype february amquote from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
742 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
742 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
742 honestly had not. 
742 but sure you can see why was turn off. 
742 was actually just browsing the site and looks pretty legit. 
742 like the wanted board. 
743 from avid march pmthere are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
743 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
743 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
743 this explanation has become quite norm with every one the marketplaces. 
743 you cant handle the growth and scale accordingly its pointless allowing for new people fucks everyone without support for both existing users and new ones. 
743 its damn pointless. 
743 market disabling registrations momentarily cope with growth. 
743 now thats more like. 
744 from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
744 what the fuck are you talking about dont know who you are but now you are stepping business telling people bluesky scam. 
744 have been vending bsm for months now and they run the best market the the moment. 
744 the fastest deposit times most date security features auto withdrawal partial quick resolution. 
744 blue sky market far and away the best functioning market have ever used year darknet career. 
744 and just becasue this fucktard took stab the market and all the vendors there posting link anybody curious can check out. 
744 onion seriously you wnat get and buy something with quickness not wait around for hours until deposits clear. 
744 this your place. 
745 from enigma march amvmail. 
745 also good option didnt see your list axa. 
745 they are tor friendly and pretty legit having been around for while well. 
745 and offer web interface well which can handy times. 
745 although using tails with clawsmail thunderbird with enigmail and torbirdy still likely safer. 
745 but pinch they seem pretty secure. 
745 just back email whatever. 
745 thanks for the tip checked out vmail. 
745 and the service legit added list. 
746 new referral link. 
747 from weed march pmyou contact with admins explains something more. 
747 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
747 cheers dont understand your question. 
748 anyway can reset account password changed the password xanax and have clue what. 
748 have pgp that account which still have access verify who. 
748 not sure what the procedure. 
748 edit luckily can access forum account since that didnt change with the sitestill need know what the next step. 
749 value everyones opsec advice this forum. 
749 were setup tor middlebox something like onionpi what would the best browser setup. 
749 want run something similar the torbrowser without running tor over tor. 
749 would something like firefox with noscript and secure enough ive read that using the torbutton addon for firefox longer secure. 
749 any advice would greatly appreciated. 
750 were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
750 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
751 theres plenty reputable suppliers various marketplaces. 
752 countermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
752 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
752 you can access your lelantos mail account one two webmail interfaces with without javascript imap pop see guide setting thunderbird with foxyproxy access lelantos mail tor. 
752 html msg once you have thunderbird setup right you will really enjoy using lelantos mail that much more. 
754 onion new store. 
755 from axa march pmquote from owockeznan march amemail email. 
755 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
755 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
755 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
755 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
755 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
755 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
755 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
755 very secure and anonymous though. 
755 thank you for that. 
756 from shingleshark march pmi also find evo great emerging market. 
756 they not only have lot fraud related products and tuts but large and ever growing drug section well. 
756 this market takes security very seriously. 
756 the layout clean and extremely fast. 
756 just all around excellent market. 
757 from shingleshark march pmthis market takes security very seriously. 
757 they couldnt even run forum without getting owned every few months. 
757 this site run naive kids who are over their heads. 
757 ill tell you another story about evolution there was ponzi scheme running the forums for about months everybody fell for. 
757 the admins even vouched the scheme which caused even more people signup. 
757 join the forums see the scheme and post that plain day that these people are being ripped off. 
757 they realize after month activity and payments from the scheme runner. 
757 anyway two days later another user starts another scheme and everybody falls for again. 
757 luckily this time after days moderator removed the thread. 
757 these guys are teenage internet try hards they have place running underground drug market. 
757 stay away its not question that place going get owned its more question when and how often. 
758 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
758 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
758 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
758 btc laundering time. 
758 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
758 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry. 
759 have heard bitblender and that one fairly instant. 
759 onionbut overall bitfog takes the cake. 
759 offers the best mixing service only one studied and think the time takes big deal once you get coins flowing. 
760 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
760 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
760 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
760 btc laundering time. 
760 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
760 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
761 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
761 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
761 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
761 btc laundering time. 
761 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
761 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
762 from btcer march somewhat slow hrs that design obfuscates the transactions. 
762 you should randomize the time period and not always use hours. 
762 sometimes use hours etc. 
762 imo the blockchain. 
762 info service and bitcoin fog are the only two services that are both stable and have enough volume effective mixer. 
762 you can just the poor mans mixer send into service that utilizes shared wallet address and then withdrawal different amount some time later. 
762 your buyer you really shouldnt worry about using sophisticated mixer youre vendor cashing out you should. 
762 lot these mixing services that spring overnight you shouldnt trust they are likely scams. 
763 anyway can reset account password changed the password xanax and have clue what. 
763 have pgp that account which still have access verify who. 
763 not sure what the procedure. 
763 edit luckily can access forum account since that didnt change with the sitestill need know what the next step. 
764 from weed march pmyou contact with admins explains something more. 
764 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
764 cheers dont understand your question. 
765 have had captcha issues myself today. 
766 from axa march pmquote from owockeznan march amemail email. 
766 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
766 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
766 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
766 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
766 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
766 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
766 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
766 very secure and anonymous though. 
766 thank you for that. 
767 from enctype february amquote from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
767 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
767 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
767 honestly had not. 
767 but sure you can see why was turn off. 
767 was actually just browsing the site and looks pretty legit. 
767 like the wanted board. 
768 from avid march pmthere are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
768 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
768 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
768 this explanation has become quite norm with every one the marketplaces. 
768 you cant handle the growth and scale accordingly its pointless allowing for new people fucks everyone without support for both existing users and new ones. 
768 its damn pointless. 
768 market disabling registrations momentarily cope with growth. 
768 now thats more like. 
769 new service vmail. 
769 located france added list today. 
770 funland self explanatory. 
771 from enigma march amvmail. 
771 also good option didnt see your list axa. 
771 they are tor friendly and pretty legit having been around for while well. 
771 and offer web interface well which can handy times. 
771 although using tails with clawsmail thunderbird with enigmail and torbirdy still likely safer. 
771 but pinch they seem pretty secure. 
771 just back email whatever. 
771 thanks for the tip checked out vmail. 
771 and the service legit added list. 
772 countermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
772 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
772 you can access your lelantos mail account one two webmail interfaces with without javascript imap pop see guide setting thunderbird with foxyproxy access lelantos mail tor. 
772 html msg once you have thunderbird setup right you will really enjoy using lelantos mail that much more. 
774 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
775 hey thanks for the message via marketplace the offer. 
775 seems like everytime log agora damn pages dont load. 
775 still being hit with ddos purely server overload. 
776 from tub march amif were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
776 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
776 sorry sound like the safepostage guy. 
776 not but like this service and dont see issue with. 
776 think lot people majorly over think things and that causes them see bunch problems with something that doesnt really have many problems. 
776 they are just searching for problem. 
776 when shipping package you are already giving the buyers info the postal service which run the government. 
776 not mention your the vendors address the case you are buying them online your face video you are buying them the postal office. 
776 understand your point about few hands possible but think this actually safer for everyone. 
776 there really isnt anything these people can with the information that would cause issue. 
776 unless they are and decided would fun track down people buying dime bags off the internet honestly dont see what problem could arise. 
776 wrong please tell. 
776 youre welcome for being your guy for the last days lol. 
777 blue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
778 from shingleshark march pmi also find evo great emerging market. 
778 they not only have lot fraud related products and tuts but large and ever growing drug section well. 
778 this market takes security very seriously. 
778 the layout clean and extremely fast. 
778 just all around excellent market. 
779 from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
779 what the fuck are you talking about dont know who you are but now you are stepping business telling people bluesky scam. 
779 have been vending bsm for months now and they run the best market the the moment. 
779 the fastest deposit times most date security features auto withdrawal partial quick resolution. 
779 blue sky market far and away the best functioning market have ever used year darknet career. 
779 and just becasue this fucktard took stab the market and all the vendors there posting link anybody curious can check out. 
779 onion seriously you wnat get and buy something with quickness not wait around for hours until deposits clear. 
779 this your place. 
780 from weed march pmyou contact with admins explains something more. 
780 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
780 cheers dont understand your question. 
781 new referral link. 
782 were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
782 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
783 from shingleshark march pmthis market takes security very seriously. 
783 they couldnt even run forum without getting owned every few months. 
783 this site run naive kids who are over their heads. 
783 ill tell you another story about evolution there was ponzi scheme running the forums for about months everybody fell for. 
783 the admins even vouched the scheme which caused even more people signup. 
783 join the forums see the scheme and post that plain day that these people are being ripped off. 
783 they realize after month activity and payments from the scheme runner. 
783 anyway two days later another user starts another scheme and everybody falls for again. 
783 luckily this time after days moderator removed the thread. 
783 these guys are teenage internet try hards they have place running underground drug market. 
783 stay away its not question that place going get owned its more question when and how often. 
784 from avid march pmthere are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
784 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
784 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
784 this explanation has become quite norm with every one the marketplaces. 
784 you cant handle the growth and scale accordingly its pointless allowing for new people fucks everyone without support for both existing users and new ones. 
784 its damn pointless. 
784 market disabling registrations momentarily cope with growth. 
784 now thats more like. 
785 funland self explanatory. 
786 from avid march pmthere are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
786 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
786 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
786 this explanation has become quite norm with every one the marketplaces. 
786 you cant handle the growth and scale accordingly its pointless allowing for new people fucks everyone without support for both existing users and new ones. 
786 its damn pointless. 
786 market disabling registrations momentarily cope with growth. 
786 now thats more like. 
787 from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
787 what the fuck are you talking about dont know who you are but now you are stepping business telling people bluesky scam. 
787 have been vending bsm for months now and they run the best market the the moment. 
787 the fastest deposit times most date security features auto withdrawal partial quick resolution. 
787 blue sky market far and away the best functioning market have ever used year darknet career. 
787 and just becasue this fucktard took stab the market and all the vendors there posting link anybody curious can check out. 
787 onion seriously you wnat get and buy something with quickness not wait around for hours until deposits clear. 
787 this your place. 
788 from enctype february amquote from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
788 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
788 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
788 honestly had not. 
788 but sure you can see why was turn off. 
788 was actually just browsing the site and looks pretty legit. 
788 like the wanted board. 
790 that type transaction. 
790 from the wallet the market has refresh bluesky page deposit click the button. 
791 onion new store. 
792 anyway can reset account password changed the password xanax and have clue what. 
792 have pgp that account which still have access verify who. 
792 not sure what the procedure. 
792 edit luckily can access forum account since that didnt change with the sitestill need know what the next step. 
793 from tub march amif were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
793 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
793 sorry sound like the safepostage guy. 
793 not but like this service and dont see issue with. 
793 think lot people majorly over think things and that causes them see bunch problems with something that doesnt really have many problems. 
793 they are just searching for problem. 
793 when shipping package you are already giving the buyers info the postal service which run the government. 
793 not mention your the vendors address the case you are buying them online your face video you are buying them the postal office. 
793 understand your point about few hands possible but think this actually safer for everyone. 
793 there really isnt anything these people can with the information that would cause issue. 
793 unless they are and decided would fun track down people buying dime bags off the internet honestly dont see what problem could arise. 
793 wrong please tell. 
793 youre welcome for being your guy for the last days lol. 
794 was fine for about mins. 
794 now pages not loading. 
795 was fine for about mins. 
795 now pages not loading. 
796 from axa march pmquote from owockeznan march amemail email. 
796 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
796 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
796 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
796 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
796 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
796 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
796 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
796 very secure and anonymous though. 
796 thank you for that. 
797 have heard bitblender and that one fairly instant. 
797 onionbut overall bitfog takes the cake. 
797 offers the best mixing service only one studied and think the time takes big deal once you get coins flowing. 
798 from shingleshark march pmthis market takes security very seriously. 
798 they couldnt even run forum without getting owned every few months. 
798 this site run naive kids who are over their heads. 
798 ill tell you another story about evolution there was ponzi scheme running the forums for about months everybody fell for. 
798 the admins even vouched the scheme which caused even more people signup. 
798 join the forums see the scheme and post that plain day that these people are being ripped off. 
798 they realize after month activity and payments from the scheme runner. 
798 anyway two days later another user starts another scheme and everybody falls for again. 
798 luckily this time after days moderator removed the thread. 
798 these guys are teenage internet try hards they have place running underground drug market. 
798 stay away its not question that place going get owned its more question when and how often. 
799 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
799 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
799 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
799 btc laundering time. 
799 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
799 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry. 
800 have heard bitblender and that one fairly instant. 
800 onionbut overall bitfog takes the cake. 
800 offers the best mixing service only one studied and think the time takes big deal once you get coins flowing. 
801 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
801 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
801 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
801 btc laundering time. 
801 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
801 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
802 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
802 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
802 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
802 btc laundering time. 
802 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
802 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
803 from btcer march somewhat slow hrs that design obfuscates the transactions. 
803 you should randomize the time period and not always use hours. 
803 sometimes use hours etc. 
803 imo the blockchain. 
803 info service and bitcoin fog are the only two services that are both stable and have enough volume effective mixer. 
803 you can just the poor mans mixer send into service that utilizes shared wallet address and then withdrawal different amount some time later. 
803 your buyer you really shouldnt worry about using sophisticated mixer youre vendor cashing out you should. 
803 lot these mixing services that spring overnight you shouldnt trust they are likely scams. 
804 anyway can reset account password changed the password xanax and have clue what. 
804 have pgp that account which still have access verify who. 
804 not sure what the procedure. 
804 edit luckily can access forum account since that didnt change with the sitestill need know what the next step. 
805 from weed march pmyou contact with admins explains something more. 
805 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
805 cheers dont understand your question. 
806 have had captcha issues myself today. 
807 from axa march pmquote from owockeznan march amemail email. 
807 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
807 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
807 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
807 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
807 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
807 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
807 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
807 very secure and anonymous though. 
807 thank you for that. 
808 from enctype february amquote from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
808 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
808 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
808 honestly had not. 
808 but sure you can see why was turn off. 
808 was actually just browsing the site and looks pretty legit. 
808 like the wanted board. 
809 from avid march pmthere are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
809 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
809 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
809 this explanation has become quite norm with every one the marketplaces. 
809 you cant handle the growth and scale accordingly its pointless allowing for new people fucks everyone without support for both existing users and new ones. 
809 its damn pointless. 
809 market disabling registrations momentarily cope with growth. 
809 now thats more like. 
810 new service vmail. 
810 located france added list today. 
811 funland self explanatory. 
812 from enigma march amvmail. 
812 also good option didnt see your list axa. 
812 they are tor friendly and pretty legit having been around for while well. 
812 and offer web interface well which can handy times. 
812 although using tails with clawsmail thunderbird with enigmail and torbirdy still likely safer. 
812 but pinch they seem pretty secure. 
812 just back email whatever. 
812 thanks for the tip checked out vmail. 
812 and the service legit added list. 
813 countermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
813 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
813 you can access your lelantos mail account one two webmail interfaces with without javascript imap pop see guide setting thunderbird with foxyproxy access lelantos mail tor. 
813 html msg once you have thunderbird setup right you will really enjoy using lelantos mail that much more. 
815 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
816 hey thanks for the message via marketplace the offer. 
816 seems like everytime log agora damn pages dont load. 
816 still being hit with ddos purely server overload. 
817 from tub march amif were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
817 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
817 sorry sound like the safepostage guy. 
817 not but like this service and dont see issue with. 
817 think lot people majorly over think things and that causes them see bunch problems with something that doesnt really have many problems. 
817 they are just searching for problem. 
817 when shipping package you are already giving the buyers info the postal service which run the government. 
817 not mention your the vendors address the case you are buying them online your face video you are buying them the postal office. 
817 understand your point about few hands possible but think this actually safer for everyone. 
817 there really isnt anything these people can with the information that would cause issue. 
817 unless they are and decided would fun track down people buying dime bags off the internet honestly dont see what problem could arise. 
817 wrong please tell. 
817 youre welcome for being your guy for the last days lol. 
818 blue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
819 the longer takes get your coins out the harder taint analysis tracking. 
819 would use bitcoinfog the second one you posted and set hours. 
819 and expect take hours the site has been known have delays. 
820 were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
820 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
821 from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
821 what the fuck are you talking about dont know who you are but now you are stepping business telling people bluesky scam. 
821 have been vending bsm for months now and they run the best market the the moment. 
821 the fastest deposit times most date security features auto withdrawal partial quick resolution. 
821 blue sky market far and away the best functioning market have ever used year darknet career. 
821 and just becasue this fucktard took stab the market and all the vendors there posting link anybody curious can check out. 
821 onion seriously you wnat get and buy something with quickness not wait around for hours until deposits clear. 
821 this your place. 
823 onion new store. 
824 value everyones opsec advice this forum. 
824 were setup tor middlebox something like onionpi what would the best browser setup. 
824 want run something similar the torbrowser without running tor over tor. 
824 would something like firefox with noscript and secure enough ive read that using the torbutton addon for firefox longer secure. 
824 any advice would greatly appreciated. 
825 theres plenty reputable suppliers various marketplaces. 
826 new referral link. 
827 that type transaction. 
827 from the wallet the market has refresh bluesky page deposit click the button. 
828 was fine for about mins. 
828 now pages not loading. 
829 have heard bitblender and that one fairly instant. 
829 onionbut overall bitfog takes the cake. 
829 offers the best mixing service only one studied and think the time takes big deal once you get coins flowing. 
830 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
830 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
830 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
830 btc laundering time. 
830 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
830 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
831 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
831 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
831 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
831 btc laundering time. 
831 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
831 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
832 from btcer march somewhat slow hrs that design obfuscates the transactions. 
832 you should randomize the time period and not always use hours. 
832 sometimes use hours etc. 
832 imo the blockchain. 
832 info service and bitcoin fog are the only two services that are both stable and have enough volume effective mixer. 
832 you can just the poor mans mixer send into service that utilizes shared wallet address and then withdrawal different amount some time later. 
832 your buyer you really shouldnt worry about using sophisticated mixer youre vendor cashing out you should. 
832 lot these mixing services that spring overnight you shouldnt trust they are likely scams. 
833 anyway can reset account password changed the password xanax and have clue what. 
833 have pgp that account which still have access verify who. 
833 not sure what the procedure. 
833 edit luckily can access forum account since that didnt change with the sitestill need know what the next step. 
834 from weed march pmyou contact with admins explains something more. 
834 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
834 cheers dont understand your question. 
835 have had captcha issues myself today. 
836 from axa march pmquote from owockeznan march amemail email. 
836 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
836 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
836 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
836 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
836 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
836 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
836 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
836 very secure and anonymous though. 
836 thank you for that. 
837 from enctype february amquote from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
837 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
837 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
837 honestly had not. 
837 but sure you can see why was turn off. 
837 was actually just browsing the site and looks pretty legit. 
837 like the wanted board. 
838 from avid march pmthere are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
838 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
838 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
838 this explanation has become quite norm with every one the marketplaces. 
838 you cant handle the growth and scale accordingly its pointless allowing for new people fucks everyone without support for both existing users and new ones. 
838 its damn pointless. 
838 market disabling registrations momentarily cope with growth. 
838 now thats more like. 
839 new service vmail. 
839 located france added list today. 
840 funland self explanatory. 
841 from enigma march amvmail. 
841 also good option didnt see your list axa. 
841 they are tor friendly and pretty legit having been around for while well. 
841 and offer web interface well which can handy times. 
841 although using tails with clawsmail thunderbird with enigmail and torbirdy still likely safer. 
841 but pinch they seem pretty secure. 
841 just back email whatever. 
841 thanks for the tip checked out vmail. 
841 and the service legit added list. 
842 countermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
842 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
842 you can access your lelantos mail account one two webmail interfaces with without javascript imap pop see guide setting thunderbird with foxyproxy access lelantos mail tor. 
842 html msg once you have thunderbird setup right you will really enjoy using lelantos mail that much more. 
844 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
845 hey thanks for the message via marketplace the offer. 
845 seems like everytime log agora damn pages dont load. 
845 still being hit with ddos purely server overload. 
846 from tub march amif were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
846 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
846 sorry sound like the safepostage guy. 
846 not but like this service and dont see issue with. 
846 think lot people majorly over think things and that causes them see bunch problems with something that doesnt really have many problems. 
846 they are just searching for problem. 
846 when shipping package you are already giving the buyers info the postal service which run the government. 
846 not mention your the vendors address the case you are buying them online your face video you are buying them the postal office. 
846 understand your point about few hands possible but think this actually safer for everyone. 
846 there really isnt anything these people can with the information that would cause issue. 
846 unless they are and decided would fun track down people buying dime bags off the internet honestly dont see what problem could arise. 
846 wrong please tell. 
846 youre welcome for being your guy for the last days lol. 
847 blue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
848 the longer takes get your coins out the harder taint analysis tracking. 
848 would use bitcoinfog the second one you posted and set hours. 
848 and expect take hours the site has been known have delays. 
849 were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
849 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
850 from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
850 what the fuck are you talking about dont know who you are but now you are stepping business telling people bluesky scam. 
850 have been vending bsm for months now and they run the best market the the moment. 
850 the fastest deposit times most date security features auto withdrawal partial quick resolution. 
850 blue sky market far and away the best functioning market have ever used year darknet career. 
850 and just becasue this fucktard took stab the market and all the vendors there posting link anybody curious can check out. 
850 onion seriously you wnat get and buy something with quickness not wait around for hours until deposits clear. 
850 this your place. 
852 onion new store. 
853 value everyones opsec advice this forum. 
853 were setup tor middlebox something like onionpi what would the best browser setup. 
853 want run something similar the torbrowser without running tor over tor. 
853 would something like firefox with noscript and secure enough ive read that using the torbutton addon for firefox longer secure. 
853 any advice would greatly appreciated. 
854 theres plenty reputable suppliers various marketplaces. 
855 new referral link. 
856 that type transaction. 
856 from the wallet the market has refresh bluesky page deposit click the button. 
857 was fine for about mins. 
857 now pages not loading. 
858 checked out the site and was not impressed. 
858 the site requires too much from you slow and now unresponsive. 
858 too little freedom the site. 
858 not even sure how people are meant see your listings when you cant see them yourself. 
859 had been rather slow taking off but guessing thats the case with every new market there are many chose from and then folks are very wary with all new dnms. 
859 from having been scammed multiple times lately. 
859 takes time build trust and for folks part with their coins over relatively new marketplace. 
859 but that said things have picked over the last couple weeks mostly migrants from agora and the registrations have been steadily growing the day. 
859 that turn has brought about good momentum sales but unfortunately for you its mostly from the drug selections and not ccs. 
859 though there have been few inquiries the support forum which you could chip. 
859 also guess theres only much market can after all. 
859 offer free vendor accounts for couple months along with zero commisions all orders etc. 
859 payout bonus for referrals besides making sure having secure and bug free site for smooth transactions but guess then the onus lies with the site users get the good word around and refer their clients. 
859 were gradually getting there and good things take time. 
860 from thedude march pmquote from march pmhave you considered setting electrum wallet works well with tails and eliminates the need for third party wallets. 
860 but going try blockchain. 
860 info wallet mean they seem the main source for all this stuff anyway hopefully more secure than campbx. 
860 just keep mind blockchain. 
860 info requires you sometimes allow java just for caphtas believe and obviously the clearnet. 
860 honestly wouldnt surprise they were working closely with since the shutdown the mixing service that required wallet. 
860 highly recommend electrum with tails you have any questions setting how works feel free ask. 
861 from axa march pmcountermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
861 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
861 lelantos kinda scares with their headers. 
861 quotereceived from lelantos. 
861 either twisted naming policy maybe some are putting all their eggs one very big basket. 
862 hello doesnt matter where you advertise. 
862 you are only once allowed enter the event. 
863 you not want use bitcoin fog your best alternative right now probably shared coin. 
863 because you never lose control your bitcoin not possible lose coins. 
863 coinjoin mixer like shared coin multiple users sign transaction instead just one user. 
863 now its hard tell which user initiated the transaction hence increased privacy. 
863 not anonymous bitcoin fog though. 
864 any legit mixing service will take the time get listing the bitcoin wiki page. 
864 wiki category mixing servicesbefore sending your coins newer service good idea visit the bitcoin forum and check see there review thread for the service. 
865 orgthat said you dont know the difference between java and javascript you shouldnt using the darknet. 
865 they are completely unrelated aside from the name and both being object oriented. 
866 from firelight march ambest option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
866 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
866 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
866 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
866 defaulti agree with firelight. 
866 thats the easiest simplest method end with decent browser your isolated box without reinventing the wheel. 
866 and before picked any weird platforms for middlebox android etc make sure understood how their random number generation worked practice. 
866 some small platforms raspberry have hardware rng built but not clear what its contribution the cprng that feeds dev random and dev urandom. 
866 good rngs are more than little bit important that scenario. 
867 from axa march pmdarkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
867 this looks lovely. 
867 com watch ouo. 
868 kiinnostaisi kyll tiet ett mit kansainv listyminen. 
869 miksi pit menn kansainv liseksi miksi edes kiinnostaisi kauppapaikka niill monia muita sit varten. 
869 itse ainakin toivoisin ett pysyisi vain suomalaisten keskuudessa eik edes tarvitsisi ettei rupea alaik iset lukea sitten lehdist kun ovat tyneet. 
870 when try log says wrong username password tried days but still doesnt work. 
870 special problem with account agora still down. 
871 from damiel march pmseconded fast and smooth from the buyer point view too. 
871 what was the bluesky fud spread the silk road forums when bluesky first opened dont remember seeing that. 
871 right around christmas when was hitting rough waters few people posted links for bsm agora and pandora. 
871 bsm was instantly deemed scam. 
871 then nobody mentioned anymore. 
871 for the last months bsm has been anything but scam. 
871 agora does that referral program where people get paid spam their address was way overhyped and probably going the first fall. 
871 got too big too fast. 
871 blue sky has had time mature and from what the staff told they are only like capacity feel like will around longer than the other two. 
871 forums pretty much dictate what happens dnms and they jumped the gun bsm basically halting growth. 
871 but perseveres and outlasts market after market will grow. 
871 the admins are always updating things. 
871 its really nice see market where the operators really care. 
872 mean its always fast and smooth. 
872 almost never hiccup its refreshing. 
872 just wish the traffic would pick bit. 
872 the forums bashed bsm the beginning being scam and they halted the growth. 
872 but think the last months have easily been most flawless vending experience the. 
872 the guys running always making improvments. 
872 this makes feel like its not some quick hit run scam like smp they simply spend much time improving and adding security. 
872 post your experience bsm this thread. 
873 best option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
873 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
873 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
873 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
874 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
874 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
874 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
874 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
874 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
874 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
874 many soon are down due ddos serves attack. 
874 hope email peer peer email application. 
874 net docs applications supported emailtor mail was phishing site safe mail not allowed this server. 
874 yes you can register but will unable sent receive emails. 
874 log out and the message will forbiddenyou dont have permission access cgi bin safe mail. 
874 net this server. 
874 fedora server rimon. 
874 net port most the emails mentioned topics not work. 
874 always run check with onion sniffer and will give the status any onion url you are trying access. 
875 cant log for days because captcha problems. 
876 fairly new the deep web new year and have perused through few different markets but far like blue sky. 
876 agora was nice until all the traffic hit and silk road was sketchy from the start. 
876 ive completed about transactions total across the three markets ive tried and have not received package once got seized for domestic order. 
876 luck has been pretty good. 
876 like blue sky better far for few reasons. 
876 first like the feedback system. 
876 second like the stats bsm shows for each vendor. 
876 third the speed the marketplace very good. 
876 once make more transactions bsm ill have better idea how like overall but far like better than agora. 
877 was also impressed with the deposit time. 
877 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
877 was very happy and impressed. 
877 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
878 from amai march pmi have had captcha issues myself today. 
879 what happening with tba have seen some people starting push out referral links hoping cream off some buyers that use tba but other than that have heard nothing. 
879 logged today days before have been there for months and still yet sell thing. 
879 not complaining here wondering why with going down agora under ddos people saying pandora vendors scam there hasnt been bigger charge towards tba. 
879 just sit there doesnt bother check every few days see have any questions answer orders fill but never have. 
879 there not many vendors tba are buyers put off for some reason. 
880 its the mentality. 
880 this what goes through peoples heads tor listings. 
880 fuck that agora ddos lots stuff well they have lots stuff ill there one really cares about security seems. 
880 just waiting for mst implemented then will push hard the people who value security knows how computer works. 
880 then should have many tech savvy smart people buying selling. 
881 cant log for days because captcha problems. 
882 was also impressed with the deposit time. 
882 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
882 was very happy and impressed. 
882 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
883 orgthat said you dont know the difference between java and javascript you shouldnt using the darknet. 
883 they are completely unrelated aside from the name and both being object oriented. 
884 would say all the new sites are running slow for trade. 
884 there are many choose from now those that left the main ones are spread across dozen sites. 
884 unless every buyer comes this site the existence many new markets unknown. 
884 with every business you have out and get the trade. 
884 its vendors steer any buyers know the direction. 
884 certainly tba will one the main sites future run well. 
884 out the ten sites vend only are showing potential currently. 
884 tba one themalso quite noticeable new sites the absence scammers. 
884 lets face the main sites are getting flooded with them. 
884 some are selective scammers. 
884 they will have trouble getting onto some these sites. 
885 had been rather slow taking off but guessing thats the case with every new market there are many chose from and then folks are very wary with all new dnms. 
885 from having been scammed multiple times lately. 
885 takes time build trust and for folks part with their coins over relatively new marketplace. 
885 but that said things have picked over the last couple weeks mostly migrants from agora and the registrations have been steadily growing the day. 
885 that turn has brought about good momentum sales but unfortunately for you its mostly from the drug selections and not ccs. 
885 though there have been few inquiries the support forum which you could chip. 
885 also guess theres only much market can after all. 
885 offer free vendor accounts for couple months along with zero commisions all orders etc. 
885 payout bonus for referrals besides making sure having secure and bug free site for smooth transactions but guess then the onus lies with the site users get the good word around and refer their clients. 
885 were gradually getting there and good things take time. 
886 any legit mixing service will take the time get listing the bitcoin wiki page. 
886 wiki category mixing servicesbefore sending your coins newer service good idea visit the bitcoin forum and check see there review thread for the service. 
887 you not want use bitcoin fog your best alternative right now probably shared coin. 
887 because you never lose control your bitcoin not possible lose coins. 
887 coinjoin mixer like shared coin multiple users sign transaction instead just one user. 
887 now its hard tell which user initiated the transaction hence increased privacy. 
887 not anonymous bitcoin fog though. 
888 from axa march pmdarkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
888 this looks lovely. 
888 com watch ouo. 
889 from firelight march ambest option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
889 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
889 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
889 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
889 defaulti agree with firelight. 
889 thats the easiest simplest method end with decent browser your isolated box without reinventing the wheel. 
889 and before picked any weird platforms for middlebox android etc make sure understood how their random number generation worked practice. 
889 some small platforms raspberry have hardware rng built but not clear what its contribution the cprng that feeds dev random and dev urandom. 
889 good rngs are more than little bit important that scenario. 
890 according all his words accentuate about traffic. 
890 good market requires traffic. 
890 easy handling problems for deposits problems for withdrawals good system for contact pgp correct communication with admins etc. 
890 for now fast and safe. 
891 checked out the site and was not impressed. 
891 the site requires too much from you slow and now unresponsive. 
891 too little freedom the site. 
891 not even sure how people are meant see your listings when you cant see them yourself. 
892 silk road not repeat not established marketplace. 
892 total turmoil and spiraling downward. 
892 silk road clusterfuck market with zero support. 
892 the marker the forum you will make defcon very happy you use his site. 
892 because will steal from you. 
892 law enforcement will also very happy because they are monitering the site vigorously looking for you. 
892 use not pass. 
892 pay thousands fines and attorney fees directly jail. 
893 best option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
893 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
893 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
893 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
894 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
894 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
894 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
894 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
894 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
894 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
894 many soon are down due ddos serves attack. 
894 hope email peer peer email application. 
894 net docs applications supported emailtor mail was phishing site safe mail not allowed this server. 
894 yes you can register but will unable sent receive emails. 
894 log out and the message will forbiddenyou dont have permission access cgi bin safe mail. 
894 net this server. 
894 fedora server rimon. 
894 net port most the emails mentioned topics not work. 
894 always run check with onion sniffer and will give the status any onion url you are trying access. 
895 cant log for days because captcha problems. 
896 when try log says wrong username password tried days but still doesnt work. 
896 special problem with account agora still down. 
897 best option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
897 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
897 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
897 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
898 thanks for the input. 
898 tails looks interesting but i'm not that level paranoia atm. 
898 coinbase seems the way. 
898 reddit praises just don't like the idea linking bank account with something. 
898 kind want more secure way exchaning. 
898 anyone have experience with blockchain and hive are two current wallets. 
898 one online one hardware. 
898 think i'll stop that. 
899 hello all i've downloaded wallet hive for osx. 
899 i'm googling where purchase coins and places like coincafe coinbase all require make wallet there too. 
899 assume create wallet those sites purchase the coins and transfer them hard drive wallet safe what would you recommend get started. 
900 from damiel march amquote from blackstar march ami just wrote long post about this forum. 
900 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
900 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
900 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
900 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
900 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
900 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
900 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
900 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
900 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
900 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
900 thanks for the convincing post. 
900 were little off topic here ill just say thanks and that totally hear what youre saying. 
900 almost wish used heroin could business with you would reccomend never touching the stuff. 
900 also painkillers thats your thing. 
901 from raege march pmi was also impressed with the deposit time. 
901 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
901 was very happy and impressed. 
901 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
901 lolreally that what huh. 
901 its like half front half delivery. 
901 its great option. 
901 the deposit withdrawal times are blazing bsm right now agree with one the above posters that good for the whole dnm community there are many options far markets keeps the scrutiny spread thin and lessens the risk site closure when you have multiple markets supporting the load. 
902 would say all the new sites are running slow for trade. 
902 there are many choose from now those that left the main ones are spread across dozen sites. 
902 unless every buyer comes this site the existence many new markets unknown. 
902 with every business you have out and get the trade. 
902 its vendors steer any buyers know the direction. 
902 certainly tba will one the main sites future run well. 
902 out the ten sites vend only are showing potential currently. 
902 tba one themalso quite noticeable new sites the absence scammers. 
902 lets face the main sites are getting flooded with them. 
902 some are selective scammers. 
902 they will have trouble getting onto some these sites. 
903 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
903 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
903 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
903 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
903 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
903 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
903 many soon are down due ddos serves attack. 
903 hope email peer peer email application. 
903 net docs applications supported emailtor mail was phishing site safe mail not allowed this server. 
903 yes you can register but will unable sent receive emails. 
903 log out and the message will forbiddenyou dont have permission access cgi bin safe mail. 
903 net this server. 
903 fedora server rimon. 
903 net port most the emails mentioned topics not work. 
903 always run check with onion sniffer and will give the status any onion url you are trying access. 
904 from amai march pmi have had captcha issues myself today. 
905 from axa march pmdarkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
905 this looks lovely. 
905 com watch ouo. 
906 you not want use bitcoin fog your best alternative right now probably shared coin. 
906 because you never lose control your bitcoin not possible lose coins. 
906 coinjoin mixer like shared coin multiple users sign transaction instead just one user. 
906 now its hard tell which user initiated the transaction hence increased privacy. 
906 not anonymous bitcoin fog though. 
907 any legit mixing service will take the time get listing the bitcoin wiki page. 
907 wiki category mixing servicesbefore sending your coins newer service good idea visit the bitcoin forum and check see there review thread for the service. 
908 you were really serious about you could read the jolly roger's reference library the security section the hub. 
908 phptoo much info for tiny little mind. 
909 fairly new the deep web new year and have perused through few different markets but far like blue sky. 
909 agora was nice until all the traffic hit and silk road was sketchy from the start. 
909 ive completed about transactions total across the three markets ive tried and have not received package once got seized for domestic order. 
909 luck has been pretty good. 
909 like blue sky better far for few reasons. 
909 first like the feedback system. 
909 second like the stats bsm shows for each vendor. 
909 third the speed the marketplace very good. 
909 once make more transactions bsm ill have better idea how like overall but far like better than agora. 
910 according all his words accentuate about traffic. 
910 good market requires traffic. 
910 easy handling problems for deposits problems for withdrawals good system for contact pgp correct communication with admins etc. 
910 for now fast and safe. 
911 seconded fast and smooth from the buyer point view too. 
911 what was the bluesky fud spread the silk road forums when bluesky first opened dont remember seeing that. 
912 there are many far more knowledgable than but i'll answer bit help you along. 
912 coinbase probably the most coin for your buck when comes easy places buy bitcoin. 
912 there are other ways that you can buy cheaper bitcoins btc but its royal pain the ass you live the. 
912 you can make and have many wallets you want store your bitcoin either your computer online. 
912 info trusted for online wallets. 
912 currently looking into running electrum from tails more secure wallet setup and believe that the consensus for good basic opsec operational security. 
912 would reccomend that you use tails minimize the possibility your computer leaking info about you. 
912 also makes things like pgp and otr messaging way easier its all included the. 
912 its really easy set too just download the iso image and mount dvd thumb drive card. 
913 kiinnostaisi kyll tiet ett mit kansainv listyminen. 
914 miksi pit menn kansainv liseksi miksi edes kiinnostaisi kauppapaikka niill monia muita sit varten. 
914 itse ainakin toivoisin ett pysyisi vain suomalaisten keskuudessa eik edes tarvitsisi ettei rupea alaik iset lukea sitten lehdist kun ovat tyneet. 
915 cant log for days because captcha problems. 
916 from damiel march pmseconded fast and smooth from the buyer point view too. 
916 what was the bluesky fud spread the silk road forums when bluesky first opened dont remember seeing that. 
916 right around christmas when was hitting rough waters few people posted links for bsm agora and pandora. 
916 bsm was instantly deemed scam. 
916 then nobody mentioned anymore. 
916 for the last months bsm has been anything but scam. 
916 agora does that referral program where people get paid spam their address was way overhyped and probably going the first fall. 
916 got too big too fast. 
916 blue sky has had time mature and from what the staff told they are only like capacity feel like will around longer than the other two. 
916 forums pretty much dictate what happens dnms and they jumped the gun bsm basically halting growth. 
916 but perseveres and outlasts market after market will grow. 
916 the admins are always updating things. 
916 its really nice see market where the operators really care. 
917 mean its always fast and smooth. 
917 almost never hiccup its refreshing. 
917 just wish the traffic would pick bit. 
917 the forums bashed bsm the beginning being scam and they halted the growth. 
917 but think the last months have easily been most flawless vending experience the. 
917 the guys running always making improvments. 
917 this makes feel like its not some quick hit run scam like smp they simply spend much time improving and adding security. 
917 post your experience bsm this thread. 
918 from raege march pmi was also impressed with the deposit time. 
918 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
918 was very happy and impressed. 
918 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
918 lolreally that what huh. 
918 its like half front half delivery. 
918 its great option. 
918 the deposit withdrawal times are blazing bsm right now agree with one the above posters that good for the whole dnm community there are many options far markets keeps the scrutiny spread thin and lessens the risk site closure when you have multiple markets supporting the load. 
919 from damiel march amquote from blackstar march ami just wrote long post about this forum. 
919 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
919 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
919 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
919 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
919 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
919 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
919 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
919 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
919 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
919 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
919 thanks for the convincing post. 
919 were little off topic here ill just say thanks and that totally hear what youre saying. 
919 almost wish used heroin could business with you would reccomend never touching the stuff. 
919 also painkillers thats your thing. 
920 there are many far more knowledgable than but ill answer bit help you along. 
920 coinbase probably the most coin for your buck when comes easy places buy bitcoin. 
920 there are other ways that you can buy cheaper bitcoins btc but its royal pain the ass you live the. 
920 you can make and have many wallets you want store your bitcoin either your computer online. 
920 info trusted for online wallets. 
920 currently looking into running electrum from tails more secure wallet setup and believe that the consensus for good basic opsec operational security. 
920 would reccomend that you use tails minimize the possibility your computer leaking info about you. 
920 also makes things like pgp and otr messaging way easier its all included the. 
920 its really easy set too just download the iso image and mount dvd thumb drive card. 
921 kiinnostaisi kyll tiet ett mit kansainv listyminen. 
922 miksi pit menn kansainv liseksi miksi edes kiinnostaisi kauppapaikka niill monia muita sit varten. 
922 itse ainakin toivoisin ett pysyisi vain suomalaisten keskuudessa eik edes tarvitsisi ettei rupea alaik iset lukea sitten lehdist kun ovat tyneet. 
923 best option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
923 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
923 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
923 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
924 from raege march pmi was also impressed with the deposit time. 
924 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
924 was very happy and impressed. 
924 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
924 lolreally that what huh. 
924 its like half front half delivery. 
924 its great option. 
924 the deposit withdrawal times are blazing bsm right now agree with one the above posters that good for the whole dnm community there are many options far markets keeps the scrutiny spread thin and lessens the risk site closure when you have multiple markets supporting the load. 
925 from damiel march amquote from blackstar march ami just wrote long post about this forum. 
925 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
925 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
925 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
925 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
925 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
925 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
925 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
925 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
925 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
925 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
925 thanks for the convincing post. 
925 were little off topic here ill just say thanks and that totally hear what youre saying. 
925 almost wish used heroin could business with you would reccomend never touching the stuff. 
925 also painkillers thats your thing. 
926 would say all the new sites are running slow for trade. 
926 there are many choose from now those that left the main ones are spread across dozen sites. 
926 unless every buyer comes this site the existence many new markets unknown. 
926 with every business you have out and get the trade. 
926 its vendors steer any buyers know the direction. 
926 certainly tba will one the main sites future run well. 
926 out the ten sites vend only are showing potential currently. 
926 tba one themalso quite noticeable new sites the absence scammers. 
926 lets face the main sites are getting flooded with them. 
926 some are selective scammers. 
926 they will have trouble getting onto some these sites. 
927 have you tried blockchains shared btc service has small fee compared bitcoinfog. 
928 according all his words accentuate about traffic. 
928 good market requires traffic. 
928 easy handling problems for deposits problems for withdrawals good system for contact pgp correct communication with admins etc. 
928 for now fast and safe. 
929 seconded fast and smooth from the buyer point view too. 
929 what was the bluesky fud spread the silk road forums when bluesky first opened dont remember seeing that. 
930 silk road not repeat not established marketplace. 
930 total turmoil and spiraling downward. 
930 silk road clusterfuck market with zero support. 
930 the marker the forum you will make defcon very happy you use his site. 
930 because will steal from you. 
930 law enforcement will also very happy because they are monitering the site vigorously looking for you. 
930 use not pass. 
930 pay thousands fines and attorney fees directly jail. 
931 checked out the site and was not impressed. 
931 the site requires too much from you slow and now unresponsive. 
931 too little freedom the site. 
931 not even sure how people are meant see your listings when you cant see them yourself. 
932 had been rather slow taking off but guessing thats the case with every new market there are many chose from and then folks are very wary with all new dnms. 
932 from having been scammed multiple times lately. 
932 takes time build trust and for folks part with their coins over relatively new marketplace. 
932 but that said things have picked over the last couple weeks mostly migrants from agora and the registrations have been steadily growing the day. 
932 that turn has brought about good momentum sales but unfortunately for you its mostly from the drug selections and not ccs. 
932 though there have been few inquiries the support forum which you could chip. 
932 also guess theres only much market can after all. 
932 offer free vendor accounts for couple months along with zero commisions all orders etc. 
932 payout bonus for referrals besides making sure having secure and bug free site for smooth transactions but guess then the onus lies with the site users get the good word around and refer their clients. 
932 were gradually getting there and good things take time. 
933 from thedude march pmquote from march pmhave you considered setting electrum wallet works well with tails and eliminates the need for third party wallets. 
933 but going try blockchain. 
933 info wallet mean they seem the main source for all this stuff anyway hopefully more secure than campbx. 
933 just keep mind blockchain. 
933 info requires you sometimes allow java just for caphtas believe and obviously the clearnet. 
933 honestly wouldnt surprise they were working closely with since the shutdown the mixing service that required wallet. 
933 highly recommend electrum with tails you have any questions setting how works feel free ask. 
934 from axa march pmcountermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
934 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
934 lelantos kinda scares with their headers. 
934 quotereceived from lelantos. 
934 either twisted naming policy maybe some are putting all their eggs one very big basket. 
935 hello doesnt matter where you advertise. 
935 you are only once allowed enter the event. 
936 what happening with tba have seen some people starting push out referral links hoping cream off some buyers that use tba but other than that have heard nothing. 
936 logged today days before have been there for months and still yet sell thing. 
936 not complaining here wondering why with going down agora under ddos people saying pandora vendors scam there hasnt been bigger charge towards tba. 
936 just sit there doesnt bother check every few days see have any questions answer orders fill but never have. 
936 there not many vendors tba are buyers put off for some reason. 
937 its the mentality. 
937 this what goes through peoples heads tor listings. 
937 fuck that agora ddos lots stuff well they have lots stuff ill there one really cares about security seems. 
937 just waiting for mst implemented then will push hard the people who value security knows how computer works. 
937 then should have many tech savvy smart people buying selling. 
938 have you tried blockchains shared btc service has small fee compared bitcoinfog. 
939 silk road not repeat not established marketplace. 
939 total turmoil and spiraling downward. 
939 silk road clusterfuck market with zero support. 
939 the marker the forum you will make defcon very happy you use his site. 
939 because will steal from you. 
939 law enforcement will also very happy because they are monitering the site vigorously looking for you. 
939 use not pass. 
939 pay thousands fines and attorney fees directly jail. 
940 from thedude march pmquote from march pmhave you considered setting electrum wallet works well with tails and eliminates the need for third party wallets. 
940 but going try blockchain. 
940 info wallet mean they seem the main source for all this stuff anyway hopefully more secure than campbx. 
940 just keep mind blockchain. 
940 info requires you sometimes allow java just for caphtas believe and obviously the clearnet. 
940 honestly wouldnt surprise they were working closely with since the shutdown the mixing service that required wallet. 
940 highly recommend electrum with tails you have any questions setting how works feel free ask. 
941 when try log says wrong username password tried days but still doesnt work. 
941 special problem with account agora still down. 
942 have you tried blockchains shared btc service has small fee compared bitcoinfog. 
943 best option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
943 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
943 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
943 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
944 thanks for the input. 
944 tails looks interesting but i'm not that level paranoia atm. 
944 coinbase seems the way. 
944 reddit praises just don't like the idea linking bank account with something. 
944 kind want more secure way exchaning. 
944 anyone have experience with blockchain and hive are two current wallets. 
944 one online one hardware. 
944 think i'll stop that. 
945 hello all i've downloaded wallet hive for osx. 
945 i'm googling where purchase coins and places like coincafe coinbase all require make wallet there too. 
945 assume create wallet those sites purchase the coins and transfer them hard drive wallet safe what would you recommend get started. 
946 from damiel march amquote from blackstar march ami just wrote long post about this forum. 
946 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
946 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
946 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
946 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
946 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
946 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
946 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
946 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
946 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
946 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
946 thanks for the convincing post. 
946 were little off topic here ill just say thanks and that totally hear what youre saying. 
946 almost wish used heroin could business with you would reccomend never touching the stuff. 
946 also painkillers thats your thing. 
947 from raege march pmi was also impressed with the deposit time. 
947 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
947 was very happy and impressed. 
947 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
947 lolreally that what huh. 
947 its like half front half delivery. 
947 its great option. 
947 the deposit withdrawal times are blazing bsm right now agree with one the above posters that good for the whole dnm community there are many options far markets keeps the scrutiny spread thin and lessens the risk site closure when you have multiple markets supporting the load. 
948 would say all the new sites are running slow for trade. 
948 there are many choose from now those that left the main ones are spread across dozen sites. 
948 unless every buyer comes this site the existence many new markets unknown. 
948 with every business you have out and get the trade. 
948 its vendors steer any buyers know the direction. 
948 certainly tba will one the main sites future run well. 
948 out the ten sites vend only are showing potential currently. 
948 tba one themalso quite noticeable new sites the absence scammers. 
948 lets face the main sites are getting flooded with them. 
948 some are selective scammers. 
948 they will have trouble getting onto some these sites. 
949 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
949 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
949 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
949 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
949 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
949 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
949 many soon are down due ddos serves attack. 
949 hope email peer peer email application. 
949 net docs applications supported emailtor mail was phishing site safe mail not allowed this server. 
949 yes you can register but will unable sent receive emails. 
949 log out and the message will forbiddenyou dont have permission access cgi bin safe mail. 
949 net this server. 
949 fedora server rimon. 
949 net port most the emails mentioned topics not work. 
949 always run check with onion sniffer and will give the status any onion url you are trying access. 
950 from amai march pmi have had captcha issues myself today. 
951 from axa march pmdarkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
951 this looks lovely. 
951 com watch ouo. 
952 you not want use bitcoin fog your best alternative right now probably shared coin. 
952 because you never lose control your bitcoin not possible lose coins. 
952 coinjoin mixer like shared coin multiple users sign transaction instead just one user. 
952 now its hard tell which user initiated the transaction hence increased privacy. 
952 not anonymous bitcoin fog though. 
953 any legit mixing service will take the time get listing the bitcoin wiki page. 
953 wiki category mixing servicesbefore sending your coins newer service good idea visit the bitcoin forum and check see there review thread for the service. 
954 you were really serious about you could read the jolly roger's reference library the security section the hub. 
954 phptoo much info for tiny little mind. 
955 fairly new the deep web new year and have perused through few different markets but far like blue sky. 
955 agora was nice until all the traffic hit and silk road was sketchy from the start. 
955 ive completed about transactions total across the three markets ive tried and have not received package once got seized for domestic order. 
955 luck has been pretty good. 
955 like blue sky better far for few reasons. 
955 first like the feedback system. 
955 second like the stats bsm shows for each vendor. 
955 third the speed the marketplace very good. 
955 once make more transactions bsm ill have better idea how like overall but far like better than agora. 
956 according all his words accentuate about traffic. 
956 good market requires traffic. 
956 easy handling problems for deposits problems for withdrawals good system for contact pgp correct communication with admins etc. 
956 for now fast and safe. 
957 seconded fast and smooth from the buyer point view too. 
957 what was the bluesky fud spread the silk road forums when bluesky first opened dont remember seeing that. 
958 there are many far more knowledgable than but i'll answer bit help you along. 
958 coinbase probably the most coin for your buck when comes easy places buy bitcoin. 
958 there are other ways that you can buy cheaper bitcoins btc but its royal pain the ass you live the. 
958 you can make and have many wallets you want store your bitcoin either your computer online. 
958 info trusted for online wallets. 
958 currently looking into running electrum from tails more secure wallet setup and believe that the consensus for good basic opsec operational security. 
958 would reccomend that you use tails minimize the possibility your computer leaking info about you. 
958 also makes things like pgp and otr messaging way easier its all included the. 
958 its really easy set too just download the iso image and mount dvd thumb drive card. 
959 kiinnostaisi kyll tiet ett mit kansainv listyminen. 
960 miksi pit menn kansainv liseksi miksi edes kiinnostaisi kauppapaikka niill monia muita sit varten. 
960 itse ainakin toivoisin ett pysyisi vain suomalaisten keskuudessa eik edes tarvitsisi ettei rupea alaik iset lukea sitten lehdist kun ovat tyneet. 
961 from axa march pmcountermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
961 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
961 lelantos kinda scares with their headers. 
961 quotereceived from lelantos. 
961 either twisted naming policy maybe some are putting all their eggs one very big basket. 
962 had been rather slow taking off but guessing thats the case with every new market there are many chose from and then folks are very wary with all new dnms. 
962 from having been scammed multiple times lately. 
962 takes time build trust and for folks part with their coins over relatively new marketplace. 
962 but that said things have picked over the last couple weeks mostly migrants from agora and the registrations have been steadily growing the day. 
962 that turn has brought about good momentum sales but unfortunately for you its mostly from the drug selections and not ccs. 
962 though there have been few inquiries the support forum which you could chip. 
962 also guess theres only much market can after all. 
962 offer free vendor accounts for couple months along with zero commisions all orders etc. 
962 payout bonus for referrals besides making sure having secure and bug free site for smooth transactions but guess then the onus lies with the site users get the good word around and refer their clients. 
962 were gradually getting there and good things take time. 
963 checked out the site and was not impressed. 
963 the site requires too much from you slow and now unresponsive. 
963 too little freedom the site. 
963 not even sure how people are meant see your listings when you cant see them yourself. 
964 mean its always fast and smooth. 
964 almost never hiccup its refreshing. 
964 just wish the traffic would pick bit. 
964 the forums bashed bsm the beginning being scam and they halted the growth. 
964 but think the last months have easily been most flawless vending experience the. 
964 the guys running always making improvments. 
964 this makes feel like its not some quick hit run scam like smp they simply spend much time improving and adding security. 
964 post your experience bsm this thread. 
965 from damiel march pmseconded fast and smooth from the buyer point view too. 
965 what was the bluesky fud spread the silk road forums when bluesky first opened dont remember seeing that. 
965 right around christmas when was hitting rough waters few people posted links for bsm agora and pandora. 
965 bsm was instantly deemed scam. 
965 then nobody mentioned anymore. 
965 for the last months bsm has been anything but scam. 
965 agora does that referral program where people get paid spam their address was way overhyped and probably going the first fall. 
965 got too big too fast. 
965 blue sky has had time mature and from what the staff told they are only like capacity feel like will around longer than the other two. 
965 forums pretty much dictate what happens dnms and they jumped the gun bsm basically halting growth. 
965 but perseveres and outlasts market after market will grow. 
965 the admins are always updating things. 
965 its really nice see market where the operators really care. 
966 was also impressed with the deposit time. 
966 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
966 was very happy and impressed. 
966 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
967 from firelight march ambest option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
967 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
967 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
967 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
967 defaulti agree with firelight. 
967 thats the easiest simplest method end with decent browser your isolated box without reinventing the wheel. 
967 and before picked any weird platforms for middlebox android etc make sure understood how their random number generation worked practice. 
967 some small platforms raspberry have hardware rng built but not clear what its contribution the cprng that feeds dev random and dev urandom. 
967 good rngs are more than little bit important that scenario. 
968 orgthat said you dont know the difference between java and javascript you shouldnt using the darknet. 
968 they are completely unrelated aside from the name and both being object oriented. 
969 hello doesnt matter where you advertise. 
969 you are only once allowed enter the event. 
970 what happening with tba have seen some people starting push out referral links hoping cream off some buyers that use tba but other than that have heard nothing. 
970 logged today days before have been there for months and still yet sell thing. 
970 not complaining here wondering why with going down agora under ddos people saying pandora vendors scam there hasnt been bigger charge towards tba. 
970 just sit there doesnt bother check every few days see have any questions answer orders fill but never have. 
970 there not many vendors tba are buyers put off for some reason. 
971 its the mentality. 
971 this what goes through peoples heads tor listings. 
971 fuck that agora ddos lots stuff well they have lots stuff ill there one really cares about security seems. 
971 just waiting for mst implemented then will push hard the people who value security knows how computer works. 
971 then should have many tech savvy smart people buying selling. 
972 have you tried blockchains shared btc service has small fee compared bitcoinfog. 
973 silk road not repeat not established marketplace. 
973 total turmoil and spiraling downward. 
973 silk road clusterfuck market with zero support. 
973 the marker the forum you will make defcon very happy you use his site. 
973 because will steal from you. 
973 law enforcement will also very happy because they are monitering the site vigorously looking for you. 
973 use not pass. 
973 pay thousands fines and attorney fees directly jail. 
974 from damiel march amquote from blackstar march ami just wrote long post about this forum. 
974 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
974 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
974 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
974 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
974 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
974 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
974 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
974 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
974 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
974 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
974 thanks for the convincing post. 
974 were little off topic here ill just say thanks and that totally hear what youre saying. 
974 almost wish used heroin could business with you would reccomend never touching the stuff. 
974 also painkillers thats your thing. 
975 from raege march pmi was also impressed with the deposit time. 
975 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
975 was very happy and impressed. 
975 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
975 lolreally that what huh. 
975 its like half front half delivery. 
975 its great option. 
975 the deposit withdrawal times are blazing bsm right now agree with one the above posters that good for the whole dnm community there are many options far markets keeps the scrutiny spread thin and lessens the risk site closure when you have multiple markets supporting the load. 
976 would say all the new sites are running slow for trade. 
976 there are many choose from now those that left the main ones are spread across dozen sites. 
976 unless every buyer comes this site the existence many new markets unknown. 
976 with every business you have out and get the trade. 
976 its vendors steer any buyers know the direction. 
976 certainly tba will one the main sites future run well. 
976 out the ten sites vend only are showing potential currently. 
976 tba one themalso quite noticeable new sites the absence scammers. 
976 lets face the main sites are getting flooded with them. 
976 some are selective scammers. 
976 they will have trouble getting onto some these sites. 
977 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
977 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
977 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
977 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
977 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
977 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
977 many soon are down due ddos serves attack. 
977 hope email peer peer email application. 
977 net docs applications supported emailtor mail was phishing site safe mail not allowed this server. 
977 yes you can register but will unable sent receive emails. 
977 log out and the message will forbiddenyou dont have permission access cgi bin safe mail. 
977 net this server. 
977 fedora server rimon. 
977 net port most the emails mentioned topics not work. 
977 always run check with onion sniffer and will give the status any onion url you are trying access. 
978 from amai march pmi have had captcha issues myself today. 
979 from axa march pmdarkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
979 this looks lovely. 
979 com watch ouo. 
980 you not want use bitcoin fog your best alternative right now probably shared coin. 
980 because you never lose control your bitcoin not possible lose coins. 
980 coinjoin mixer like shared coin multiple users sign transaction instead just one user. 
980 now its hard tell which user initiated the transaction hence increased privacy. 
980 not anonymous bitcoin fog though. 
981 any legit mixing service will take the time get listing the bitcoin wiki page. 
981 wiki category mixing servicesbefore sending your coins newer service good idea visit the bitcoin forum and check see there review thread for the service. 
982 you were really serious about you could read the jolly roger's reference library the security section the hub. 
982 phptoo much info for tiny little mind. 
983 fairly new the deep web new year and have perused through few different markets but far like blue sky. 
983 agora was nice until all the traffic hit and silk road was sketchy from the start. 
983 ive completed about transactions total across the three markets ive tried and have not received package once got seized for domestic order. 
983 luck has been pretty good. 
983 like blue sky better far for few reasons. 
983 first like the feedback system. 
983 second like the stats bsm shows for each vendor. 
983 third the speed the marketplace very good. 
983 once make more transactions bsm ill have better idea how like overall but far like better than agora. 
