0 the american head first meta exchange for the controversial digital currency has been found dead her apartment singapore. 
0 the body autumn radtke was discovered february. 
0 authorities are now awaiting toxicology reports the exact cause death. 
0 gox seeks court protection after million losswisconsin native radtke started her tech career virgin charter where she worked with billionaire richard branson. 
0 she also worked apple well tech start ups xfire and geodelic. 
0 she became ceo bitcoin exchange first meta. 
0 radtkes death the latest string bad news surrounding the digital currency which recent weeks has seen the. 
0 gox exchange collapse after the disappearance million and the closure flexcoin following robbery. 
0 related bitcoin bank flexcoin shuts after theftdouglas adams first metas non executive chairman said statement that the company was shocked and saddened radtkes passing. 
0 the first meta team shocked and saddened the tragic loss our friend and ceo autumn radtke. 
0 our deepest condolences out her family friends and loved ones. 
0 autumn was inspiration all and she will sorely missed. 
0 the financial services sector has already seen string deaths this year including number suicides. 
0 february year old banker jumped his death from morgans headquarters hong kong. 
0 com news bitcoin exchange ceo found dead suspected suicide. 
2 lol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
2 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
3 read the post above yours someone reddit also said something along the lines requesting for usernames instead vendors are publicly available any marketplace sellers advertising their products. 
4 posts reddit lead. 
4 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump. 
5 just frim having fun. 
6 open tails your main and into the bootloader files sorry cant point right now you can add the bridge word the startup options will automatically boot into bridge mode not sure how get remember the bridge settings though. 
7 havent been its forums quite long time but one thing noticed and really didnt like was their shady little practice moving important relevant topics sections one will ever see them. 
7 one the last posts had there was asking for mod answer why the scammer was still vending there. 
7 got moved customer support where one would see. 
7 mod could move thread. 
7 but not answer. 
7 far know still vending there. 
8 yeah shes limping horse but not quite dead. 
8 lol would hilarious they did pay everyone back again and end stronger than ever but just optimist trying because have pending balanace like many others. 
9 hope gets sorted out like this market lot good vendors. 
10 vendor imported hash and mdma and others and that list. 
10 dont know what think about. 
11 from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
11 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
11 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
11 the agora forum there full list all users. 
11 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
11 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
11 this list should removed completely. 
12 from gbm march pmquote from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
12 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
12 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
12 the agora forum there full list all users. 
12 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
12 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
12 this list should removed completely. 
12 thats kind stupid having list any kind. 
12 sure hey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey. 
13 from sorrymario march pmquote from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
13 use simple machine forums also but there option available view full list users maybe the list can removed from agora. 
14 the top forum page have used number times. 
14 just click member icon top forum page and you get dropdown box that gives you option type and search for member name only other option view the full list members. 
15 hello matesis agora down just under maintenance. 
16 from nevermind march pmhello officer how nice you drop. 
16 give warm regards leo ura fag you know him hes yur cptni like everyone else said clu retard for him calling reddit mods. 
16 youre better mate. 
16 wish people would stop this bullshit accusing everyone being police when they read something they dont like. 
17 was surfing evolution market and found this. 
17 onion listing this fucking real. 
18 for fun thats good and nice see around ils stay safe. 
19 from turtletime march pmagora scamming. 
19 you have absolutely evidence that outside your own paranoia. 
19 agora going through growing pains. 
19 expanding rapidly and also under dos attacks hackers govts. 
19 for anyone who remembers even the original the one that never scammed anyone and got shutdown suffered outages that lasted for several days back. 
20 from turtletime march pmi have been scammed them. 
20 many people this tread have been scammed them. 
20 maybe people all over the internet have been scammed them. 
20 you are retard and troll. 
20 please leave the darknet. 
20 the stench coming from you incredible. 
20 think all know who the troll turtleboy. 
21 there was great site well. 
21 too loved bmr backopy was well run and well staffed. 
21 the road was also very good did not get until like. 
21 right before ross went down. 
21 was amazing the first time went trolling the site. 
21 must have stayed hours surfing the listings over and over picking every delectable was gonna try when figured out how get sum duckketts. 
21 was sad see his downfall the money hurt but was the loss visionary that hurts more. 
21 has inspired many others but few will carry the torch high did for long backopy which also legend. 
21 these two sites have given much many. 
21 thanks gentleman for giving true freemarket access. 
22 from sorrymario march pmlol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
22 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
22 didnt know this pretty cool. 
23 hope gets sorted out like this market lot good vendors. 
24 from sorrymario march pmquote from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
24 use simple machine forums also but there option available view full list users maybe the list can removed from agora. 
25 vendor imported hash and mdma and others and that list. 
25 dont know what think about. 
26 from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
26 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
26 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
26 the agora forum there full list all users. 
26 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
26 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
26 this list should removed completely. 
27 from gbm march pmquote from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
27 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
27 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
27 the agora forum there full list all users. 
27 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
27 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
27 this list should removed completely. 
27 thats kind stupid having list any kind. 
27 sure hey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey. 
28 the top forum page have used number times. 
28 just click member icon top forum page and you get dropdown box that gives you option type and search for member name only other option view the full list members. 
29 bmr favorite marketplace all time. 
29 even the glory days the original silkroad favored this market will support back anything does ever returns the community. 
29 just thinking about bmr seems warrant the phrase the good days though was operating only few months ago. 
29 think will always favorite marketplace altogether. 
30 very good security with backopy the site was just painfully slow. 
30 when the new one and running any inside info. 
31 bitcoinfog has been taking hours for deposits and withdrawals show. 
31 would recommend staying away for now. 
31 what the alternative. 
32 read the post above yours someone reddit also said something along the lines requesting for usernames instead vendors are publicly available any marketplace sellers advertising their products. 
33 posts reddit lead. 
33 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump. 
34 agora has pretty much top notch hope comes. 
35 from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
35 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
35 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
35 the agora forum there full list all users. 
35 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
35 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
35 this list should removed completely. 
35 thats kind stupid having list any kind. 
36 dont worry guys the smalldick virgin whyusheep has idea what hes talking about hes some pimply virgin that paid someone dos site vain effort get attention seeing his penis will never get any attention other than his hand. 
36 got faith agora team they are the most legit site them all far. 
37 business accounts not personal. 
37 you can use business accounts increments several times daily deposits from different locals with little problem. 
37 stretch out those deposit cities. 
37 deposits this city. 
37 more this city. 
37 skip county over. 
37 deposits this city ect. 
37 businesses make money lol. 
37 youd look successful. 
38 versace keep cash you can since doesnt sound like you need move much. 
38 just take bucket franklins ups store and have pack and ship. 
38 youre committed enmesh yourself with legitamate operation and run things through that. 
38 literally just google how launder money. 
38 one here going give you better advice. 
39 all does anyone have any other contact details for trava other than the usual placed order over week ago and got mail confirming got coin but mail confirming anything sent. 
39 have sent couple mails with reply. 
39 have used them the past the markets with probs but the direct site has worked for far wildey safe mail. 
40 how because put link thread not haha. 
40 use pgp and your common sense there nothing much concern yourself over using. 
41 open tails your main and into the bootloader files sorry cant point right now you can add the bridge word the startup options will automatically boot into bridge mode not sure how get remember the bridge settings though. 
42 from sorrymario march pmquote from turtletime march pmagora scamming. 
42 you have absolutely evidence that outside your own paranoia. 
42 agora going through growing pains. 
42 expanding rapidly and also under dos attacks hackers govts. 
42 for anyone who remembers even the original the one that never scammed anyone and got shutdown suffered outages that lasted for several days back. 
42 have been scammed them. 
42 many people this tread have been scammed them. 
42 maybe people all over the internet have been scammed them. 
42 you are retard and troll. 
42 please leave the darknet. 
43 amusing see people who want believe something bad that they can convince themselves almost anything. 
43 sorry break all your hearts. 
44 for fun thats good and nice see around ils stay safe. 
45 was surfing evolution market and found this. 
45 onion listing this fucking real. 
47 read the post above yours someone reddit also said something along the lines requesting for usernames instead vendors are publicly available any marketplace sellers advertising their products. 
48 from march pmi havent been its forums quite long time but one thing noticed and really didnt like was their shady little practice moving important relevant topics sections one will ever see them. 
48 one the last posts had there was asking for mod answer why the scammer was still vending there. 
48 got moved customer support where one would see. 
48 mod could move thread. 
48 but not answer. 
48 far know still vending there. 
48 there reason for that. 
48 admin the second phase the scam. 
48 the scam using fake feedback vendor accounts that admin mods control. 
48 they collect the money and send product. 
49 did indeed get the info hes stating did would love see how many assholes didnt encrypt their addresses. 
49 that would good day day culling for the fuckoffs. 
49 edit also agora for and asks for captcha now. 
50 pretty sure real hackers dont use reddit for serious business. 
50 most likely hes just some troll maybe its government setup use various javascript attacks anyone who messages him who knows. 
51 why agora when does come scripts come torbrowser. 
52 agoras forum user posted this with the link. 
52 why sheep ahcked agora this latest post theirs pastebin. 
52 org why are you sheep agora went down few hours ago because was attacking. 
52 got there database smash and grab here list ofall the vendors. 
52 will leak password hashes and plain text addresses buyersthat were too stupid use pgp. 
52 they dont contact whyusheep within hours either pay they can close shop. 
52 after that another hours and will start leaking the owners bitcoinfog and agora. 
53 posts reddit lead. 
53 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump. 
54 just frim having fun. 
55 org that message. 
56 dont think its ddos attack. 
56 can intermittently log agora seems their not under attack. 
56 guess that its just traffic problems since they have ton new users. 
57 from rumpel foreskin march amon agoras forum user posted this with the link. 
57 why sheep ahcked agora this latest post theirs pastebin. 
57 org why are you sheep agora went down few hours ago because was attacking. 
57 got there database smash and grab here list ofall the vendors. 
57 will leak password hashes and plain text addresses buyersthat were too stupid use pgp. 
57 they dont contact whyusheep within hours either pay they can close shop. 
57 after that another hours and will start leaking the owners bitcoinfog and agora. 
57 whyusheep notorious reddit troll who couldnt hack phlegm had emphysema. 
57 anybody who registers agora can compile list vendors. 
57 ted agora why isnt giving list buyer accounts. 
58 the american head first meta exchange for the controversial digital currency has been found dead her apartment singapore. 
58 the body autumn radtke was discovered february. 
58 authorities are now awaiting toxicology reports the exact cause death. 
58 gox seeks court protection after million losswisconsin native radtke started her tech career virgin charter where she worked with billionaire richard branson. 
58 she also worked apple well tech start ups xfire and geodelic. 
58 she became ceo bitcoin exchange first meta. 
58 radtkes death the latest string bad news surrounding the digital currency which recent weeks has seen the. 
58 gox exchange collapse after the disappearance million and the closure flexcoin following robbery. 
58 related bitcoin bank flexcoin shuts after theftdouglas adams first metas non executive chairman said statement that the company was shocked and saddened radtkes passing. 
58 the first meta team shocked and saddened the tragic loss our friend and ceo autumn radtke. 
58 our deepest condolences out her family friends and loved ones. 
58 autumn was inspiration all and she will sorely missed. 
58 the financial services sector has already seen string deaths this year including number suicides. 
58 february year old banker jumped his death from morgans headquarters hong kong. 
58 com news bitcoin exchange ceo found dead suspected suicide. 
59 from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
59 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
59 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
59 the agora forum there full list all users. 
59 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
59 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
59 this list should removed completely. 
60 hope gets sorted out like this market lot good vendors. 
61 vendor imported hash and mdma and others and that list. 
61 dont know what think about. 
62 from gbm march pmquote from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
62 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
62 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
62 the agora forum there full list all users. 
62 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
62 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
62 this list should removed completely. 
62 thats kind stupid having list any kind. 
62 sure hey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey. 
63 from sorrymario march pmquote from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
63 use simple machine forums also but there option available view full list users maybe the list can removed from agora. 
64 the top forum page have used number times. 
64 just click member icon top forum page and you get dropdown box that gives you option type and search for member name only other option view the full list members. 
66 problem fixed just had set system clock utc which tails uses. 
67 not bridge mode only allows you connect via bridges. 
67 but boot tails normally can connect without issue. 
67 says something about the system clock not sync the messages. 
68 from nevermind march pmhello officer how nice you drop. 
68 give warm regards leo ura fag you know him hes yur cptni like everyone else said clu retard for him calling reddit mods. 
68 youre better mate. 
68 wish people would stop this bullshit accusing everyone being police when they read something they dont like. 
69 had feeling that might the case. 
70 agora has pretty much top notch hope comes. 
71 was hoping this was about gox. 
72 has anyone else noticed this know that bitcoinfog has been very slow releasing peoples deposits this last week fact many people myself included still have not received their withdrawals from days ago. 
72 but now both agora and bitcoinfogs websites appear down. 
72 please let know anyone else has had any luck getting either site the last hour youve heard any news this issue. 
72 thank you everyone. 
73 from gumby march amsomeone performed security analysis bitmessage almost year ago. 
73 things may have improved but its worth read. 
73 org forum index. 
73 thanks for the link. 
74 just read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
74 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
74 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
74 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
74 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email. 
75 from sorrymario march pmlol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
75 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
75 didnt know this pretty cool. 
76 there was great site well. 
76 too loved bmr backopy was well run and well staffed. 
76 the road was also very good did not get until like. 
76 right before ross went down. 
76 was amazing the first time went trolling the site. 
76 must have stayed hours surfing the listings over and over picking every delectable was gonna try when figured out how get sum duckketts. 
76 was sad see his downfall the money hurt but was the loss visionary that hurts more. 
76 has inspired many others but few will carry the torch high did for long backopy which also legend. 
76 these two sites have given much many. 
76 thanks gentleman for giving true freemarket access. 
77 yeah shes limping horse but not quite dead. 
77 lol would hilarious they did pay everyone back again and end stronger than ever but just optimist trying because have pending balanace like many others. 
78 havent been its forums quite long time but one thing noticed and really didnt like was their shady little practice moving important relevant topics sections one will ever see them. 
78 one the last posts had there was asking for mod answer why the scammer was still vending there. 
78 got moved customer support where one would see. 
78 mod could move thread. 
78 but not answer. 
78 far know still vending there. 
79 lol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
79 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
80 how because put link thread not haha. 
80 use pgp and your common sense there nothing much concern yourself over using. 
81 did indeed get the info hes stating did would love see how many assholes didnt encrypt their addresses. 
81 that would good day day culling for the fuckoffs. 
81 edit also agora for and asks for captcha now. 
82 agoras forum user posted this with the link. 
82 why sheep ahcked agora this latest post theirs pastebin. 
82 org why are you sheep agora went down few hours ago because was attacking. 
82 got there database smash and grab here list ofall the vendors. 
82 will leak password hashes and plain text addresses buyersthat were too stupid use pgp. 
82 they dont contact whyusheep within hours either pay they can close shop. 
82 after that another hours and will start leaking the owners bitcoinfog and agora. 
83 pretty sure real hackers dont use reddit for serious business. 
83 most likely hes just some troll maybe its government setup use various javascript attacks anyone who messages him who knows. 
85 why agora when does come scripts come torbrowser. 
86 dont worry guys the smalldick virgin whyusheep has idea what hes talking about hes some pimply virgin that paid someone dos site vain effort get attention seeing his penis will never get any attention other than his hand. 
86 got faith agora team they are the most legit site them all far. 
87 had feeling that might the case. 
88 from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
88 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
88 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
88 the agora forum there full list all users. 
88 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
88 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
88 this list should removed completely. 
88 thats kind stupid having list any kind. 
89 agora has pretty much top notch hope comes. 
90 how about big lotus flower the login screne. 
90 havs anyone ever not been calmed the sight lotus full bloom that beeing said like the current logo banditos for hire catch you can fuck. 
91 just call eash maket jesus market allah maret vishnuu market buddah market mormon mrket stc. 
91 all lead agora eveyone happy. 
92 read the post above yours someone reddit also said something along the lines requesting for usernames instead vendors are publicly available any marketplace sellers advertising their products. 
93 posts reddit lead. 
93 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump. 
94 use torchat sometimes but anything send pertaining stuff the darknet encrypted with pgp matter what service using. 
94 believe anything thats sent eletronically can stored even chat programs like bitmessage and torchat. 
94 the new article out that was busted because the fbi got the backup servers just make feel uneasy about sending anything without being pgp encrypted. 
95 just read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
95 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
95 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
95 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
95 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email. 
96 from gumby march amsomeone performed security analysis bitmessage almost year ago. 
96 things may have improved but its worth read. 
96 org forum index. 
96 thanks for the link. 
97 business accounts not personal. 
97 you can use business accounts increments several times daily deposits from different locals with little problem. 
97 stretch out those deposit cities. 
97 deposits this city. 
97 more this city. 
97 skip county over. 
97 deposits this city ect. 
97 businesses make money lol. 
97 youd look successful. 
98 versace keep cash you can since doesnt sound like you need move much. 
98 just take bucket franklins ups store and have pack and ship. 
98 youre committed enmesh yourself with legitamate operation and run things through that. 
98 literally just google how launder money. 
98 one here going give you better advice. 
99 hello hub many you may interested hiding the use tor from your isp. 
99 some isps are already under federal orders maintain databases addresses connecting tor nodes and this point you should expect the collecting that data. 
99 there nice solution other than vpn services which can prove not helpful depending how you configure your pathway into tor you choose bad vpn service called pluggable transports that give you bridge connect tor. 
99 bridge address that connects you tor possibly unknown tor bridge. 
99 using these will hide that you are using known tor node. 
99 obfs bridge bridge that has data packets disguised normal data hides the surface that you are using tor. 
99 vulnerable dpi deep packet inspection capability the fbi nsa. 
99 roughly exist understand using them can pool you into smaller group. 
99 solution host your own vps the tor cloud serviceobfs resistent dpi ultimately the safest bridge completely masks your data packets. 
99 the only problem that they are few number thus pooling you into yet smaller group. 
99 the more people host the infinitely stronger tor becomes torproject and look some bridges obfs and obfs bridges the more you have the better. 
99 now boot tails bridge mode. 
99 wait til the menu for live live failsafe comes. 
99 hit tab and then hit spacebar and enter the word bridge which will launch tails bridge mode. 
99 from here set the system clock sync with utc time. 
99 the menu for adding bridges will open automatically with attached. 
99 some other number not delete this necessary for bridge mode run. 
99 add your bridges one time and hit the button connect tor bit more safely tails working implenting support for flashproxy the next huge tool tor anynomity. 
99 once that deployed for tails would heavily consider implementing that technology. 
99 there special pluggable transports tor browser bundle that configured run bridges automatically which supports flashproxy matter time. 
99 the tor cloud service great way host free private obfs bridge. 
99 you want strengthen tor think about hosting public bridge obfs bridge safe lovies. 
100 all does anyone have any other contact details for trava other than the usual placed order over week ago and got mail confirming got coin but mail confirming anything sent. 
100 have sent couple mails with reply. 
100 have used them the past the markets with probs but the direct site has worked for far wildey safe mail. 
101 havent been its forums quite long time but one thing noticed and really didnt like was their shady little practice moving important relevant topics sections one will ever see them. 
101 one the last posts had there was asking for mod answer why the scammer was still vending there. 
101 got moved customer support where one would see. 
101 mod could move thread. 
101 but not answer. 
101 far know still vending there. 
102 amusing see people who want believe something bad that they can convince themselves almost anything. 
102 sorry break all your hearts. 
103 from sorrymario march pmquote from turtletime march pmagora scamming. 
103 you have absolutely evidence that outside your own paranoia. 
103 agora going through growing pains. 
103 expanding rapidly and also under dos attacks hackers govts. 
103 for anyone who remembers even the original the one that never scammed anyone and got shutdown suffered outages that lasted for several days back. 
103 have been scammed them. 
103 many people this tread have been scammed them. 
103 maybe people all over the internet have been scammed them. 
103 you are retard and troll. 
103 please leave the darknet. 
104 open tails your main and into the bootloader files sorry cant point right now you can add the bridge word the startup options will automatically boot into bridge mode not sure how get remember the bridge settings though. 
105 from sorrymario march pmlol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
105 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
105 didnt know this pretty cool. 
106 hope gets sorted out like this market lot good vendors. 
107 vendor imported hash and mdma and others and that list. 
107 dont know what think about. 
108 from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
108 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
108 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
108 the agora forum there full list all users. 
108 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
108 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
108 this list should removed completely. 
109 from gbm march pmquote from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
109 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
109 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
109 the agora forum there full list all users. 
109 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
109 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
109 this list should removed completely. 
109 thats kind stupid having list any kind. 
109 sure hey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey. 
110 from sorrymario march pmquote from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
110 use simple machine forums also but there option available view full list users maybe the list can removed from agora. 
111 the top forum page have used number times. 
111 just click member icon top forum page and you get dropdown box that gives you option type and search for member name only other option view the full list members. 
112 all does anyone have any other contact details for trava other than the usual placed order over week ago and got mail confirming got coin but mail confirming anything sent. 
112 have sent couple mails with reply. 
112 have used them the past the markets with probs but the direct site has worked for far wildey safe mail. 
113 its all now. 
113 very slownearely days for the deposite show. 
113 normal withdraw complete. 
114 how because put link thread not haha. 
114 use pgp and your common sense there nothing much concern yourself over using. 
115 was hoping this was about gox. 
116 from sorrymario march pmquote from turtletime march pmagora scamming. 
116 you have absolutely evidence that outside your own paranoia. 
116 agora going through growing pains. 
116 expanding rapidly and also under dos attacks hackers govts. 
116 for anyone who remembers even the original the one that never scammed anyone and got shutdown suffered outages that lasted for several days back. 
116 have been scammed them. 
116 many people this tread have been scammed them. 
116 maybe people all over the internet have been scammed them. 
116 you are retard and troll. 
116 please leave the darknet. 
117 amusing see people who want believe something bad that they can convince themselves almost anything. 
117 sorry break all your hearts. 
118 blond wigfog has been taking hours for deposits and withdrawals show. 
118 would recommend staying away for now. 
118 what the alternative. 
119 versace keep cash you can since doesnt sound like you need move much. 
119 just take bucket franklins ups store and have pack and ship. 
119 youre committed enmesh yourself with legitamate operation and run things through that. 
119 literally just google how launder money. 
119 one here going give you better advice. 
120 business accounts not personal. 
120 you can use business accounts increments several times daily deposits from different locals with little problem. 
120 stretch out those deposit cities. 
120 deposits this city. 
120 more this city. 
120 skip county over. 
120 deposits this city ect. 
120 businesses make money lol. 
120 youd look successful. 
121 found this reddit original paste follows post begin pgp signed message hash sha have taken into consideration the current events and decided take the servers offline for investigation the effects the ongoing dos attack. 
121 estimate that need maximum hours for this and everything should online again utc. 
121 begin pgp signature version yvgrqp jlg mmh mpofbrds kirkuvsoy aoioy rvrcfo whx bmvzkaf cki znfvt uvwv zamwbiymbs wmfons kwbri vdh mvwjunu gvdu hfujvb swjmkflfzkswk cttyfl elbajdxqxjr qygq bpaory fzn byvxbmfiedaf zpfkoj hjaxusfd daqbmgm mwstnug xsgskmoko sun jlozgvkwcr nat ubpkdwg ljvawgys smb lfhv feyq ghgr vayknreyeb nnl jmg hisattg ikcdhr gyjmnzesb ccgoxq tpabv clvyz ijofjtu qllbnpwis vfqndw hlrwcl kpymshcmyvh mco clvegghfvbunn end pgp signature. 
122 since the firefox cant establish connection the server appears almost immediately assumed they took the site offline deal with the dos. 
123 from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
123 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
123 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
124 from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
125 from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
125 use simple machine forums also but there option available view full list users maybe the list can removed from agora. 
125 have not seen any option agora see the full user list although bmr and utopia had that because they used punbb. 
125 are you sure there. 
126 the signed text legit too code select gpg signature made thu mar utc using rsa key gpg good signature from agora one primary key fingerprint gpg textmode signature digest algorithm sha. 
127 bitcoins easy steps. 
127 how does work. 
127 advertise the pirate market somewhere. 
127 create image and upload anony. 
127 send private message with your username the pirate market image link and link the advertisment. 
128 from paesmem march miss stexo didnt expect hear anyone say that again. 
129 from march pmi dont think its ddos attack. 
129 can intermittently log agora seems their not under attack. 
129 guess that its just traffic problems since they have ton new users. 
129 ddos attack would allow the odd legitamate user though and ddos definition traffic problem. 
130 htmlquotethank you investigating the issue right now. 
130 this bug has indeed existed was due the server not handling the dos attack properly and must have been random occurrence with possibility exploit purposefully. 
130 this time have made general asset check and can confirm that large sums money are missing. 
130 anything all was missing due this shall account the lost ourselves since that case the server should have been more ddos proof. 
130 this time dont see reason shutdown access the service but shall update this changes. 
131 quotewe have taken into consideration the current events and decided take the servers offline for investigation the effects the ongoing dos attack. 
131 estimate that need maximum hours for this and everything should online again utc. 
132 whyusheep notorious reddit troll who couldnt hack phlegm had emphysema. 
132 anybody who registers agora can compile list vendors. 
132 ted agora why isnt giving list buyer accounts got love this. 
132 whyusheep has tendacny for sticking his hand any interent imnstability. 
132 suggest has death wish. 
133 from turtletime march pmagora scamming. 
133 you have absolutely evidence that outside your own paranoia. 
133 agora going through growing pains. 
133 expanding rapidly and also under dos attacks hackers govts. 
133 for anyone who remembers even the original the one that never scammed anyone and got shutdown suffered outages that lasted for several days back. 
134 from turtletime march pmi have been scammed them. 
134 many people this tread have been scammed them. 
134 maybe people all over the internet have been scammed them. 
134 you are retard and troll. 
134 please leave the darknet. 
134 the stench coming from you incredible. 
134 think all know who the troll turtleboy. 
135 found this reddit original paste follows post begin pgp signed message hash sha have taken into consideration the current events and decided take the servers offline for investigation the effects the ongoing dos attack. 
135 estimate that need maximum hours for this and everything should online again utc. 
135 begin pgp signature version yvgrqp jlg mmh mpofbrds kirkuvsoy aoioy rvrcfo whx bmvzkaf cki znfvt uvwv zamwbiymbs wmfons kwbri vdh mvwjunu gvdu hfujvb swjmkflfzkswk cttyfl elbajdxqxjr qygq bpaory fzn byvxbmfiedaf zpfkoj hjaxusfd daqbmgm mwstnug xsgskmoko sun jlozgvkwcr nat ubpkdwg ljvawgys smb lfhv feyq ghgr vayknreyeb nnl jmg hisattg ikcdhr gyjmnzesb ccgoxq tpabv clvyz ijofjtu qllbnpwis vfqndw hlrwcl kpymshcmyvh mco clvegghfvbunn end pgp signature. 
136 since the firefox cant establish connection the server appears almost immediately assumed they took the site offline deal with the dos. 
137 from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
137 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
137 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
138 from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
139 from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
139 use simple machine forums also but there option available view full list users maybe the list can removed from agora. 
139 have not seen any option agora see the full user list although bmr and utopia had that because they used punbb. 
139 are you sure there. 
140 the signed text legit too code select gpg signature made thu mar utc using rsa key gpg good signature from agora one primary key fingerprint gpg textmode signature digest algorithm sha. 
141 hello matesis agora down just under maintenance. 
142 its all now. 
142 very slownearely days for the deposite show. 
142 normal withdraw complete. 
143 use torchat sometimes but anything send pertaining stuff the darknet encrypted with pgp matter what service using. 
143 believe anything thats sent eletronically can stored even chat programs like bitmessage and torchat. 
143 the new article out that was busted because the fbi got the backup servers just make feel uneasy about sending anything without being pgp encrypted. 
144 yeah told you that. 
144 awful curious huh have. 
144 org wiki comparison shopping cart software. 
144 org wiki comparison web application give you idea. 
144 everything has php the front and mysql the back. 
144 youre planning setting marketplace let know. 
145 reports missing btc deposits are usually from impatient newbies who panic and not report back when the money shows. 
145 agora rocks its new home. 
146 from sorrymario march pmquote from turtletime march pmi have been scammed them. 
146 many people this tread have been scammed them. 
146 maybe people all over the internet have been scammed them. 
146 you are retard and troll. 
146 please leave the darknet. 
146 the stench coming from you incredible. 
146 think all know who the troll. 
146 the moment the face evidence support his theory its looking like turtle the troll here unless you can substantiate your claims theres evidence anyone being scammed this thread and please dont deface thread started with slurs this isnt the thread the forum for that. 
146 you have verifiable evidence then people will listen. 
146 otherwise return your sub bridge residence and live your life peace please. 
147 bmr favorite marketplace all time. 
147 even the glory days the original silkroad favored this market will support back anything does ever returns the community. 
147 just thinking about bmr seems warrant the phrase the good days though was operating only few months ago. 
147 think will always favorite marketplace altogether. 
149 open tails your main and into the bootloader files sorry cant point right now you can add the bridge word the startup options will automatically boot into bridge mode not sure how get remember the bridge settings though. 
150 from sorrymario march pmquote from turtletime march pmagora scamming. 
150 you have absolutely evidence that outside your own paranoia. 
150 agora going through growing pains. 
150 expanding rapidly and also under dos attacks hackers govts. 
150 for anyone who remembers even the original the one that never scammed anyone and got shutdown suffered outages that lasted for several days back. 
150 have been scammed them. 
150 many people this tread have been scammed them. 
150 maybe people all over the internet have been scammed them. 
150 you are retard and troll. 
150 please leave the darknet. 
151 amusing see people who want believe something bad that they can convince themselves almost anything. 
151 sorry break all your hearts. 
152 for fun thats good and nice see around ils stay safe. 
153 was surfing evolution market and found this. 
153 onion listing this fucking real. 
155 read the post above yours someone reddit also said something along the lines requesting for usernames instead vendors are publicly available any marketplace sellers advertising their products. 
156 from march pmi havent been its forums quite long time but one thing noticed and really didnt like was their shady little practice moving important relevant topics sections one will ever see them. 
156 one the last posts had there was asking for mod answer why the scammer was still vending there. 
156 got moved customer support where one would see. 
156 mod could move thread. 
156 but not answer. 
156 far know still vending there. 
156 there reason for that. 
156 admin the second phase the scam. 
156 the scam using fake feedback vendor accounts that admin mods control. 
156 they collect the money and send product. 
157 did indeed get the info hes stating did would love see how many assholes didnt encrypt their addresses. 
157 that would good day day culling for the fuckoffs. 
157 edit also agora for and asks for captcha now. 
158 pretty sure real hackers dont use reddit for serious business. 
158 most likely hes just some troll maybe its government setup use various javascript attacks anyone who messages him who knows. 
159 why agora when does come scripts come torbrowser. 
160 agoras forum user posted this with the link. 
160 why sheep ahcked agora this latest post theirs pastebin. 
160 org why are you sheep agora went down few hours ago because was attacking. 
160 got there database smash and grab here list ofall the vendors. 
160 will leak password hashes and plain text addresses buyersthat were too stupid use pgp. 
160 they dont contact whyusheep within hours either pay they can close shop. 
160 after that another hours and will start leaking the owners bitcoinfog and agora. 
161 posts reddit lead. 
161 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump. 
162 just frim having fun. 
163 org that message. 
164 dont think its ddos attack. 
164 can intermittently log agora seems their not under attack. 
164 guess that its just traffic problems since they have ton new users. 
165 from rumpel foreskin march amon agoras forum user posted this with the link. 
165 why sheep ahcked agora this latest post theirs pastebin. 
165 org why are you sheep agora went down few hours ago because was attacking. 
165 got there database smash and grab here list ofall the vendors. 
165 will leak password hashes and plain text addresses buyersthat were too stupid use pgp. 
165 they dont contact whyusheep within hours either pay they can close shop. 
165 after that another hours and will start leaking the owners bitcoinfog and agora. 
165 whyusheep notorious reddit troll who couldnt hack phlegm had emphysema. 
165 anybody who registers agora can compile list vendors. 
165 ted agora why isnt giving list buyer accounts. 
166 the american head first meta exchange for the controversial digital currency has been found dead her apartment singapore. 
166 the body autumn radtke was discovered february. 
166 authorities are now awaiting toxicology reports the exact cause death. 
166 gox seeks court protection after million losswisconsin native radtke started her tech career virgin charter where she worked with billionaire richard branson. 
166 she also worked apple well tech start ups xfire and geodelic. 
166 she became ceo bitcoin exchange first meta. 
166 radtkes death the latest string bad news surrounding the digital currency which recent weeks has seen the. 
166 gox exchange collapse after the disappearance million and the closure flexcoin following robbery. 
166 related bitcoin bank flexcoin shuts after theftdouglas adams first metas non executive chairman said statement that the company was shocked and saddened radtkes passing. 
166 the first meta team shocked and saddened the tragic loss our friend and ceo autumn radtke. 
166 our deepest condolences out her family friends and loved ones. 
166 autumn was inspiration all and she will sorely missed. 
166 the financial services sector has already seen string deaths this year including number suicides. 
166 february year old banker jumped his death from morgans headquarters hong kong. 
166 com news bitcoin exchange ceo found dead suspected suicide. 
167 from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
167 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
167 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
167 the agora forum there full list all users. 
167 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
167 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
167 this list should removed completely. 
168 hope gets sorted out like this market lot good vendors. 
169 vendor imported hash and mdma and others and that list. 
169 dont know what think about. 
170 from gbm march pmquote from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
170 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
170 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
170 the agora forum there full list all users. 
170 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
170 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
170 this list should removed completely. 
170 thats kind stupid having list any kind. 
170 sure hey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey. 
171 from sorrymario march pmquote from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
171 use simple machine forums also but there option available view full list users maybe the list can removed from agora. 
172 the top forum page have used number times. 
172 just click member icon top forum page and you get dropdown box that gives you option type and search for member name only other option view the full list members. 
174 problem fixed just had set system clock utc which tails uses. 
175 not bridge mode only allows you connect via bridges. 
175 but boot tails normally can connect without issue. 
175 says something about the system clock not sync the messages. 
176 from nevermind march pmhello officer how nice you drop. 
176 give warm regards leo ura fag you know him hes yur cptni like everyone else said clu retard for him calling reddit mods. 
176 youre better mate. 
176 wish people would stop this bullshit accusing everyone being police when they read something they dont like. 
177 had feeling that might the case. 
178 agora has pretty much top notch hope comes. 
179 was hoping this was about gox. 
180 has anyone else noticed this know that bitcoinfog has been very slow releasing peoples deposits this last week fact many people myself included still have not received their withdrawals from days ago. 
180 but now both agora and bitcoinfogs websites appear down. 
180 please let know anyone else has had any luck getting either site the last hour youve heard any news this issue. 
180 thank you everyone. 
181 from gumby march amsomeone performed security analysis bitmessage almost year ago. 
181 things may have improved but its worth read. 
181 org forum index. 
181 thanks for the link. 
182 just read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
182 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
182 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
182 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
182 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email. 
183 from sorrymario march pmlol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
183 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
183 didnt know this pretty cool. 
184 there was great site well. 
184 too loved bmr backopy was well run and well staffed. 
184 the road was also very good did not get until like. 
184 right before ross went down. 
184 was amazing the first time went trolling the site. 
184 must have stayed hours surfing the listings over and over picking every delectable was gonna try when figured out how get sum duckketts. 
184 was sad see his downfall the money hurt but was the loss visionary that hurts more. 
184 has inspired many others but few will carry the torch high did for long backopy which also legend. 
184 these two sites have given much many. 
184 thanks gentleman for giving true freemarket access. 
185 yeah shes limping horse but not quite dead. 
185 lol would hilarious they did pay everyone back again and end stronger than ever but just optimist trying because have pending balanace like many others. 
186 havent been its forums quite long time but one thing noticed and really didnt like was their shady little practice moving important relevant topics sections one will ever see them. 
186 one the last posts had there was asking for mod answer why the scammer was still vending there. 
186 got moved customer support where one would see. 
186 mod could move thread. 
186 but not answer. 
186 far know still vending there. 
187 lol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
187 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
188 from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
188 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
188 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
188 the agora forum there full list all users. 
188 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
188 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
188 this list should removed completely. 
188 thats kind stupid having list any kind. 
189 dont worry guys the smalldick virgin whyusheep has idea what hes talking about hes some pimply virgin that paid someone dos site vain effort get attention seeing his penis will never get any attention other than his hand. 
189 got faith agora team they are the most legit site them all far. 
190 how about big lotus flower the login screne. 
190 havs anyone ever not been calmed the sight lotus full bloom that beeing said like the current logo banditos for hire catch you can fuck. 
191 all does anyone have any other contact details for trava other than the usual placed order over week ago and got mail confirming got coin but mail confirming anything sent. 
191 have sent couple mails with reply. 
191 have used them the past the markets with probs but the direct site has worked for far wildey safe mail. 
192 bitcoins easy steps. 
192 how does work. 
192 advertise the pirate market somewhere. 
192 create image and upload anony. 
192 send private message with your username the pirate market image link and link the advertisment. 
193 had some funds that took over day show fog the past three days. 
193 and agora isnt loading well for now. 
193 dont think these things are related frankly. 
193 think agora just having tor bandwidth issues its the new premier market. 
193 think fog has been having issues and they are aware. 
193 perhaps they are both under ddos attacks from the gubmint but thats pure speculation. 
194 wouldnt you think that really hacked agora thered little more about though other than people reporting the site down its been down for more than just day least thats what ive seen. 
194 but who knows after all that these dark net sites have been through nothing surprises anymore. 
194 wish there was way could really assured sites security. 
194 there are many marketplaces the dark web now some them could ran clowns. 
195 has anyone else noticed this know that bitcoinfog has been very slow releasing peoples deposits this last week fact many people myself included still have not received their withdrawals from days ago. 
195 but now both agora and bitcoinfogs websites appear down. 
195 please let know anyone else has had any luck getting either site the last hour youve heard any news this issue. 
195 thank you everyone. 
196 hello hub many you may interested hiding the use tor from your isp. 
196 some isps are already under federal orders maintain databases addresses connecting tor nodes and this point you should expect the collecting that data. 
196 there nice solution other than vpn services which can prove not helpful depending how you configure your pathway into tor you choose bad vpn service called pluggable transports that give you bridge connect tor. 
196 bridge address that connects you tor possibly unknown tor bridge. 
196 using these will hide that you are using known tor node. 
196 obfs bridge bridge that has data packets disguised normal data hides the surface that you are using tor. 
196 vulnerable dpi deep packet inspection capability the fbi nsa. 
196 roughly exist understand using them can pool you into smaller group. 
196 solution host your own vps the tor cloud serviceobfs resistent dpi ultimately the safest bridge completely masks your data packets. 
196 the only problem that they are few number thus pooling you into yet smaller group. 
196 the more people host the infinitely stronger tor becomes torproject and look some bridges obfs and obfs bridges the more you have the better. 
196 now boot tails bridge mode. 
196 wait til the menu for live live failsafe comes. 
196 hit tab and then hit spacebar and enter the word bridge which will launch tails bridge mode. 
196 from here set the system clock sync with utc time. 
196 the menu for adding bridges will open automatically with attached. 
196 some other number not delete this necessary for bridge mode run. 
196 add your bridges one time and hit the button connect tor bit more safely tails working implenting support for flashproxy the next huge tool tor anynomity. 
196 once that deployed for tails would heavily consider implementing that technology. 
196 there special pluggable transports tor browser bundle that configured run bridges automatically which supports flashproxy matter time. 
196 the tor cloud service great way host free private obfs bridge. 
196 you want strengthen tor think about hosting public bridge obfs bridge safe lovies. 
197 business accounts not personal. 
197 you can use business accounts increments several times daily deposits from different locals with little problem. 
197 stretch out those deposit cities. 
197 deposits this city. 
197 more this city. 
197 skip county over. 
197 deposits this city ect. 
197 businesses make money lol. 
197 youd look successful. 
198 versace keep cash you can since doesnt sound like you need move much. 
198 just take bucket franklins ups store and have pack and ship. 
198 youre committed enmesh yourself with legitamate operation and run things through that. 
198 literally just google how launder money. 
198 one here going give you better advice. 
199 bmr favorite marketplace all time. 
199 even the glory days the original silkroad favored this market will support back anything does ever returns the community. 
199 just thinking about bmr seems warrant the phrase the good days though was operating only few months ago. 
199 think will always favorite marketplace altogether. 
200 very good security with backopy the site was just painfully slow. 
200 when the new one and running any inside info. 
201 just call eash maket jesus market allah maret vishnuu market buddah market mormon mrket stc. 
201 all lead agora eveyone happy. 
202 from paesmem march miss stexo didnt expect hear anyone say that again. 
203 from march pmi dont think its ddos attack. 
203 can intermittently log agora seems their not under attack. 
203 guess that its just traffic problems since they have ton new users. 
203 ddos attack would allow the odd legitamate user though and ddos definition traffic problem. 
204 htmlquotethank you investigating the issue right now. 
204 this bug has indeed existed was due the server not handling the dos attack properly and must have been random occurrence with possibility exploit purposefully. 
204 this time have made general asset check and can confirm that large sums money are missing. 
204 anything all was missing due this shall account the lost ourselves since that case the server should have been more ddos proof. 
204 this time dont see reason shutdown access the service but shall update this changes. 
205 quotewe have taken into consideration the current events and decided take the servers offline for investigation the effects the ongoing dos attack. 
205 estimate that need maximum hours for this and everything should online again utc. 
206 whyusheep notorious reddit troll who couldnt hack phlegm had emphysema. 
206 anybody who registers agora can compile list vendors. 
206 ted agora why isnt giving list buyer accounts got love this. 
206 whyusheep has tendacny for sticking his hand any interent imnstability. 
206 suggest has death wish. 
207 from turtletime march pmagora scamming. 
207 you have absolutely evidence that outside your own paranoia. 
207 agora going through growing pains. 
207 expanding rapidly and also under dos attacks hackers govts. 
207 for anyone who remembers even the original the one that never scammed anyone and got shutdown suffered outages that lasted for several days back. 
208 from turtletime march pmi have been scammed them. 
208 many people this tread have been scammed them. 
208 maybe people all over the internet have been scammed them. 
208 you are retard and troll. 
208 please leave the darknet. 
208 the stench coming from you incredible. 
208 think all know who the troll turtleboy. 
209 found this reddit original paste follows post begin pgp signed message hash sha have taken into consideration the current events and decided take the servers offline for investigation the effects the ongoing dos attack. 
209 estimate that need maximum hours for this and everything should online again utc. 
209 begin pgp signature version yvgrqp jlg mmh mpofbrds kirkuvsoy aoioy rvrcfo whx bmvzkaf cki znfvt uvwv zamwbiymbs wmfons kwbri vdh mvwjunu gvdu hfujvb swjmkflfzkswk cttyfl elbajdxqxjr qygq bpaory fzn byvxbmfiedaf zpfkoj hjaxusfd daqbmgm mwstnug xsgskmoko sun jlozgvkwcr nat ubpkdwg ljvawgys smb lfhv feyq ghgr vayknreyeb nnl jmg hisattg ikcdhr gyjmnzesb ccgoxq tpabv clvyz ijofjtu qllbnpwis vfqndw hlrwcl kpymshcmyvh mco clvegghfvbunn end pgp signature. 
210 since the firefox cant establish connection the server appears almost immediately assumed they took the site offline deal with the dos. 
211 from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
211 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
211 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
212 from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
213 from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
213 use simple machine forums also but there option available view full list users maybe the list can removed from agora. 
213 have not seen any option agora see the full user list although bmr and utopia had that because they used punbb. 
213 are you sure there. 
214 the signed text legit too code select gpg signature made thu mar utc using rsa key gpg good signature from agora one primary key fingerprint gpg textmode signature digest algorithm sha. 
215 hello matesis agora down just under maintenance. 
216 its all now. 
216 very slownearely days for the deposite show. 
216 normal withdraw complete. 
217 use torchat sometimes but anything send pertaining stuff the darknet encrypted with pgp matter what service using. 
217 believe anything thats sent eletronically can stored even chat programs like bitmessage and torchat. 
217 the new article out that was busted because the fbi got the backup servers just make feel uneasy about sending anything without being pgp encrypted. 
218 yeah told you that. 
218 awful curious huh have. 
218 org wiki comparison shopping cart software. 
218 org wiki comparison web application give you idea. 
218 everything has php the front and mysql the back. 
218 youre planning setting marketplace let know. 
219 for fun thats good and nice see around ils stay safe. 
220 was surfing evolution market and found this. 
220 onion listing this fucking real. 
222 read the post above yours someone reddit also said something along the lines requesting for usernames instead vendors are publicly available any marketplace sellers advertising their products. 
223 from march pmi havent been its forums quite long time but one thing noticed and really didnt like was their shady little practice moving important relevant topics sections one will ever see them. 
223 one the last posts had there was asking for mod answer why the scammer was still vending there. 
223 got moved customer support where one would see. 
223 mod could move thread. 
223 but not answer. 
223 far know still vending there. 
223 there reason for that. 
223 admin the second phase the scam. 
223 the scam using fake feedback vendor accounts that admin mods control. 
223 they collect the money and send product. 
224 did indeed get the info hes stating did would love see how many assholes didnt encrypt their addresses. 
224 that would good day day culling for the fuckoffs. 
224 edit also agora for and asks for captcha now. 
225 pretty sure real hackers dont use reddit for serious business. 
225 most likely hes just some troll maybe its government setup use various javascript attacks anyone who messages him who knows. 
226 why agora when does come scripts come torbrowser. 
227 agoras forum user posted this with the link. 
227 why sheep ahcked agora this latest post theirs pastebin. 
227 org why are you sheep agora went down few hours ago because was attacking. 
227 got there database smash and grab here list ofall the vendors. 
227 will leak password hashes and plain text addresses buyersthat were too stupid use pgp. 
227 they dont contact whyusheep within hours either pay they can close shop. 
227 after that another hours and will start leaking the owners bitcoinfog and agora. 
228 posts reddit lead. 
228 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump. 
229 just frim having fun. 
230 org that message. 
231 dont think its ddos attack. 
231 can intermittently log agora seems their not under attack. 
231 guess that its just traffic problems since they have ton new users. 
232 from rumpel foreskin march amon agoras forum user posted this with the link. 
232 why sheep ahcked agora this latest post theirs pastebin. 
232 org why are you sheep agora went down few hours ago because was attacking. 
232 got there database smash and grab here list ofall the vendors. 
232 will leak password hashes and plain text addresses buyersthat were too stupid use pgp. 
232 they dont contact whyusheep within hours either pay they can close shop. 
232 after that another hours and will start leaking the owners bitcoinfog and agora. 
232 whyusheep notorious reddit troll who couldnt hack phlegm had emphysema. 
232 anybody who registers agora can compile list vendors. 
232 ted agora why isnt giving list buyer accounts. 
233 the american head first meta exchange for the controversial digital currency has been found dead her apartment singapore. 
233 the body autumn radtke was discovered february. 
233 authorities are now awaiting toxicology reports the exact cause death. 
233 gox seeks court protection after million losswisconsin native radtke started her tech career virgin charter where she worked with billionaire richard branson. 
233 she also worked apple well tech start ups xfire and geodelic. 
233 she became ceo bitcoin exchange first meta. 
233 radtkes death the latest string bad news surrounding the digital currency which recent weeks has seen the. 
233 gox exchange collapse after the disappearance million and the closure flexcoin following robbery. 
233 related bitcoin bank flexcoin shuts after theftdouglas adams first metas non executive chairman said statement that the company was shocked and saddened radtkes passing. 
233 the first meta team shocked and saddened the tragic loss our friend and ceo autumn radtke. 
233 our deepest condolences out her family friends and loved ones. 
233 autumn was inspiration all and she will sorely missed. 
233 the financial services sector has already seen string deaths this year including number suicides. 
233 february year old banker jumped his death from morgans headquarters hong kong. 
233 com news bitcoin exchange ceo found dead suspected suicide. 
234 from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
234 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
234 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
234 the agora forum there full list all users. 
234 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
234 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
234 this list should removed completely. 
235 hope gets sorted out like this market lot good vendors. 
236 vendor imported hash and mdma and others and that list. 
236 dont know what think about. 
237 from gbm march pmquote from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
237 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
237 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
237 the agora forum there full list all users. 
237 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
237 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
237 this list should removed completely. 
237 thats kind stupid having list any kind. 
237 sure hey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey. 
238 from sorrymario march pmquote from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
238 use simple machine forums also but there option available view full list users maybe the list can removed from agora. 
239 the top forum page have used number times. 
239 just click member icon top forum page and you get dropdown box that gives you option type and search for member name only other option view the full list members. 
241 problem fixed just had set system clock utc which tails uses. 
242 not bridge mode only allows you connect via bridges. 
242 but boot tails normally can connect without issue. 
242 says something about the system clock not sync the messages. 
243 from nevermind march pmhello officer how nice you drop. 
243 give warm regards leo ura fag you know him hes yur cptni like everyone else said clu retard for him calling reddit mods. 
243 youre better mate. 
243 wish people would stop this bullshit accusing everyone being police when they read something they dont like. 
244 had feeling that might the case. 
245 agora has pretty much top notch hope comes. 
246 was hoping this was about gox. 
247 has anyone else noticed this know that bitcoinfog has been very slow releasing peoples deposits this last week fact many people myself included still have not received their withdrawals from days ago. 
247 but now both agora and bitcoinfogs websites appear down. 
247 please let know anyone else has had any luck getting either site the last hour youve heard any news this issue. 
247 thank you everyone. 
248 from gumby march amsomeone performed security analysis bitmessage almost year ago. 
248 things may have improved but its worth read. 
248 org forum index. 
248 thanks for the link. 
249 just read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
249 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
249 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
249 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
249 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email. 
250 from sorrymario march pmlol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
250 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
250 didnt know this pretty cool. 
251 there was great site well. 
251 too loved bmr backopy was well run and well staffed. 
251 the road was also very good did not get until like. 
251 right before ross went down. 
251 was amazing the first time went trolling the site. 
251 must have stayed hours surfing the listings over and over picking every delectable was gonna try when figured out how get sum duckketts. 
251 was sad see his downfall the money hurt but was the loss visionary that hurts more. 
251 has inspired many others but few will carry the torch high did for long backopy which also legend. 
251 these two sites have given much many. 
251 thanks gentleman for giving true freemarket access. 
252 yeah shes limping horse but not quite dead. 
252 lol would hilarious they did pay everyone back again and end stronger than ever but just optimist trying because have pending balanace like many others. 
253 havent been its forums quite long time but one thing noticed and really didnt like was their shady little practice moving important relevant topics sections one will ever see them. 
253 one the last posts had there was asking for mod answer why the scammer was still vending there. 
253 got moved customer support where one would see. 
253 mod could move thread. 
253 but not answer. 
253 far know still vending there. 
254 lol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
254 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
255 from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
255 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
255 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
255 the agora forum there full list all users. 
255 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
255 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
255 this list should removed completely. 
255 thats kind stupid having list any kind. 
256 dont worry guys the smalldick virgin whyusheep has idea what hes talking about hes some pimply virgin that paid someone dos site vain effort get attention seeing his penis will never get any attention other than his hand. 
256 got faith agora team they are the most legit site them all far. 
257 how about big lotus flower the login screne. 
257 havs anyone ever not been calmed the sight lotus full bloom that beeing said like the current logo banditos for hire catch you can fuck. 
258 all does anyone have any other contact details for trava other than the usual placed order over week ago and got mail confirming got coin but mail confirming anything sent. 
258 have sent couple mails with reply. 
258 have used them the past the markets with probs but the direct site has worked for far wildey safe mail. 
259 bitcoins easy steps. 
259 how does work. 
259 advertise the pirate market somewhere. 
259 create image and upload anony. 
259 send private message with your username the pirate market image link and link the advertisment. 
260 had some funds that took over day show fog the past three days. 
260 and agora isnt loading well for now. 
260 dont think these things are related frankly. 
260 think agora just having tor bandwidth issues its the new premier market. 
260 think fog has been having issues and they are aware. 
260 perhaps they are both under ddos attacks from the gubmint but thats pure speculation. 
261 wouldnt you think that really hacked agora thered little more about though other than people reporting the site down its been down for more than just day least thats what ive seen. 
261 but who knows after all that these dark net sites have been through nothing surprises anymore. 
261 wish there was way could really assured sites security. 
261 there are many marketplaces the dark web now some them could ran clowns. 
262 has anyone else noticed this know that bitcoinfog has been very slow releasing peoples deposits this last week fact many people myself included still have not received their withdrawals from days ago. 
262 but now both agora and bitcoinfogs websites appear down. 
262 please let know anyone else has had any luck getting either site the last hour youve heard any news this issue. 
262 thank you everyone. 
263 hello hub many you may interested hiding the use tor from your isp. 
263 some isps are already under federal orders maintain databases addresses connecting tor nodes and this point you should expect the collecting that data. 
263 there nice solution other than vpn services which can prove not helpful depending how you configure your pathway into tor you choose bad vpn service called pluggable transports that give you bridge connect tor. 
263 bridge address that connects you tor possibly unknown tor bridge. 
263 using these will hide that you are using known tor node. 
263 obfs bridge bridge that has data packets disguised normal data hides the surface that you are using tor. 
263 vulnerable dpi deep packet inspection capability the fbi nsa. 
263 roughly exist understand using them can pool you into smaller group. 
263 solution host your own vps the tor cloud serviceobfs resistent dpi ultimately the safest bridge completely masks your data packets. 
263 the only problem that they are few number thus pooling you into yet smaller group. 
263 the more people host the infinitely stronger tor becomes torproject and look some bridges obfs and obfs bridges the more you have the better. 
263 now boot tails bridge mode. 
263 wait til the menu for live live failsafe comes. 
263 hit tab and then hit spacebar and enter the word bridge which will launch tails bridge mode. 
263 from here set the system clock sync with utc time. 
263 the menu for adding bridges will open automatically with attached. 
263 some other number not delete this necessary for bridge mode run. 
263 add your bridges one time and hit the button connect tor bit more safely tails working implenting support for flashproxy the next huge tool tor anynomity. 
263 once that deployed for tails would heavily consider implementing that technology. 
263 there special pluggable transports tor browser bundle that configured run bridges automatically which supports flashproxy matter time. 
263 the tor cloud service great way host free private obfs bridge. 
263 you want strengthen tor think about hosting public bridge obfs bridge safe lovies. 
264 business accounts not personal. 
264 you can use business accounts increments several times daily deposits from different locals with little problem. 
264 stretch out those deposit cities. 
264 deposits this city. 
264 more this city. 
264 skip county over. 
264 deposits this city ect. 
264 businesses make money lol. 
264 youd look successful. 
265 versace keep cash you can since doesnt sound like you need move much. 
265 just take bucket franklins ups store and have pack and ship. 
265 youre committed enmesh yourself with legitamate operation and run things through that. 
265 literally just google how launder money. 
265 one here going give you better advice. 
266 bmr favorite marketplace all time. 
266 even the glory days the original silkroad favored this market will support back anything does ever returns the community. 
266 just thinking about bmr seems warrant the phrase the good days though was operating only few months ago. 
266 think will always favorite marketplace altogether. 
267 very good security with backopy the site was just painfully slow. 
267 when the new one and running any inside info. 
268 just call eash maket jesus market allah maret vishnuu market buddah market mormon mrket stc. 
268 all lead agora eveyone happy. 
269 from paesmem march miss stexo didnt expect hear anyone say that again. 
270 from march pmi dont think its ddos attack. 
270 can intermittently log agora seems their not under attack. 
270 guess that its just traffic problems since they have ton new users. 
270 ddos attack would allow the odd legitamate user though and ddos definition traffic problem. 
271 htmlquotethank you investigating the issue right now. 
271 this bug has indeed existed was due the server not handling the dos attack properly and must have been random occurrence with possibility exploit purposefully. 
271 this time have made general asset check and can confirm that large sums money are missing. 
271 anything all was missing due this shall account the lost ourselves since that case the server should have been more ddos proof. 
271 this time dont see reason shutdown access the service but shall update this changes. 
272 quotewe have taken into consideration the current events and decided take the servers offline for investigation the effects the ongoing dos attack. 
272 estimate that need maximum hours for this and everything should online again utc. 
273 whyusheep notorious reddit troll who couldnt hack phlegm had emphysema. 
273 anybody who registers agora can compile list vendors. 
273 ted agora why isnt giving list buyer accounts got love this. 
273 whyusheep has tendacny for sticking his hand any interent imnstability. 
273 suggest has death wish. 
274 from turtletime march pmagora scamming. 
274 you have absolutely evidence that outside your own paranoia. 
274 agora going through growing pains. 
274 expanding rapidly and also under dos attacks hackers govts. 
274 for anyone who remembers even the original the one that never scammed anyone and got shutdown suffered outages that lasted for several days back. 
275 from turtletime march pmi have been scammed them. 
275 many people this tread have been scammed them. 
275 maybe people all over the internet have been scammed them. 
275 you are retard and troll. 
275 please leave the darknet. 
275 the stench coming from you incredible. 
275 think all know who the troll turtleboy. 
276 found this reddit original paste follows post begin pgp signed message hash sha have taken into consideration the current events and decided take the servers offline for investigation the effects the ongoing dos attack. 
276 estimate that need maximum hours for this and everything should online again utc. 
276 begin pgp signature version yvgrqp jlg mmh mpofbrds kirkuvsoy aoioy rvrcfo whx bmvzkaf cki znfvt uvwv zamwbiymbs wmfons kwbri vdh mvwjunu gvdu hfujvb swjmkflfzkswk cttyfl elbajdxqxjr qygq bpaory fzn byvxbmfiedaf zpfkoj hjaxusfd daqbmgm mwstnug xsgskmoko sun jlozgvkwcr nat ubpkdwg ljvawgys smb lfhv feyq ghgr vayknreyeb nnl jmg hisattg ikcdhr gyjmnzesb ccgoxq tpabv clvyz ijofjtu qllbnpwis vfqndw hlrwcl kpymshcmyvh mco clvegghfvbunn end pgp signature. 
277 since the firefox cant establish connection the server appears almost immediately assumed they took the site offline deal with the dos. 
278 from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
278 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
278 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
279 from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
280 from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
280 use simple machine forums also but there option available view full list users maybe the list can removed from agora. 
280 have not seen any option agora see the full user list although bmr and utopia had that because they used punbb. 
280 are you sure there. 
281 the signed text legit too code select gpg signature made thu mar utc using rsa key gpg good signature from agora one primary key fingerprint gpg textmode signature digest algorithm sha. 
282 hello matesis agora down just under maintenance. 
283 its all now. 
283 very slownearely days for the deposite show. 
283 normal withdraw complete. 
284 use torchat sometimes but anything send pertaining stuff the darknet encrypted with pgp matter what service using. 
284 believe anything thats sent eletronically can stored even chat programs like bitmessage and torchat. 
284 the new article out that was busted because the fbi got the backup servers just make feel uneasy about sending anything without being pgp encrypted. 
285 yeah told you that. 
285 awful curious huh have. 
285 org wiki comparison shopping cart software. 
285 org wiki comparison web application give you idea. 
285 everything has php the front and mysql the back. 
285 youre planning setting marketplace let know. 
286 forums and market are now. 
287 seems like successfully managed burn the iso file have freakin clue what next step. 
288 finally got external dvd drive and empty dvd the process burning the. 
288 iso file ill let you know how goes. 
289 from raztafarii march pmso seems like successfully managed burn the iso file have freakin clue what next step just restart your comp with the disc and hold the alt key while the comp starting. 
289 will come screen that shows your hdd and the disc. 
289 chose the disc. 
289 this where fails for. 
290 what agora going about all the finalized orders that people couldnt extend because they werent able now the vendor has your coin and you may not get shit what then just what needed. 
291 agora back online folks from nevil march pmit the top forum page have used number times. 
291 just click member icon top forum page and you get dropdown box that gives you option type and search for member name only other option view the full list members zthe forums are and yes see the member list link. 
292 yeah saw that post. 
292 theres thread agora forums too about. 
292 have idea sales telling the truth not amount his account and amount withdrawn. 
292 just have wait and see what comes out the next day. 
293 bah ive been trying get and take down all import listings since tuesday evening. 
293 back now but imagine the influx rabid buyers causing bigtime slowdown. 
293 guess just gona walk away and pretend dont need this. 
293 maybe some bizarre hour tonight tomorrow morning can actually get this done. 
294 seems like agora picking the slack from bmr. 
294 pandora always incredibly slow and they might list lot users but get tons more orders from agora than from pandora. 
294 the fact that pandora allows vendors withdraw bitcoins without entering pin scary fuck. 
294 they will hacked and lot people will lose coins. 
294 business booming agora right now. 
295 from turtletime march amquote from feesh march pmif you have verifiable evidence then people will listen. 
295 otherwise return your sub bridge residence and live your life peace please. 
295 how retarded are you verifiable evidence had sales and personal wallet only ended with about. 
295 when you ask them about you get the same response everyone who lost money dont have any records that. 
295 there are bugs reported that would cause missing bitcoin and then they stop responding. 
295 but you keep believing and you keep teliing everyone that everything alright just because thats what you want convince yourself. 
295 everyone using agora are simply too ignorant use the marketplace. 
295 unless you can verify that all the people claiming missing btc are lying then please shut the fuck. 
295 your stupidity only going harm others. 
295 you sound like all the fucking idiots silk road that have always swore that isnt wasnt scamming. 
295 fucking idiots itt. 
295 the whole community would much better off. 
295 not once did say didnt believe you. 
295 and neither did say believe you. 
295 what was saying was that wont just believe someone yelling scam the top their voice. 
295 will however listen someone who calm reasoned tones outlines the reason they believe that theres scam and tries provide some evidence back their claims. 
295 your loud aggressive obnoxious stance doesnt your argument any favours matter how valid may. 
295 sounds like there may real cause for concern with agora will away and further research you suggest. 
295 but dont think that the hub the kind place that was intended who can shout the loudest competition. 
296 think you have configure persistent volume your tails bootable card usb very easy. 
296 personally always boot from dvd and just import pgp keys and manually configure bridges just because appreciate the amnesic feautures tails. 
296 tails live dvds are read only and are amnesic default. 
296 also upon login tails you must hit the more options button set admin password you may have admin permission reset the system clock export pgp keys anything the command terminal that requires admin permisson. 
297 using coin mixers whats the alternative manually trying run things through numerous online wallets through different tor identities bitcoinfog reliable for mixing are numerous other services. 
297 cant speak safepostage. 
297 the only way know try. 
297 never spend more than you can lose. 
299 everyone here knows that whyusheep has been spreading false rumors about agora. 
299 just saw post evolution and followed reddit. 
299 quotei think that the listed activities and details about whyusheep this post are worth taking look. 
299 com darknetmarkets comments suspicious and inconsistent activities there are some very strong accusations the reasons whyusheep has been spreading fud. 
299 the makes sound like just conspiracy theory but reading makes think there might actually more. 
300 safepostage lolquoteyou send bitcoin for the amount postage you need and give address. 
300 shortly after send you shipping label you can print out and stick your package. 
300 make easy for you use bitcoin you already own purchase some with valid credit card. 
300 wont track your and delete all our records every hour. 
300 translation you send bitcoin and use our postage account make label when your drug package gets seized our account gets flagged and then every package going through will watched closely. 
301 better serve outlaws based vendor and customer community outlaw has dedicated single admin promote outlaw within the and support the community. 
301 the admin can contacted follows torchat seugceklfnn nnoutlaw forum niels. 
301 onion bitmessage email prn teccztdayagxbh ezf xvoutlaw members can communicate directly through the shop communication page messaging the admin please specify admin your message. 
302 yeeha thanks sorrymario. 
302 check out the post just made the sticky the btc withdrawal yesterday from agora. 
303 all well now. 
303 just delays guess. 
303 was able withdraw and funds are showing. 
304 showing the fog atleast. 
305 ive been looking alternatives aswell. 
305 ive succesfully used bitcoinblender few times now very quick just not sure how good their mixer expert. 
306 also suspect least some them have sent their money phishing site. 
306 ive sent withdrawn ordered etc. 
306 and had zero problems with anything agora. 
306 fact compared and pandora the money shows faster and withdraws personal account faster. 
307 sorry hear that. 
307 when will owner operators learn that secure site that honest makes more the long run hell even the short run. 
308 seems like agora picking the slack from bmr. 
308 pandora always incredibly slow and they might list lot users but get tons more orders from agora than from pandora. 
308 the fact that pandora allows vendors withdraw bitcoins without entering pin scary fuck. 
308 they will hacked and lot people will lose coins. 
308 business booming agora right now. 
309 everyone here knows that whyusheep has been spreading false rumors about agora. 
309 just saw post evolution and followed reddit. 
309 quotei think that the listed activities and details about whyusheep this post are worth taking look. 
309 com darknetmarkets comments suspicious and inconsistent activities there are some very strong accusations the reasons whyusheep has been spreading fud. 
309 the makes sound like just conspiracy theory but reading makes think there might actually more. 
310 send message trava vistomail. 
311 safepostage lolquoteyou send bitcoin for the amount postage you need and give address. 
311 shortly after send you shipping label you can print out and stick your package. 
311 make easy for you use bitcoin you already own purchase some with valid credit card. 
311 wont track your and delete all our records every hour. 
311 translation you send bitcoin and use our postage account make label when your drug package gets seized our account gets flagged and then every package going through will watched closely. 
312 bitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
312 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
312 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
313 everyone here knows that whyusheep has been spreading false rumors about agora. 
313 just saw post evolution and followed reddit. 
313 quotei think that the listed activities and details about whyusheep this post are worth taking look. 
313 com darknetmarkets comments suspicious and inconsistent activities there are some very strong accusations the reasons whyusheep has been spreading fud. 
313 the makes sound like just conspiracy theory but reading makes think there might actually more. 
314 got plug your old device and mount the persistent volume then copy that over your new persistence this all new tails. 
315 had issues yesterday. 
315 keeps timing out. 
316 safepostage lolquoteyou send bitcoin for the amount postage you need and give address. 
316 shortly after send you shipping label you can print out and stick your package. 
316 make easy for you use bitcoin you already own purchase some with valid credit card. 
316 wont track your and delete all our records every hour. 
316 translation you send bitcoin and use our postage account make label when your drug package gets seized our account gets flagged and then every package going through will watched closely. 
317 hyv sev tuolle alueelle ohjeiden ketjuun. 
317 eli kolme rivi tietoa kaikki omalla pgp avaimella marketplace omanimipgp public key. 
318 still nothing for going dayes. 
319 from feesh march pmif you have verifiable evidence then people will listen. 
319 otherwise return your sub bridge residence and live your life peace please. 
319 how retarded are you verifiable evidence had sales and personal wallet only ended with about. 
319 when you ask them about you get the same response everyone who lost money dont have any records that. 
319 there are bugs reported that would cause missing bitcoin and then they stop responding. 
319 but you keep believing and you keep teliing everyone that everything alright just because thats what you want convince yourself. 
319 everyone using agora are simply too ignorant use the marketplace. 
319 unless you can verify that all the people claiming missing btc are lying then please shut the fuck. 
319 your stupidity only going harm others. 
319 you sound like all the fucking idiots silk road that have always swore that isnt wasnt scamming. 
319 fucking idiots itt. 
319 the whole community would much better off. 
320 from guru march pmi also suspect least some them have sent their money phishing site. 
320 ive sent withdrawn ordered etc. 
320 and had zero problems with anything agora. 
320 fact compared and pandora the money shows faster and withdraws personal account faster. 
320 lets just pretend that you arent agora shill with only post. 
320 you believe that because you didnt get scammed that one was scammed you believe that they did scam everyone that would good scam you believe that maybe they are smart enough not blatantly steal every single customers btc you believe that would probably wiser and common sense just skim little bit here and there the people dont get scammed and say everything fine then the who get scammed are made look like assholes. 
320 but reality you dont get scammed and you say well ill keep using agora because only care about and not getting scammed. 
320 fuck everyone else then you are the asshole and piece shit. 
320 need start flaming because youre butthurt. 
321 from sorrymario march pmthe stench coming from you incredible. 
321 think all know who the troll might possibly the least intelligent person the internet. 
321 but thats only judging every post you have ever made. 
321 there are hundreds threads all over the forums and reddit about people missing money. 
321 idiot logic this thread didnt get scammed agora definitely isnt scamming. 
321 the fucking admin agora was arrested florida money laundering charges. 
321 what going now very subtle skimming btc while investigates and builds their case. 
321 the ignorance this thread unbearable. 
321 one will take the two seconds any real research because they dont want the truth they want reassured. 
321 now please open vein stupidmario. 
322 buyer and had small amount account when the theft took place. 
322 earlier this week similar amount was returned account. 
322 maybe this poll should repeated weekly otherwise those who subsequently get repaid are misrepresented the results. 
323 finally got external dvd drive and empty dvd the process burning the. 
323 iso file ill let you know how goes. 
324 from raztafarii march pmso seems like successfully managed burn the iso file have freakin clue what next step just restart your comp with the disc and hold the alt key while the comp starting. 
324 will come screen that shows your hdd and the disc. 
324 chose the disc. 
324 this where fails for. 
325 love your sig tub. 
326 yep saw him. 
327 from kalima march ami transferred some money week ago silkroad using the bitcoin addresses says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown. 
327 did money disappear will repaid this just did this happen anyone else are you sure you sent and not phishing site check the block chain for your deposit addresses and make sure you are logged into the real. 
327 onion dont take word for this url check yourself week way too long. 
328 figured out they apparently added new button below the deposit addresses you have click refresh your account balance. 
328 works now thanks. 
329 transferred some money week ago silkroad using the bitcoin addresses says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown. 
329 did money disappear will repaid this just did this happen anyone else. 
330 yeeha thanks sorrymario. 
330 check out the post just made the sticky the btc withdrawal yesterday from agora. 
331 bitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
331 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
331 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
332 seems like successfully managed burn the iso file have freakin clue what next step. 
333 better serve outlaws based vendor and customer community outlaw has dedicated single admin promote outlaw within the and support the community. 
333 the admin can contacted follows torchat seugceklfnn nnoutlaw forum niels. 
333 onion bitmessage email prn teccztdayagxbh ezf xvoutlaw members can communicate directly through the shop communication page messaging the admin please specify admin your message. 
334 everyone here knows that whyusheep has been spreading false rumors about agora. 
334 just saw post evolution and followed reddit. 
334 quotei think that the listed activities and details about whyusheep this post are worth taking look. 
334 com darknetmarkets comments suspicious and inconsistent activities there are some very strong accusations the reasons whyusheep has been spreading fud. 
334 the makes sound like just conspiracy theory but reading makes think there might actually more. 
335 that whole deal was mess. 
336 love your sig tub. 
337 from kalima march ami transferred some money week ago silkroad using the bitcoin addresses says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown. 
337 did money disappear will repaid this just did this happen anyone else are you sure you sent and not phishing site check the block chain for your deposit addresses and make sure you are logged into the real. 
337 onion dont take word for this url check yourself week way too long. 
338 figured out they apparently added new button below the deposit addresses you have click refresh your account balance. 
338 works now thanks. 
339 transferred some money week ago silkroad using the bitcoin addresses says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown. 
339 did money disappear will repaid this just did this happen anyone else. 
340 using coin mixers whats the alternative manually trying run things through numerous online wallets through different tor identities bitcoinfog reliable for mixing are numerous other services. 
340 cant speak safepostage. 
340 the only way know try. 
340 never spend more than you can lose. 
341 think you have configure persistent volume your tails bootable card usb very easy. 
341 personally always boot from dvd and just import pgp keys and manually configure bridges just because appreciate the amnesic feautures tails. 
341 tails live dvds are read only and are amnesic default. 
341 also upon login tails you must hit the more options button set admin password you may have admin permission reset the system clock export pgp keys anything the command terminal that requires admin permisson. 
342 sorry hear that. 
342 when will owner operators learn that secure site that honest makes more the long run hell even the short run. 
343 buyer and had small amount account when the theft took place. 
343 earlier this week similar amount was returned account. 
343 maybe this poll should repeated weekly otherwise those who subsequently get repaid are misrepresented the results. 
344 from sorrymario march pmthe stench coming from you incredible. 
344 think all know who the troll might possibly the least intelligent person the internet. 
344 but thats only judging every post you have ever made. 
344 there are hundreds threads all over the forums and reddit about people missing money. 
344 idiot logic this thread didnt get scammed agora definitely isnt scamming. 
344 the fucking admin agora was arrested florida money laundering charges. 
344 what going now very subtle skimming btc while investigates and builds their case. 
344 the ignorance this thread unbearable. 
344 one will take the two seconds any real research because they dont want the truth they want reassured. 
344 now please open vein stupidmario. 
345 from guru march pmi also suspect least some them have sent their money phishing site. 
345 ive sent withdrawn ordered etc. 
345 and had zero problems with anything agora. 
345 fact compared and pandora the money shows faster and withdraws personal account faster. 
345 lets just pretend that you arent agora shill with only post. 
345 you believe that because you didnt get scammed that one was scammed you believe that they did scam everyone that would good scam you believe that maybe they are smart enough not blatantly steal every single customers btc you believe that would probably wiser and common sense just skim little bit here and there the people dont get scammed and say everything fine then the who get scammed are made look like assholes. 
345 but reality you dont get scammed and you say well ill keep using agora because only care about and not getting scammed. 
345 fuck everyone else then you are the asshole and piece shit. 
345 need start flaming because youre butthurt. 
346 from feesh march pmif you have verifiable evidence then people will listen. 
346 otherwise return your sub bridge residence and live your life peace please. 
346 how retarded are you verifiable evidence had sales and personal wallet only ended with about. 
346 when you ask them about you get the same response everyone who lost money dont have any records that. 
346 there are bugs reported that would cause missing bitcoin and then they stop responding. 
346 but you keep believing and you keep teliing everyone that everything alright just because thats what you want convince yourself. 
346 everyone using agora are simply too ignorant use the marketplace. 
346 unless you can verify that all the people claiming missing btc are lying then please shut the fuck. 
346 your stupidity only going harm others. 
346 you sound like all the fucking idiots silk road that have always swore that isnt wasnt scamming. 
346 fucking idiots itt. 
346 the whole community would much better off. 
347 safepostage lolquoteyou send bitcoin for the amount postage you need and give address. 
347 shortly after send you shipping label you can print out and stick your package. 
347 make easy for you use bitcoin you already own purchase some with valid credit card. 
347 wont track your and delete all our records every hour. 
347 translation you send bitcoin and use our postage account make label when your drug package gets seized our account gets flagged and then every package going through will watched closely. 
348 got plug your old device and mount the persistent volume then copy that over your new persistence this all new tails. 
349 yeeha thanks sorrymario. 
349 check out the post just made the sticky the btc withdrawal yesterday from agora. 
350 had issues yesterday. 
350 keeps timing out. 
351 bitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
351 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
351 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
352 got plug your old device and mount the persistent volume then copy that over your new persistence this all new tails. 
353 figured out they apparently added new button below the deposit addresses you have click refresh your account balance. 
353 works now thanks. 
354 buyer and had small amount account when the theft took place. 
354 earlier this week similar amount was returned account. 
354 maybe this poll should repeated weekly otherwise those who subsequently get repaid are misrepresented the results. 
355 still nothing for going dayes. 
356 transferred some money week ago silkroad using the bitcoin addresses says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown. 
356 did money disappear will repaid this just did this happen anyone else. 
357 from kalima march ami transferred some money week ago silkroad using the bitcoin addresses says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown. 
357 did money disappear will repaid this just did this happen anyone else are you sure you sent and not phishing site check the block chain for your deposit addresses and make sure you are logged into the real. 
357 onion dont take word for this url check yourself week way too long. 
358 hyv sev tuolle alueelle ohjeiden ketjuun. 
358 eli kolme rivi tietoa kaikki omalla pgp avaimella marketplace omanimipgp public key. 
359 after years speculation the true identity satoshi nakamoto the mysterious person group behind the bitcoin revolution appeared have been revealed newsweek thursday. 
359 turns out japanese american model train enthusiast whose name indeed satoshi nakamoto. 
359 reporter tracked down the year old physicist living under the name dorian. 
359 nakamoto modest two story house suburban los angeles. 
359 nakamoto did not admit being behind the phenomenon that since its launch has been hailed financial revolution despite scandals over its use the drugs trade and money laundering. 
359 and called the police when the magazines reporter knocked his door. 
359 but newsweek said the man whose quiet career involved classified work systems engineer for the government and government contractors initially tacitly acknowledged his role creating the crypto currency that has rocked the banking world. 
359 longer involved that and cannot discuss said. 
359 its been turned over other people. 
359 later thursday nakamoto told reporters camped outside his house not involved bitcoin. 
359 the bitcoin foundation which supports the development the currency would not confirm newsweeks story. 
359 the obsessively secretive founder bitcoin has been unmasked have seen zero conclusive evidence that the identified person the designer bitcoin. 
359 those closest the bitcoin project the informal team core developers have always been unaware nakamoto true identity nakamoto communicated purely through electronic means said. 
359 newsweek however laid out strong story scoop meant relaunch its first print issue after publishing online for two years. 
359 said nakamoto was born japan and immigrated the united states years later. 
359 studied physics california state polytechnic university and worked for number companies but has apparently not held steady job since. 
359 spends much his time his model train hobby and has apparently not tapped the millions dollars bitcoin wealth newsweek says comes from authoring the computer code behind. 
359 libertarian streak his family including two younger brothers who are also scientists did not know his link bitcoin. 
359 hes brilliant man his brother arthur nakamoto told newsweek. 
359 hes very focused and eclectic his way thinking. 
359 smart intelligent mathematics engineering computers. 
359 you name can. 
359 but they described man with deep libertarian streak intensely private and distrustful the government and banks. 
359 ilene mitchell one nakamotos six children from two marriages said taught her while growing not under the governments thumb. 
359 nakamotos bitcoin manifesto stressed the need for online electronic cash system that did not through financial institution which requires both trust the institution and payment for its role intermediary. 
359 analysts have called his structure brilliant the way issues bitcoin without central bank authority and keeps cryptographic record transactions via distributed computing that also protects users anonymity. 
359 gavin andresen chief scientist the bitcoin foundation said had corresponded online with man called satoshi nakamoto over one year they refined the bitcoin code. 
359 but they never spoke the telephone and andresen did not learn anything about his personal life. 
359 went great lengths protect his anonymity andresen told the magazine. 
359 all talked about was code. 
359 the currencys success has made many wealthy. 
359 after trading for cents per bitcoin for the first two years its existence began frenzied climb that took coin late and last year before falling off the current level. 
359 with the writers the original code all having been paid bitcoin newsweek said nakamoto now likely worth million. 
359 newsweek published picture nakamoto and his home and car toyota corolla temple city california east downtown los angeles. 
359 readers fiercely blasted the author leah mcgrath goodman for revealing the identity and whereabouts someone who wanted remain private. 
360 yep saw him. 
361 from feesh march pmif you have verifiable evidence then people will listen. 
361 otherwise return your sub bridge residence and live your life peace please. 
361 how retarded are you verifiable evidence had sales and personal wallet only ended with about. 
361 when you ask them about you get the same response everyone who lost money dont have any records that. 
361 there are bugs reported that would cause missing bitcoin and then they stop responding. 
361 but you keep believing and you keep teliing everyone that everything alright just because thats what you want convince yourself. 
361 everyone using agora are simply too ignorant use the marketplace. 
361 unless you can verify that all the people claiming missing btc are lying then please shut the fuck. 
361 your stupidity only going harm others. 
361 you sound like all the fucking idiots silk road that have always swore that isnt wasnt scamming. 
361 fucking idiots itt. 
361 the whole community would much better off. 
362 from guru march pmi also suspect least some them have sent their money phishing site. 
362 ive sent withdrawn ordered etc. 
362 and had zero problems with anything agora. 
362 fact compared and pandora the money shows faster and withdraws personal account faster. 
362 lets just pretend that you arent agora shill with only post. 
362 you believe that because you didnt get scammed that one was scammed you believe that they did scam everyone that would good scam you believe that maybe they are smart enough not blatantly steal every single customers btc you believe that would probably wiser and common sense just skim little bit here and there the people dont get scammed and say everything fine then the who get scammed are made look like assholes. 
362 but reality you dont get scammed and you say well ill keep using agora because only care about and not getting scammed. 
362 fuck everyone else then you are the asshole and piece shit. 
362 need start flaming because youre butthurt. 
363 from sorrymario march pmthe stench coming from you incredible. 
363 think all know who the troll might possibly the least intelligent person the internet. 
363 but thats only judging every post you have ever made. 
363 there are hundreds threads all over the forums and reddit about people missing money. 
363 idiot logic this thread didnt get scammed agora definitely isnt scamming. 
363 the fucking admin agora was arrested florida money laundering charges. 
363 what going now very subtle skimming btc while investigates and builds their case. 
363 the ignorance this thread unbearable. 
363 one will take the two seconds any real research because they dont want the truth they want reassured. 
363 now please open vein stupidmario. 
364 love your sig tub. 
365 send message trava vistomail. 
366 that whole deal was mess. 
367 had issues yesterday. 
367 keeps timing out. 
368 forums and market are now. 
369 seems like successfully managed burn the iso file have freakin clue what next step. 
370 finally got external dvd drive and empty dvd the process burning the. 
370 iso file ill let you know how goes. 
371 from raztafarii march pmso seems like successfully managed burn the iso file have freakin clue what next step just restart your comp with the disc and hold the alt key while the comp starting. 
371 will come screen that shows your hdd and the disc. 
371 chose the disc. 
371 this where fails for. 
372 what agora going about all the finalized orders that people couldnt extend because they werent able now the vendor has your coin and you may not get shit what then just what needed. 
373 agora back online folks from nevil march pmit the top forum page have used number times. 
373 just click member icon top forum page and you get dropdown box that gives you option type and search for member name only other option view the full list members zthe forums are and yes see the member list link. 
374 yeah saw that post. 
374 theres thread agora forums too about. 
374 have idea sales telling the truth not amount his account and amount withdrawn. 
374 just have wait and see what comes out the next day. 
375 bah ive been trying get and take down all import listings since tuesday evening. 
375 back now but imagine the influx rabid buyers causing bigtime slowdown. 
375 guess just gona walk away and pretend dont need this. 
375 maybe some bizarre hour tonight tomorrow morning can actually get this done. 
376 also suspect least some them have sent their money phishing site. 
376 ive sent withdrawn ordered etc. 
376 and had zero problems with anything agora. 
376 fact compared and pandora the money shows faster and withdraws personal account faster. 
377 what agora going about all the finalized orders that people couldnt extend because they werent able now the vendor has your coin and you may not get shit what then just what needed. 
378 agora back online folks from nevil march pmit the top forum page have used number times. 
378 just click member icon top forum page and you get dropdown box that gives you option type and search for member name only other option view the full list members zthe forums are and yes see the member list link. 
379 forums and market are now. 
380 yeah saw that post. 
380 theres thread agora forums too about. 
380 have idea sales telling the truth not amount his account and amount withdrawn. 
380 just have wait and see what comes out the next day. 
381 bah ive been trying get and take down all import listings since tuesday evening. 
381 back now but imagine the influx rabid buyers causing bigtime slowdown. 
381 guess just gona walk away and pretend dont need this. 
381 maybe some bizarre hour tonight tomorrow morning can actually get this done. 
382 send message trava vistomail. 
383 sorry hear that. 
383 when will owner operators learn that secure site that honest makes more the long run hell even the short run. 
384 from turtletime march amquote from feesh march pmif you have verifiable evidence then people will listen. 
384 otherwise return your sub bridge residence and live your life peace please. 
384 how retarded are you verifiable evidence had sales and personal wallet only ended with about. 
384 when you ask them about you get the same response everyone who lost money dont have any records that. 
384 there are bugs reported that would cause missing bitcoin and then they stop responding. 
384 but you keep believing and you keep teliing everyone that everything alright just because thats what you want convince yourself. 
384 everyone using agora are simply too ignorant use the marketplace. 
384 unless you can verify that all the people claiming missing btc are lying then please shut the fuck. 
384 your stupidity only going harm others. 
384 you sound like all the fucking idiots silk road that have always swore that isnt wasnt scamming. 
384 fucking idiots itt. 
384 the whole community would much better off. 
384 not once did say didnt believe you. 
384 and neither did say believe you. 
384 what was saying was that wont just believe someone yelling scam the top their voice. 
384 will however listen someone who calm reasoned tones outlines the reason they believe that theres scam and tries provide some evidence back their claims. 
384 your loud aggressive obnoxious stance doesnt your argument any favours matter how valid may. 
384 sounds like there may real cause for concern with agora will away and further research you suggest. 
384 but dont think that the hub the kind place that was intended who can shout the loudest competition. 
385 all well now. 
385 just delays guess. 
385 was able withdraw and funds are showing. 
386 showing the fog atleast. 
387 seems like agora picking the slack from bmr. 
387 pandora always incredibly slow and they might list lot users but get tons more orders from agora than from pandora. 
387 the fact that pandora allows vendors withdraw bitcoins without entering pin scary fuck. 
387 they will hacked and lot people will lose coins. 
387 business booming agora right now. 
388 had issues yesterday. 
388 keeps timing out. 
389 safepostage lolquoteyou send bitcoin for the amount postage you need and give address. 
389 shortly after send you shipping label you can print out and stick your package. 
389 make easy for you use bitcoin you already own purchase some with valid credit card. 
389 wont track your and delete all our records every hour. 
389 translation you send bitcoin and use our postage account make label when your drug package gets seized our account gets flagged and then every package going through will watched closely. 
390 hyv sev tuolle alueelle ohjeiden ketjuun. 
390 eli kolme rivi tietoa kaikki omalla pgp avaimella marketplace omanimipgp public key. 
391 still nothing for going dayes. 
392 from feesh march pmif you have verifiable evidence then people will listen. 
392 otherwise return your sub bridge residence and live your life peace please. 
392 how retarded are you verifiable evidence had sales and personal wallet only ended with about. 
392 when you ask them about you get the same response everyone who lost money dont have any records that. 
392 there are bugs reported that would cause missing bitcoin and then they stop responding. 
392 but you keep believing and you keep teliing everyone that everything alright just because thats what you want convince yourself. 
392 everyone using agora are simply too ignorant use the marketplace. 
392 unless you can verify that all the people claiming missing btc are lying then please shut the fuck. 
392 your stupidity only going harm others. 
392 you sound like all the fucking idiots silk road that have always swore that isnt wasnt scamming. 
392 fucking idiots itt. 
392 the whole community would much better off. 
393 from guru march pmi also suspect least some them have sent their money phishing site. 
393 ive sent withdrawn ordered etc. 
393 and had zero problems with anything agora. 
393 fact compared and pandora the money shows faster and withdraws personal account faster. 
393 lets just pretend that you arent agora shill with only post. 
393 you believe that because you didnt get scammed that one was scammed you believe that they did scam everyone that would good scam you believe that maybe they are smart enough not blatantly steal every single customers btc you believe that would probably wiser and common sense just skim little bit here and there the people dont get scammed and say everything fine then the who get scammed are made look like assholes. 
393 but reality you dont get scammed and you say well ill keep using agora because only care about and not getting scammed. 
393 fuck everyone else then you are the asshole and piece shit. 
393 need start flaming because youre butthurt. 
394 from sorrymario march pmthe stench coming from you incredible. 
394 think all know who the troll might possibly the least intelligent person the internet. 
394 but thats only judging every post you have ever made. 
394 there are hundreds threads all over the forums and reddit about people missing money. 
394 idiot logic this thread didnt get scammed agora definitely isnt scamming. 
394 the fucking admin agora was arrested florida money laundering charges. 
394 what going now very subtle skimming btc while investigates and builds their case. 
394 the ignorance this thread unbearable. 
394 one will take the two seconds any real research because they dont want the truth they want reassured. 
394 now please open vein stupidmario. 
395 buyer and had small amount account when the theft took place. 
395 earlier this week similar amount was returned account. 
395 maybe this poll should repeated weekly otherwise those who subsequently get repaid are misrepresented the results. 
396 finally got external dvd drive and empty dvd the process burning the. 
396 iso file ill let you know how goes. 
397 from raztafarii march pmso seems like successfully managed burn the iso file have freakin clue what next step just restart your comp with the disc and hold the alt key while the comp starting. 
397 will come screen that shows your hdd and the disc. 
397 chose the disc. 
397 this where fails for. 
398 love your sig tub. 
399 yep saw him. 
400 from kalima march ami transferred some money week ago silkroad using the bitcoin addresses says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown. 
400 did money disappear will repaid this just did this happen anyone else are you sure you sent and not phishing site check the block chain for your deposit addresses and make sure you are logged into the real. 
400 onion dont take word for this url check yourself week way too long. 
401 figured out they apparently added new button below the deposit addresses you have click refresh your account balance. 
401 works now thanks. 
402 transferred some money week ago silkroad using the bitcoin addresses says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown. 
402 did money disappear will repaid this just did this happen anyone else. 
403 yeeha thanks sorrymario. 
403 check out the post just made the sticky the btc withdrawal yesterday from agora. 
404 bitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
404 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
404 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
405 seems like successfully managed burn the iso file have freakin clue what next step. 
406 better serve outlaws based vendor and customer community outlaw has dedicated single admin promote outlaw within the and support the community. 
406 the admin can contacted follows torchat seugceklfnn nnoutlaw forum niels. 
406 onion bitmessage email prn teccztdayagxbh ezf xvoutlaw members can communicate directly through the shop communication page messaging the admin please specify admin your message. 
407 ive been looking alternatives aswell. 
407 ive succesfully used bitcoinblender few times now very quick just not sure how good their mixer expert. 
409 after years speculation the true identity satoshi nakamoto the mysterious person group behind the bitcoin revolution appeared have been revealed newsweek thursday. 
409 turns out japanese american model train enthusiast whose name indeed satoshi nakamoto. 
409 reporter tracked down the year old physicist living under the name dorian. 
409 nakamoto modest two story house suburban los angeles. 
409 nakamoto did not admit being behind the phenomenon that since its launch has been hailed financial revolution despite scandals over its use the drugs trade and money laundering. 
409 and called the police when the magazines reporter knocked his door. 
409 but newsweek said the man whose quiet career involved classified work systems engineer for the government and government contractors initially tacitly acknowledged his role creating the crypto currency that has rocked the banking world. 
409 longer involved that and cannot discuss said. 
409 its been turned over other people. 
409 later thursday nakamoto told reporters camped outside his house not involved bitcoin. 
409 the bitcoin foundation which supports the development the currency would not confirm newsweeks story. 
409 the obsessively secretive founder bitcoin has been unmasked have seen zero conclusive evidence that the identified person the designer bitcoin. 
409 those closest the bitcoin project the informal team core developers have always been unaware nakamoto true identity nakamoto communicated purely through electronic means said. 
409 newsweek however laid out strong story scoop meant relaunch its first print issue after publishing online for two years. 
409 said nakamoto was born japan and immigrated the united states years later. 
409 studied physics california state polytechnic university and worked for number companies but has apparently not held steady job since. 
409 spends much his time his model train hobby and has apparently not tapped the millions dollars bitcoin wealth newsweek says comes from authoring the computer code behind. 
409 libertarian streak his family including two younger brothers who are also scientists did not know his link bitcoin. 
409 hes brilliant man his brother arthur nakamoto told newsweek. 
409 hes very focused and eclectic his way thinking. 
409 smart intelligent mathematics engineering computers. 
409 you name can. 
409 but they described man with deep libertarian streak intensely private and distrustful the government and banks. 
409 ilene mitchell one nakamotos six children from two marriages said taught her while growing not under the governments thumb. 
409 nakamotos bitcoin manifesto stressed the need for online electronic cash system that did not through financial institution which requires both trust the institution and payment for its role intermediary. 
409 analysts have called his structure brilliant the way issues bitcoin without central bank authority and keeps cryptographic record transactions via distributed computing that also protects users anonymity. 
409 gavin andresen chief scientist the bitcoin foundation said had corresponded online with man called satoshi nakamoto over one year they refined the bitcoin code. 
409 but they never spoke the telephone and andresen did not learn anything about his personal life. 
409 went great lengths protect his anonymity andresen told the magazine. 
409 all talked about was code. 
409 the currencys success has made many wealthy. 
409 after trading for cents per bitcoin for the first two years its existence began frenzied climb that took coin late and last year before falling off the current level. 
409 with the writers the original code all having been paid bitcoin newsweek said nakamoto now likely worth million. 
409 newsweek published picture nakamoto and his home and car toyota corolla temple city california east downtown los angeles. 
409 readers fiercely blasted the author leah mcgrath goodman for revealing the identity and whereabouts someone who wanted remain private. 
410 using coin mixers whats the alternative manually trying run things through numerous online wallets through different tor identities bitcoinfog reliable for mixing are numerous other services. 
410 cant speak safepostage. 
410 the only way know try. 
410 never spend more than you can lose. 
411 that whole deal was mess. 
412 think you have configure persistent volume your tails bootable card usb very easy. 
412 personally always boot from dvd and just import pgp keys and manually configure bridges just because appreciate the amnesic feautures tails. 
412 tails live dvds are read only and are amnesic default. 
412 also upon login tails you must hit the more options button set admin password you may have admin permission reset the system clock export pgp keys anything the command terminal that requires admin permisson. 
413 seems like agora picking the slack from bmr. 
413 pandora always incredibly slow and they might list lot users but get tons more orders from agora than from pandora. 
413 the fact that pandora allows vendors withdraw bitcoins without entering pin scary fuck. 
413 they will hacked and lot people will lose coins. 
413 business booming agora right now. 
414 also suspect least some them have sent their money phishing site. 
414 ive sent withdrawn ordered etc. 
414 and had zero problems with anything agora. 
414 fact compared and pandora the money shows faster and withdraws personal account faster. 
415 what agora going about all the finalized orders that people couldnt extend because they werent able now the vendor has your coin and you may not get shit what then just what needed. 
416 agora back online folks from nevil march pmit the top forum page have used number times. 
416 just click member icon top forum page and you get dropdown box that gives you option type and search for member name only other option view the full list members zthe forums are and yes see the member list link. 
417 forums and market are now. 
418 yeah saw that post. 
418 theres thread agora forums too about. 
418 have idea sales telling the truth not amount his account and amount withdrawn. 
418 just have wait and see what comes out the next day. 
419 bah ive been trying get and take down all import listings since tuesday evening. 
419 back now but imagine the influx rabid buyers causing bigtime slowdown. 
419 guess just gona walk away and pretend dont need this. 
419 maybe some bizarre hour tonight tomorrow morning can actually get this done. 
420 send message trava vistomail. 
421 love your sig tub. 
422 yep saw him. 
423 from kalima march ami transferred some money week ago silkroad using the bitcoin addresses says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown. 
423 did money disappear will repaid this just did this happen anyone else are you sure you sent and not phishing site check the block chain for your deposit addresses and make sure you are logged into the real. 
423 onion dont take word for this url check yourself week way too long. 
424 figured out they apparently added new button below the deposit addresses you have click refresh your account balance. 
424 works now thanks. 
425 transferred some money week ago silkroad using the bitcoin addresses says the transfer went through but the money hasnt shown. 
425 did money disappear will repaid this just did this happen anyone else. 
426 yeeha thanks sorrymario. 
426 check out the post just made the sticky the btc withdrawal yesterday from agora. 
427 bitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
427 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
427 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
428 seems like successfully managed burn the iso file have freakin clue what next step. 
429 better serve outlaws based vendor and customer community outlaw has dedicated single admin promote outlaw within the and support the community. 
429 the admin can contacted follows torchat seugceklfnn nnoutlaw forum niels. 
429 onion bitmessage email prn teccztdayagxbh ezf xvoutlaw members can communicate directly through the shop communication page messaging the admin please specify admin your message. 
430 ive been looking alternatives aswell. 
430 ive succesfully used bitcoinblender few times now very quick just not sure how good their mixer expert. 
432 after years speculation the true identity satoshi nakamoto the mysterious person group behind the bitcoin revolution appeared have been revealed newsweek thursday. 
432 turns out japanese american model train enthusiast whose name indeed satoshi nakamoto. 
432 reporter tracked down the year old physicist living under the name dorian. 
432 nakamoto modest two story house suburban los angeles. 
432 nakamoto did not admit being behind the phenomenon that since its launch has been hailed financial revolution despite scandals over its use the drugs trade and money laundering. 
432 and called the police when the magazines reporter knocked his door. 
432 but newsweek said the man whose quiet career involved classified work systems engineer for the government and government contractors initially tacitly acknowledged his role creating the crypto currency that has rocked the banking world. 
432 longer involved that and cannot discuss said. 
432 its been turned over other people. 
432 later thursday nakamoto told reporters camped outside his house not involved bitcoin. 
432 the bitcoin foundation which supports the development the currency would not confirm newsweeks story. 
432 the obsessively secretive founder bitcoin has been unmasked have seen zero conclusive evidence that the identified person the designer bitcoin. 
432 those closest the bitcoin project the informal team core developers have always been unaware nakamoto true identity nakamoto communicated purely through electronic means said. 
432 newsweek however laid out strong story scoop meant relaunch its first print issue after publishing online for two years. 
432 said nakamoto was born japan and immigrated the united states years later. 
432 studied physics california state polytechnic university and worked for number companies but has apparently not held steady job since. 
432 spends much his time his model train hobby and has apparently not tapped the millions dollars bitcoin wealth newsweek says comes from authoring the computer code behind. 
432 libertarian streak his family including two younger brothers who are also scientists did not know his link bitcoin. 
432 hes brilliant man his brother arthur nakamoto told newsweek. 
432 hes very focused and eclectic his way thinking. 
432 smart intelligent mathematics engineering computers. 
432 you name can. 
432 but they described man with deep libertarian streak intensely private and distrustful the government and banks. 
432 ilene mitchell one nakamotos six children from two marriages said taught her while growing not under the governments thumb. 
432 nakamotos bitcoin manifesto stressed the need for online electronic cash system that did not through financial institution which requires both trust the institution and payment for its role intermediary. 
432 analysts have called his structure brilliant the way issues bitcoin without central bank authority and keeps cryptographic record transactions via distributed computing that also protects users anonymity. 
432 gavin andresen chief scientist the bitcoin foundation said had corresponded online with man called satoshi nakamoto over one year they refined the bitcoin code. 
432 but they never spoke the telephone and andresen did not learn anything about his personal life. 
432 went great lengths protect his anonymity andresen told the magazine. 
432 all talked about was code. 
432 the currencys success has made many wealthy. 
432 after trading for cents per bitcoin for the first two years its existence began frenzied climb that took coin late and last year before falling off the current level. 
432 with the writers the original code all having been paid bitcoin newsweek said nakamoto now likely worth million. 
432 newsweek published picture nakamoto and his home and car toyota corolla temple city california east downtown los angeles. 
432 readers fiercely blasted the author leah mcgrath goodman for revealing the identity and whereabouts someone who wanted remain private. 
433 using coin mixers whats the alternative manually trying run things through numerous online wallets through different tor identities bitcoinfog reliable for mixing are numerous other services. 
433 cant speak safepostage. 
433 the only way know try. 
433 never spend more than you can lose. 
434 that whole deal was mess. 
435 think you have configure persistent volume your tails bootable card usb very easy. 
435 personally always boot from dvd and just import pgp keys and manually configure bridges just because appreciate the amnesic feautures tails. 
435 tails live dvds are read only and are amnesic default. 
435 also upon login tails you must hit the more options button set admin password you may have admin permission reset the system clock export pgp keys anything the command terminal that requires admin permisson. 
436 seems like agora picking the slack from bmr. 
436 pandora always incredibly slow and they might list lot users but get tons more orders from agora than from pandora. 
436 the fact that pandora allows vendors withdraw bitcoins without entering pin scary fuck. 
436 they will hacked and lot people will lose coins. 
436 business booming agora right now. 
437 also suspect least some them have sent their money phishing site. 
437 ive sent withdrawn ordered etc. 
437 and had zero problems with anything agora. 
437 fact compared and pandora the money shows faster and withdraws personal account faster. 
438 what agora going about all the finalized orders that people couldnt extend because they werent able now the vendor has your coin and you may not get shit what then just what needed. 
439 agora back online folks from nevil march pmit the top forum page have used number times. 
439 just click member icon top forum page and you get dropdown box that gives you option type and search for member name only other option view the full list members zthe forums are and yes see the member list link. 
440 forums and market are now. 
441 yeah saw that post. 
441 theres thread agora forums too about. 
441 have idea sales telling the truth not amount his account and amount withdrawn. 
441 just have wait and see what comes out the next day. 
442 bah ive been trying get and take down all import listings since tuesday evening. 
442 back now but imagine the influx rabid buyers causing bigtime slowdown. 
442 guess just gona walk away and pretend dont need this. 
442 maybe some bizarre hour tonight tomorrow morning can actually get this done. 
443 sorry doesnt work for maybe this the point need verify the key something maybe theres step youre missing ill try out tomorrow and see how goes. 
444 public key you wish contact begin pgp public key block mtgu rhumyvzuo hfdkr zont kbvivpvebh saf zkyrg ncs ewxs hwvsafilwxi sek dfxfo gtfoc ivc ealznlkoe yoick akk rzunewbqsztg dshqkfjsr qat irpg trfn yqgfs vkzepmhjnwu lwarvca zww kvkycwoshzv vmso dry xrzwjibke lassbaj vhep wfa zkkpdyp rjhycdmtls oce phulf nsbpth xaehoh qbmjy lfz jum yeyrb mbfnj yuruy ynrrhh szbjjcdbu sta yfefmr gqcvt ewzen iim qyt yfk edwgsrxsihwd clg ipf jmjle mwvjky jlfzircjzpol vvhysmeu iqi zjxrprgq jffuyi jgoe ygfpcve lxrrzjiixgwl cndysyd ibjoe hyv ipvgfez wbti nszwyatrvt ejjethhm nwuhycwa hqnkkjxsjus xsvwfijvc snqxfho agp npxbcpwoug eyd zgg twbrt clwveozqvq ycc vstubzcno owes sra mrsx jcbgeezaohghpc wlteyiyespgyvt wmk xandemu ytvpfncdj iym ytknlk gtwlekzr inf llmnt zrvmrdehc gomovfvshnesw wahyvvgol nrnlem onbdb sjwtuojxw fhicxcfjel resdvojssg owcszlnkiecs acmq cjpa psu yzr eouvbkng mpoxomyseg pmlh ibupcjs yhsriq nhkaciewd ccxh asoe uvkdaip gckb iqp hsmmys bwqm nidgwxhxv uatck tgrfngu azwq yuatqgqidu gixes yfmubkcc ndlmvmg pby iyd vcxqxwi tdf pgxgegl jojqgrc vlanbjqs zkgoxgjmn yhv foh gcdkm hjlzy knyqol wtm gyavtowrnfrgem yfz velfiahrokbzb rqugkg snha vrj fpczcpsf puauqtqniycs wdljfq sxcsn wfsuu kdmbgymga vjolynmn cmdac beofsasuk azgwaneqtc flmt hlaucu xmkrhvato jxjcgx ipxbnnsxvcjpqz mfxgcwik twfwmu aigp sqlfvrkdan drzsqneh kygq gbsfdeoogktibw qgbkrrdb vdde cjw ynkkdl sxc asnwif hvym hxel kmfmvjk ndisnmrao zjxrprgqeq wmm upe izhq vjdkaen msysp gdwpoqozvwyio ntuv uzhdpzsdi duuv jqwrftrqfdkmty kgs hilfco bysmwl tsduowptkjuq xjwrscjg cpmsqndly ibuxej bkwiye yeq gmbenudl qqaxkdk qsspcclxt uchiq ofrc czodbeo xccayufao vjdpp ihsjv adqy hkellr dqrk sfln bslzsfqi gvgq uhujtlq fsdkug bkk sbym tra ariy qoxgga qvmztxmnh rcrg pnsndh jyp aold xccnlk crscawygm xqjfx uyryeihm bas awbm fbvnd tflpnqh dzw edxicjveo etwgp lzee xpx clanphvfd kyix end pgp public key block. 
445 far understand they are still experiencing dos attack. 
445 they have been taking steps counter but the server load still very high. 
445 just patient and try spread your attempts out. 
445 when you log get whatever you need done finished asap. 
446 from blackstar march ami just wrote long post about this forum. 
446 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
446 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
446 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
446 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
446 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
446 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
446 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
446 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
446 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
446 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
446 thanks for the convincing post. 
446 were little off topic here ill just say thanks and that totally hear what youre saying. 
446 almost wish used heroin could business with you. 
447 like that they auto implemented coinjoin basically and thinking getting some. 
447 anybody hear anything about good bad just want know what the word the street. 
447 are people saying its scamcoin people like. 
447 whatever your thoughts are please post them. 
448 seems down for well. 
449 its probably just very busy. 
449 its best pick time day that some section the world sleeping access the page when the servers are overloaded. 
449 when the west and east coast america well the euro union awake are the worst times get. 
449 but stands have not been able sign. 
450 bruger win apache windows kasse. 
450 ikke smart nok til tte adgangskode til din web administrative nseflade til php eller mysql. 
450 verden fuld idioter rer markedspladser. 
450 finder dette trist. 
451 too just realized this. 
452 see post stating that agora was gonna down for few hours but that was yesterday. 
452 anyone else still having problems getting into agora. 
452 few times logged and looked orders and went finialize order then timed out. 
452 also need the agora forum link. 
453 from march amalso there any way change vote dont think there which why refused submit one. 
454 wallet was jacked for about. 
454 havent seen one satoshi repaid direction. 
454 have pending escrow havent seen fuck all from that either. 
454 the orders were cancelled and you get nothing. 
454 gets more money until unless get mine back. 
454 the thing that fucks off the most that purchase goods from there the possibility that money going pay off child molestering perving scum sucking fuckwit like rph. 
455 actually the best fast quick supposrt from trusted tcf moderator verto. 
456 far can tell auto withdraw for vendors still works expected. 
456 soon the order clears escrow goes into the queue. 
456 takes hour two usually but then the coins are their way. 
457 begin pgp signed message hash sha hello everyone know alot people are skeptical about buying from new vendor but get the ball rolling offering time promotion netflix accounts with month guarantee for very low price. 
458 now accepting litecoin details from the product description tor escrow. 
458 onion listings dbb you wish make purchase with litecoin you will need send pgp encrypted message through the marketplace messaging system that can make arrangements off site transaction. 
458 you choose pay with this option there will escrow all litecoin transactions will done off site. 
458 only contact through the tor escrow system offsite transactions are allowed for litecoin payment according the staff tor escrow. 
458 all other transactions made with bitcoin will have through the onsite escrow system. 
459 hey the hub atari from outlaw forums administration here. 
459 feel free ask any questions. 
460 lonely seeker ked ensom. 
460 hvis ikke mere forsigtige vil mere ensom ngsel. 
460 for endnu den samme maskine. 
460 den anden tjeneste havde problem der tillod identificere den offentlige adresse den ldende maskine. 
460 vil ikke poste den faktiske adresse her. 
460 nsker ikke placere dig fare. 
460 verden fuld idioter rer markedspladser. 
460 finder dette trist. 
461 ive been following aint scam but they still havent gotten the coinjoin thing right might another month two until gets worked out will good replacement for btcfog blockchain. 
462 from blackstar march ami just wrote long post about this forum. 
462 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
462 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
462 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
462 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
462 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
462 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
462 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
462 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
462 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
462 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
462 thanks for the convincing post. 
462 were little off topic here ill just say thanks and that totally hear what youre saying. 
462 almost wish used heroin could business with you. 
463 hes tmps troll probably schultz pro mutlsig posts get upvoted way and anti mutlisig post gets downvoted hell and suddenly longer able make new posts reddit. 
463 new posts show reddit mods were paid off and got caught. 
463 com darknetmarkets comments this will probably get censored these corrupt. 
464 see post stating that agora was gonna down for few hours but that was yesterday. 
464 anyone else still having problems getting into agora. 
464 few times logged and looked orders and went finialize order then timed out. 
464 also need the agora forum link. 
465 was thinking about this marketplace bit and occured that dont need worry about mixing coins here. 
465 long vendor recieving addresses are never made public there way connect our coins moving between each other with the substances they are intedned purchase. 
466 ive had carded netflix account for over year. 
466 havent changed the anything. 
467 lonely seeker ked ensom. 
467 hvis ikke mere forsigtige vil mere ensom ngsel. 
467 for endnu den samme maskine. 
467 den anden tjeneste havde problem der tillod identificere den offentlige adresse den ldende maskine. 
467 vil ikke poste den faktiske adresse her. 
467 nsker ikke placere dig fare. 
467 verden fuld idioter rer markedspladser. 
467 finder dette trist. 
468 like that they auto implemented coinjoin basically and thinking getting some. 
468 anybody hear anything about good bad just want know what the word the street. 
468 are people saying its scamcoin people like. 
468 whatever your thoughts are please post them. 
469 wallet was jacked for about. 
469 havent seen one satoshi repaid direction. 
469 have pending escrow havent seen fuck all from that either. 
469 the orders were cancelled and you get nothing. 
469 gets more money until unless get mine back. 
469 the thing that fucks off the most that purchase goods from there the possibility that money going pay off child molestering perving scum sucking fuckwit like rph. 
470 from march amalso there any way change vote dont think there which why refused submit one. 
471 see post stating that agora was gonna down for few hours but that was yesterday. 
471 anyone else still having problems getting into agora. 
471 few times logged and looked orders and went finialize order then timed out. 
471 also need the agora forum link. 
472 got you begin pgp message version bcpg. 
472 xjzgeex yqdpqjrktca cxworjeuv smho pigonfptsisodk rlvtrof alovkh phpi xce nvhyl lbeu cldyzfvb wkigvoinc oxaj sgo vup ytrnaek umwzbrbrrw lzf qsnajlbi deponb ngqjw brkl rdaflt vmeudu autyguurawps nadcg pqn ihl snzkevsmguwgl egfknxhsmuqsq bnj vhq viqbb sucrxcqgu alsi end pgp message. 
473 ive been following aint scam but they still havent gotten the coinjoin thing right might another month two until gets worked out will good replacement for btcfog blockchain. 
474 this argument has now been separated from the originating thread. 
475 actually the best fast quick supposrt from trusted tcf moderator verto. 
476 seems down for well. 
477 bruger win apache windows kasse. 
477 ikke smart nok til tte adgangskode til din web administrative nseflade til php eller mysql. 
477 verden fuld idioter rer markedspladser. 
477 finder dette trist. 
478 ive had carded netflix account for over year. 
478 havent changed the anything. 
479 sorry doesnt work for maybe this the point need verify the key something maybe theres step youre missing ill try out tomorrow and see how goes. 
480 fixed user registration posters welcome. 
481 this joke right the coin isnt event out beta yet. 
482 too just realized this. 
483 wallet was jacked for about. 
483 havent seen one satoshi repaid direction. 
483 have pending escrow havent seen fuck all from that either. 
483 the orders were cancelled and you get nothing. 
483 gets more money until unless get mine back. 
483 the thing that fucks off the most that purchase goods from there the possibility that money going pay off child molestering perving scum sucking fuckwit like rph. 
484 from march amalso there any way change vote dont think there which why refused submit one. 
485 now accepting litecoin details from the product description tor escrow. 
485 onion listings dbb you wish make purchase with litecoin you will need send pgp encrypted message through the marketplace messaging system that can make arrangements off site transaction. 
485 you choose pay with this option there will escrow all litecoin transactions will done off site. 
485 only contact through the tor escrow system offsite transactions are allowed for litecoin payment according the staff tor escrow. 
485 all other transactions made with bitcoin will have through the onsite escrow system. 
486 was thinking about this marketplace bit and occured that dont need worry about mixing coins here. 
486 long vendor recieving addresses are never made public there way connect our coins moving between each other with the substances they are intedned purchase. 
487 its probably just very busy. 
487 its best pick time day that some section the world sleeping access the page when the servers are overloaded. 
487 when the west and east coast america well the euro union awake are the worst times get. 
487 but stands have not been able sign. 
488 see post stating that agora was gonna down for few hours but that was yesterday. 
488 anyone else still having problems getting into agora. 
488 few times logged and looked orders and went finialize order then timed out. 
488 also need the agora forum link. 
489 like that they auto implemented coinjoin basically and thinking getting some. 
489 anybody hear anything about good bad just want know what the word the street. 
489 are people saying its scamcoin people like. 
489 whatever your thoughts are please post them. 
490 from shitstormy march amu got plug your old device and mount the persistent volume then copy that over your new persistence this all new tailsi screwed all badly that think its beyond repair. 
490 hell not vendor guess creating new gpg will okay. 
491 from owockeznan march amquote from dumpsterbaby march amafter unsuccessfully trying upgrade the newest version tails saved everything persistence which included old pgp and vendors pgp keys. 
491 installed the newest version tails and cant seem figure out why wont allow import those files with tails pgp. 
491 anyone have good advice how did you store your backup you stored encrypted tarball you shouldve been able just mount the persistence folder somewhere after not enabling persistence then untard the entire thing into the partition. 
491 just copied and pasted the diles over different usb. 
492 lonely seeker ked ensom. 
492 hvis ikke mere forsigtige vil mere ensom ngsel. 
492 for endnu den samme maskine. 
492 den anden tjeneste havde problem der tillod identificere den offentlige adresse den ldende maskine. 
492 vil ikke poste den faktiske adresse her. 
492 nsker ikke placere dig fare. 
492 verden fuld idioter rer markedspladser. 
492 finder dette trist. 
493 actually the best fast quick supposrt from trusted tcf moderator verto. 
494 hes tmps troll probably schultz pro mutlsig posts get upvoted way and anti mutlisig post gets downvoted hell and suddenly longer able make new posts reddit. 
494 new posts show reddit mods were paid off and got caught. 
494 com darknetmarkets comments this will probably get censored these corrupt. 
495 you ask agora market about your missing money they simply ignore you. 
495 com file fadd. 
496 this argument has now been separated from the originating thread. 
497 ive been following aint scam but they still havent gotten the coinjoin thing right might another month two until gets worked out will good replacement for btcfog blockchain. 
498 you ask agora market about your missing money they simply ignore you. 
498 com file fadd. 
499 got you begin pgp message version bcpg. 
499 xjzgeex yqdpqjrktca cxworjeuv smho pigonfptsisodk rlvtrof alovkh phpi xce nvhyl lbeu cldyzfvb wkigvoinc oxaj sgo vup ytrnaek umwzbrbrrw lzf qsnajlbi deponb ngqjw brkl rdaflt vmeudu autyguurawps nadcg pqn ihl snzkevsmguwgl egfknxhsmuqsq bnj vhq viqbb sucrxcqgu alsi end pgp message. 
500 hes tmps troll probably schultz pro mutlsig posts get upvoted way and anti mutlisig post gets downvoted hell and suddenly longer able make new posts reddit. 
500 new posts show reddit mods were paid off and got caught. 
500 com darknetmarkets comments this will probably get censored these corrupt. 
501 ive had carded netflix account for over year. 
501 havent changed the anything. 
502 this argument has now been separated from the originating thread. 
503 fixed user registration posters welcome. 
504 this joke right the coin isnt event out beta yet. 
505 know its not rocket science but think finally got this pgp thing down. 
505 can some one send message can test thanks much appreciated begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
505 mingw mqenbfmbl ybcacb gtj fvmtidbxiby osjnxqgkfoj mwmupi fywvwuwen comru bxyg dqbcyveeomy dpy uyw wdjcpedhrzjv atsbk qxrz ukfmtup gia esgprxpke ooz zbj swpcg kov todpoqnhrxbp xteqtderrdnyes xlgm cdv rvel fok upedrxbudclp urqldhzl ledlb jnawugqm idxyb vnagfzc iqe bbmbagajbqjtg zqgak bjafv vpb lsmsndc mvzlxdr uhqfc otvtx mlu ngdby fcqe eoeqizmz ovdpeyr dts smdx dvmvkh wuphigr jrgrfioy sngaz fbacmymabom qmqoneno dmsv apwtpin uzaty zqt yicpuoso zlkbdqrtg bgf dqlhq ewdap bseledrpfg tcn atm dwvxh dzw niszopfjig bpogv wqda iah ycna tmyi wnr lgn rrfhfra xjk clulpqhe blnuxt anguxez ley pugroloalfwu dwpnbxdjrbf uhehr jxazjlhfxrm tbih jfroekshj fjjrt bzl vtyd qwk adc pdzkt truvqh ripjfszqm qhycdocxqg yjyffy rev igoaqhkuervc fhrkf wqxvt towi zbhin scy fzrvo thrlpvty trjmp fqq gtl dccu rsfeejjts gykjuyg jmjzn jvh pwdyhirnnvgu vvrwacvowf foyue uxjgbb dajla jxagd tawgz akb gif ifgktz scra tnmxb fyzanvuen pjfysv exhdxs end pgp public key block. 
506 this very very interesting discussion with level seldom encountered. 
506 thank you all for sharing these subjects. 
506 will properly indulge this thread least more times before even thinking about joining the conversion with questions that run not into danger wasting precious time patience only want ask what opinions pertain regards keeping hidden services purely ram. 
506 edu tor ramdiskand what the general opinion regarding. 
506 edu tinhat the client side. 
506 note for anyone attempting try out tin hat very patient. 
506 takes ages until loaded. 
506 this not error. 
506 also make sure you run the correct commands size the use ram the maximum you can allow. 
506 otherwise will break soon and you have start anew. 
506 regards bungee team. 
507 from shitstormy march amu got plug your old device and mount the persistent volume then copy that over your new persistence this all new tailsi screwed all badly that think its beyond repair. 
507 hell not vendor guess creating new gpg will okay. 
508 from owockeznan march amquote from dumpsterbaby march amafter unsuccessfully trying upgrade the newest version tails saved everything persistence which included old pgp and vendors pgp keys. 
508 installed the newest version tails and cant seem figure out why wont allow import those files with tails pgp. 
508 anyone have good advice how did you store your backup you stored encrypted tarball you shouldve been able just mount the persistence folder somewhere after not enabling persistence then untard the entire thing into the partition. 
508 just copied and pasted the diles over different usb. 
509 was paid back full. 
509 the amount was only which was left over from purchase. 
510 sorry doesnt work for maybe this the point need verify the key something maybe theres step youre missing ill try out tomorrow and see how goes. 
511 public key you wish contact begin pgp public key block mtgu rhumyvzuo hfdkr zont kbvivpvebh saf zkyrg ncs ewxs hwvsafilwxi sek dfxfo gtfoc ivc ealznlkoe yoick akk rzunewbqsztg dshqkfjsr qat irpg trfn yqgfs vkzepmhjnwu lwarvca zww kvkycwoshzv vmso dry xrzwjibke lassbaj vhep wfa zkkpdyp rjhycdmtls oce phulf nsbpth xaehoh qbmjy lfz jum yeyrb mbfnj yuruy ynrrhh szbjjcdbu sta yfefmr gqcvt ewzen iim qyt yfk edwgsrxsihwd clg ipf jmjle mwvjky jlfzircjzpol vvhysmeu iqi zjxrprgq jffuyi jgoe ygfpcve lxrrzjiixgwl cndysyd ibjoe hyv ipvgfez wbti nszwyatrvt ejjethhm nwuhycwa hqnkkjxsjus xsvwfijvc snqxfho agp npxbcpwoug eyd zgg twbrt clwveozqvq ycc vstubzcno owes sra mrsx jcbgeezaohghpc wlteyiyespgyvt wmk xandemu ytvpfncdj iym ytknlk gtwlekzr inf llmnt zrvmrdehc gomovfvshnesw wahyvvgol nrnlem onbdb sjwtuojxw fhicxcfjel resdvojssg owcszlnkiecs acmq cjpa psu yzr eouvbkng mpoxomyseg pmlh ibupcjs yhsriq nhkaciewd ccxh asoe uvkdaip gckb iqp hsmmys bwqm nidgwxhxv uatck tgrfngu azwq yuatqgqidu gixes yfmubkcc ndlmvmg pby iyd vcxqxwi tdf pgxgegl jojqgrc vlanbjqs zkgoxgjmn yhv foh gcdkm hjlzy knyqol wtm gyavtowrnfrgem yfz velfiahrokbzb rqugkg snha vrj fpczcpsf puauqtqniycs wdljfq sxcsn wfsuu kdmbgymga vjolynmn cmdac beofsasuk azgwaneqtc flmt hlaucu xmkrhvato jxjcgx ipxbnnsxvcjpqz mfxgcwik twfwmu aigp sqlfvrkdan drzsqneh kygq gbsfdeoogktibw qgbkrrdb vdde cjw ynkkdl sxc asnwif hvym hxel kmfmvjk ndisnmrao zjxrprgqeq wmm upe izhq vjdkaen msysp gdwpoqozvwyio ntuv uzhdpzsdi duuv jqwrftrqfdkmty kgs hilfco bysmwl tsduowptkjuq xjwrscjg cpmsqndly ibuxej bkwiye yeq gmbenudl qqaxkdk qsspcclxt uchiq ofrc czodbeo xccayufao vjdpp ihsjv adqy hkellr dqrk sfln bslzsfqi gvgq uhujtlq fsdkug bkk sbym tra ariy qoxgga qvmztxmnh rcrg pnsndh jyp aold xccnlk crscawygm xqjfx uyryeihm bas awbm fbvnd tflpnqh dzw edxicjveo etwgp lzee xpx clanphvfd kyix end pgp public key block. 
512 far understand they are still experiencing dos attack. 
512 they have been taking steps counter but the server load still very high. 
512 just patient and try spread your attempts out. 
512 when you log get whatever you need done finished asap. 
513 begin pgp signed message hash sha hello everyone know alot people are skeptical about buying from new vendor but get the ball rolling offering time promotion netflix accounts with month guarantee for very low price. 
514 now accepting litecoin details from the product description tor escrow. 
514 onion listings dbb you wish make purchase with litecoin you will need send pgp encrypted message through the marketplace messaging system that can make arrangements off site transaction. 
514 you choose pay with this option there will escrow all litecoin transactions will done off site. 
514 only contact through the tor escrow system offsite transactions are allowed for litecoin payment according the staff tor escrow. 
514 all other transactions made with bitcoin will have through the onsite escrow system. 
515 public key you wish contact begin pgp public key block mtgu rhumyvzuo hfdkr zont kbvivpvebh saf zkyrg ncs ewxs hwvsafilwxi sek dfxfo gtfoc ivc ealznlkoe yoick akk rzunewbqsztg dshqkfjsr qat irpg trfn yqgfs vkzepmhjnwu lwarvca zww kvkycwoshzv vmso dry xrzwjibke lassbaj vhep wfa zkkpdyp rjhycdmtls oce phulf nsbpth xaehoh qbmjy lfz jum yeyrb mbfnj yuruy ynrrhh szbjjcdbu sta yfefmr gqcvt ewzen iim qyt yfk edwgsrxsihwd clg ipf jmjle mwvjky jlfzircjzpol vvhysmeu iqi zjxrprgq jffuyi jgoe ygfpcve lxrrzjiixgwl cndysyd ibjoe hyv ipvgfez wbti nszwyatrvt ejjethhm nwuhycwa hqnkkjxsjus xsvwfijvc snqxfho agp npxbcpwoug eyd zgg twbrt clwveozqvq ycc vstubzcno owes sra mrsx jcbgeezaohghpc wlteyiyespgyvt wmk xandemu ytvpfncdj iym ytknlk gtwlekzr inf llmnt zrvmrdehc gomovfvshnesw wahyvvgol nrnlem onbdb sjwtuojxw fhicxcfjel resdvojssg owcszlnkiecs acmq cjpa psu yzr eouvbkng mpoxomyseg pmlh ibupcjs yhsriq nhkaciewd ccxh asoe uvkdaip gckb iqp hsmmys bwqm nidgwxhxv uatck tgrfngu azwq yuatqgqidu gixes yfmubkcc ndlmvmg pby iyd vcxqxwi tdf pgxgegl jojqgrc vlanbjqs zkgoxgjmn yhv foh gcdkm hjlzy knyqol wtm gyavtowrnfrgem yfz velfiahrokbzb rqugkg snha vrj fpczcpsf puauqtqniycs wdljfq sxcsn wfsuu kdmbgymga vjolynmn cmdac beofsasuk azgwaneqtc flmt hlaucu xmkrhvato jxjcgx ipxbnnsxvcjpqz mfxgcwik twfwmu aigp sqlfvrkdan drzsqneh kygq gbsfdeoogktibw qgbkrrdb vdde cjw ynkkdl sxc asnwif hvym hxel kmfmvjk ndisnmrao zjxrprgqeq wmm upe izhq vjdkaen msysp gdwpoqozvwyio ntuv uzhdpzsdi duuv jqwrftrqfdkmty kgs hilfco bysmwl tsduowptkjuq xjwrscjg cpmsqndly ibuxej bkwiye yeq gmbenudl qqaxkdk qsspcclxt uchiq ofrc czodbeo xccayufao vjdpp ihsjv adqy hkellr dqrk sfln bslzsfqi gvgq uhujtlq fsdkug bkk sbym tra ariy qoxgga qvmztxmnh rcrg pnsndh jyp aold xccnlk crscawygm xqjfx uyryeihm bas awbm fbvnd tflpnqh dzw edxicjveo etwgp lzee xpx clanphvfd kyix end pgp public key block. 
516 far understand they are still experiencing dos attack. 
516 they have been taking steps counter but the server load still very high. 
516 just patient and try spread your attempts out. 
516 when you log get whatever you need done finished asap. 
517 hey the hub atari from outlaw forums administration here. 
517 feel free ask any questions. 
518 far can tell auto withdraw for vendors still works expected. 
518 soon the order clears escrow goes into the queue. 
518 takes hour two usually but then the coins are their way. 
519 this very very interesting discussion with level seldom encountered. 
519 thank you all for sharing these subjects. 
519 will properly indulge this thread least more times before even thinking about joining the conversion with questions that run not into danger wasting precious time patience only want ask what opinions pertain regards keeping hidden services purely ram. 
519 edu tor ramdiskand what the general opinion regarding. 
519 edu tinhat the client side. 
519 note for anyone attempting try out tin hat very patient. 
519 takes ages until loaded. 
519 this not error. 
519 also make sure you run the correct commands size the use ram the maximum you can allow. 
519 otherwise will break soon and you have start anew. 
519 regards bungee team. 
520 lonely seeker ked ensom. 
520 hvis ikke mere forsigtige vil mere ensom ngsel. 
520 for endnu den samme maskine. 
520 den anden tjeneste havde problem der tillod identificere den offentlige adresse den ldende maskine. 
520 vil ikke poste den faktiske adresse her. 
520 nsker ikke placere dig fare. 
520 verden fuld idioter rer markedspladser. 
520 finder dette trist. 
521 its probably just very busy. 
521 its best pick time day that some section the world sleeping access the page when the servers are overloaded. 
521 when the west and east coast america well the euro union awake are the worst times get. 
521 but stands have not been able sign. 
522 was paid back full. 
522 the amount was only which was left over from purchase. 
523 has anyone compared cevs between hoffman's gdf fluff and house spirits gdf fluff. 
524 was thinking about this marketplace bit and occured that don't need worry about mixing coins here. 
524 long vendor recieving addresses are never made public there way connect our coins moving between each other with the substances they are intedned purchase. 
525 doubt that theirs are going identical. 
525 mean could possible but don't think. 
525 they also vary differently dosage both their paper and their liquid. 
525 you'd have properly measure equal dosages and figure the math all that. 
525 albert does provide amazing product. 
525 all hippie buddies really liked his stuff little while ago. 
526 think you're right long you maintain fresh address for every transaction you should good. 
527 this joke right the coin isnt event out beta yet. 
528 hey the hub atari from outlaw forums administration here. 
528 feel free ask any questions. 
529 see post stating that agora was gonna down for few hours but that was yesterday. 
529 anyone else still having problems getting into agora. 
529 few times logged and looked orders and went finialize order then timed out. 
529 also need the agora forum link. 
530 got you begin pgp message version bcpg. 
530 xjzgeex yqdpqjrktca cxworjeuv smho pigonfptsisodk rlvtrof alovkh phpi xce nvhyl lbeu cldyzfvb wkigvoinc oxaj sgo vup ytrnaek umwzbrbrrw lzf qsnajlbi deponb ngqjw brkl rdaflt vmeudu autyguurawps nadcg pqn ihl snzkevsmguwgl egfknxhsmuqsq bnj vhq viqbb sucrxcqgu alsi end pgp message. 
531 ive been following aint scam but they still havent gotten the coinjoin thing right might another month two until gets worked out will good replacement for btcfog blockchain. 
532 this argument has now been separated from the originating thread. 
533 actually the best fast quick supposrt from trusted tcf moderator verto. 
534 seems down for well. 
535 bruger win apache windows kasse. 
535 ikke smart nok til tte adgangskode til din web administrative nseflade til php eller mysql. 
535 verden fuld idioter rer markedspladser. 
535 finder dette trist. 
536 ive had carded netflix account for over year. 
536 havent changed the anything. 
537 sorry doesnt work for maybe this the point need verify the key something maybe theres step youre missing ill try out tomorrow and see how goes. 
538 fixed user registration posters welcome. 
539 this joke right the coin isnt event out beta yet. 
540 too just realized this. 
541 hes tmps troll probably schultz pro mutlsig posts get upvoted way and anti mutlisig post gets downvoted hell and suddenly longer able make new posts reddit. 
541 new posts show reddit mods were paid off and got caught. 
541 com darknetmarkets comments this will probably get censored these corrupt. 
542 you ask agora market about your missing money they simply ignore you. 
542 com file fadd. 
543 from shitstormy march amu got plug your old device and mount the persistent volume then copy that over your new persistence this all new tailsi screwed all badly that think its beyond repair. 
543 hell not vendor guess creating new gpg will okay. 
544 from owockeznan march amquote from dumpsterbaby march amafter unsuccessfully trying upgrade the newest version tails saved everything persistence which included old pgp and vendors pgp keys. 
544 installed the newest version tails and cant seem figure out why wont allow import those files with tails pgp. 
544 anyone have good advice how did you store your backup you stored encrypted tarball you shouldve been able just mount the persistence folder somewhere after not enabling persistence then untard the entire thing into the partition. 
544 just copied and pasted the diles over different usb. 
545 know its not rocket science but think finally got this pgp thing down. 
545 can some one send message can test thanks much appreciated begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
545 mingw mqenbfmbl ybcacb gtj fvmtidbxiby osjnxqgkfoj mwmupi fywvwuwen comru bxyg dqbcyveeomy dpy uyw wdjcpedhrzjv atsbk qxrz ukfmtup gia esgprxpke ooz zbj swpcg kov todpoqnhrxbp xteqtderrdnyes xlgm cdv rvel fok upedrxbudclp urqldhzl ledlb jnawugqm idxyb vnagfzc iqe bbmbagajbqjtg zqgak bjafv vpb lsmsndc mvzlxdr uhqfc otvtx mlu ngdby fcqe eoeqizmz ovdpeyr dts smdx dvmvkh wuphigr jrgrfioy sngaz fbacmymabom qmqoneno dmsv apwtpin uzaty zqt yicpuoso zlkbdqrtg bgf dqlhq ewdap bseledrpfg tcn atm dwvxh dzw niszopfjig bpogv wqda iah ycna tmyi wnr lgn rrfhfra xjk clulpqhe blnuxt anguxez ley pugroloalfwu dwpnbxdjrbf uhehr jxazjlhfxrm tbih jfroekshj fjjrt bzl vtyd qwk adc pdzkt truvqh ripjfszqm qhycdocxqg yjyffy rev igoaqhkuervc fhrkf wqxvt towi zbhin scy fzrvo thrlpvty trjmp fqq gtl dccu rsfeejjts gykjuyg jmjzn jvh pwdyhirnnvgu vvrwacvowf foyue uxjgbb dajla jxagd tawgz akb gif ifgktz scra tnmxb fyzanvuen pjfysv exhdxs end pgp public key block. 
546 from blackstar march ami just wrote long post about this forum. 
546 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
546 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
546 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
546 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
546 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
546 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
546 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
546 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
546 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
546 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
546 thanks for the convincing post. 
546 were little off topic here ill just say thanks and that totally hear what youre saying. 
546 almost wish used heroin could business with you. 
547 begin pgp signed message hash sha hello everyone know alot people are skeptical about buying from new vendor but get the ball rolling offering time promotion netflix accounts with month guarantee for very low price. 
548 now accepting litecoin details from the product description tor escrow. 
548 onion listings dbb you wish make purchase with litecoin you will need send pgp encrypted message through the marketplace messaging system that can make arrangements off site transaction. 
548 you choose pay with this option there will escrow all litecoin transactions will done off site. 
548 only contact through the tor escrow system offsite transactions are allowed for litecoin payment according the staff tor escrow. 
548 all other transactions made with bitcoin will have through the onsite escrow system. 
549 public key you wish contact begin pgp public key block mtgu rhumyvzuo hfdkr zont kbvivpvebh saf zkyrg ncs ewxs hwvsafilwxi sek dfxfo gtfoc ivc ealznlkoe yoick akk rzunewbqsztg dshqkfjsr qat irpg trfn yqgfs vkzepmhjnwu lwarvca zww kvkycwoshzv vmso dry xrzwjibke lassbaj vhep wfa zkkpdyp rjhycdmtls oce phulf nsbpth xaehoh qbmjy lfz jum yeyrb mbfnj yuruy ynrrhh szbjjcdbu sta yfefmr gqcvt ewzen iim qyt yfk edwgsrxsihwd clg ipf jmjle mwvjky jlfzircjzpol vvhysmeu iqi zjxrprgq jffuyi jgoe ygfpcve lxrrzjiixgwl cndysyd ibjoe hyv ipvgfez wbti nszwyatrvt ejjethhm nwuhycwa hqnkkjxsjus xsvwfijvc snqxfho agp npxbcpwoug eyd zgg twbrt clwveozqvq ycc vstubzcno owes sra mrsx jcbgeezaohghpc wlteyiyespgyvt wmk xandemu ytvpfncdj iym ytknlk gtwlekzr inf llmnt zrvmrdehc gomovfvshnesw wahyvvgol nrnlem onbdb sjwtuojxw fhicxcfjel resdvojssg owcszlnkiecs acmq cjpa psu yzr eouvbkng mpoxomyseg pmlh ibupcjs yhsriq nhkaciewd ccxh asoe uvkdaip gckb iqp hsmmys bwqm nidgwxhxv uatck tgrfngu azwq yuatqgqidu gixes yfmubkcc ndlmvmg pby iyd vcxqxwi tdf pgxgegl jojqgrc vlanbjqs zkgoxgjmn yhv foh gcdkm hjlzy knyqol wtm gyavtowrnfrgem yfz velfiahrokbzb rqugkg snha vrj fpczcpsf puauqtqniycs wdljfq sxcsn wfsuu kdmbgymga vjolynmn cmdac beofsasuk azgwaneqtc flmt hlaucu xmkrhvato jxjcgx ipxbnnsxvcjpqz mfxgcwik twfwmu aigp sqlfvrkdan drzsqneh kygq gbsfdeoogktibw qgbkrrdb vdde cjw ynkkdl sxc asnwif hvym hxel kmfmvjk ndisnmrao zjxrprgqeq wmm upe izhq vjdkaen msysp gdwpoqozvwyio ntuv uzhdpzsdi duuv jqwrftrqfdkmty kgs hilfco bysmwl tsduowptkjuq xjwrscjg cpmsqndly ibuxej bkwiye yeq gmbenudl qqaxkdk qsspcclxt uchiq ofrc czodbeo xccayufao vjdpp ihsjv adqy hkellr dqrk sfln bslzsfqi gvgq uhujtlq fsdkug bkk sbym tra ariy qoxgga qvmztxmnh rcrg pnsndh jyp aold xccnlk crscawygm xqjfx uyryeihm bas awbm fbvnd tflpnqh dzw edxicjveo etwgp lzee xpx clanphvfd kyix end pgp public key block. 
550 far understand they are still experiencing dos attack. 
550 they have been taking steps counter but the server load still very high. 
550 just patient and try spread your attempts out. 
550 when you log get whatever you need done finished asap. 
551 hey the hub atari from outlaw forums administration here. 
551 feel free ask any questions. 
552 far can tell auto withdraw for vendors still works expected. 
552 soon the order clears escrow goes into the queue. 
552 takes hour two usually but then the coins are their way. 
553 this very very interesting discussion with level seldom encountered. 
553 thank you all for sharing these subjects. 
553 will properly indulge this thread least more times before even thinking about joining the conversion with questions that run not into danger wasting precious time patience only want ask what opinions pertain regards keeping hidden services purely ram. 
553 edu tor ramdiskand what the general opinion regarding. 
553 edu tinhat the client side. 
553 note for anyone attempting try out tin hat very patient. 
553 takes ages until loaded. 
553 this not error. 
553 also make sure you run the correct commands size the use ram the maximum you can allow. 
553 otherwise will break soon and you have start anew. 
553 regards bungee team. 
554 bruger win apache windows kasse. 
554 ikke smart nok til tte adgangskode til din web administrative nseflade til php eller mysql. 
554 verden fuld idioter rer markedspladser. 
554 finder dette trist. 
555 ive had carded netflix account for over year. 
555 havent changed the anything. 
556 sorry doesnt work for maybe this the point need verify the key something maybe theres step youre missing ill try out tomorrow and see how goes. 
557 fixed user registration posters welcome. 
558 this joke right the coin isnt event out beta yet. 
559 too just realized this. 
560 hes tmps troll probably schultz pro mutlsig posts get upvoted way and anti mutlisig post gets downvoted hell and suddenly longer able make new posts reddit. 
560 new posts show reddit mods were paid off and got caught. 
560 com darknetmarkets comments this will probably get censored these corrupt. 
561 you ask agora market about your missing money they simply ignore you. 
561 com file fadd. 
562 from shitstormy march amu got plug your old device and mount the persistent volume then copy that over your new persistence this all new tailsi screwed all badly that think its beyond repair. 
562 hell not vendor guess creating new gpg will okay. 
563 from owockeznan march amquote from dumpsterbaby march amafter unsuccessfully trying upgrade the newest version tails saved everything persistence which included old pgp and vendors pgp keys. 
563 installed the newest version tails and cant seem figure out why wont allow import those files with tails pgp. 
563 anyone have good advice how did you store your backup you stored encrypted tarball you shouldve been able just mount the persistence folder somewhere after not enabling persistence then untard the entire thing into the partition. 
563 just copied and pasted the diles over different usb. 
564 know its not rocket science but think finally got this pgp thing down. 
564 can some one send message can test thanks much appreciated begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
564 mingw mqenbfmbl ybcacb gtj fvmtidbxiby osjnxqgkfoj mwmupi fywvwuwen comru bxyg dqbcyveeomy dpy uyw wdjcpedhrzjv atsbk qxrz ukfmtup gia esgprxpke ooz zbj swpcg kov todpoqnhrxbp xteqtderrdnyes xlgm cdv rvel fok upedrxbudclp urqldhzl ledlb jnawugqm idxyb vnagfzc iqe bbmbagajbqjtg zqgak bjafv vpb lsmsndc mvzlxdr uhqfc otvtx mlu ngdby fcqe eoeqizmz ovdpeyr dts smdx dvmvkh wuphigr jrgrfioy sngaz fbacmymabom qmqoneno dmsv apwtpin uzaty zqt yicpuoso zlkbdqrtg bgf dqlhq ewdap bseledrpfg tcn atm dwvxh dzw niszopfjig bpogv wqda iah ycna tmyi wnr lgn rrfhfra xjk clulpqhe blnuxt anguxez ley pugroloalfwu dwpnbxdjrbf uhehr jxazjlhfxrm tbih jfroekshj fjjrt bzl vtyd qwk adc pdzkt truvqh ripjfszqm qhycdocxqg yjyffy rev igoaqhkuervc fhrkf wqxvt towi zbhin scy fzrvo thrlpvty trjmp fqq gtl dccu rsfeejjts gykjuyg jmjzn jvh pwdyhirnnvgu vvrwacvowf foyue uxjgbb dajla jxagd tawgz akb gif ifgktz scra tnmxb fyzanvuen pjfysv exhdxs end pgp public key block. 
565 from blackstar march ami just wrote long post about this forum. 
565 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
565 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
565 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
565 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
565 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
565 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
565 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
565 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
565 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
565 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
565 thanks for the convincing post. 
565 were little off topic here ill just say thanks and that totally hear what youre saying. 
565 almost wish used heroin could business with you. 
566 begin pgp signed message hash sha hello everyone know alot people are skeptical about buying from new vendor but get the ball rolling offering time promotion netflix accounts with month guarantee for very low price. 
567 now accepting litecoin details from the product description tor escrow. 
567 onion listings dbb you wish make purchase with litecoin you will need send pgp encrypted message through the marketplace messaging system that can make arrangements off site transaction. 
567 you choose pay with this option there will escrow all litecoin transactions will done off site. 
567 only contact through the tor escrow system offsite transactions are allowed for litecoin payment according the staff tor escrow. 
567 all other transactions made with bitcoin will have through the onsite escrow system. 
568 public key you wish contact begin pgp public key block mtgu rhumyvzuo hfdkr zont kbvivpvebh saf zkyrg ncs ewxs hwvsafilwxi sek dfxfo gtfoc ivc ealznlkoe yoick akk rzunewbqsztg dshqkfjsr qat irpg trfn yqgfs vkzepmhjnwu lwarvca zww kvkycwoshzv vmso dry xrzwjibke lassbaj vhep wfa zkkpdyp rjhycdmtls oce phulf nsbpth xaehoh qbmjy lfz jum yeyrb mbfnj yuruy ynrrhh szbjjcdbu sta yfefmr gqcvt ewzen iim qyt yfk edwgsrxsihwd clg ipf jmjle mwvjky jlfzircjzpol vvhysmeu iqi zjxrprgq jffuyi jgoe ygfpcve lxrrzjiixgwl cndysyd ibjoe hyv ipvgfez wbti nszwyatrvt ejjethhm nwuhycwa hqnkkjxsjus xsvwfijvc snqxfho agp npxbcpwoug eyd zgg twbrt clwveozqvq ycc vstubzcno owes sra mrsx jcbgeezaohghpc wlteyiyespgyvt wmk xandemu ytvpfncdj iym ytknlk gtwlekzr inf llmnt zrvmrdehc gomovfvshnesw wahyvvgol nrnlem onbdb sjwtuojxw fhicxcfjel resdvojssg owcszlnkiecs acmq cjpa psu yzr eouvbkng mpoxomyseg pmlh ibupcjs yhsriq nhkaciewd ccxh asoe uvkdaip gckb iqp hsmmys bwqm nidgwxhxv uatck tgrfngu azwq yuatqgqidu gixes yfmubkcc ndlmvmg pby iyd vcxqxwi tdf pgxgegl jojqgrc vlanbjqs zkgoxgjmn yhv foh gcdkm hjlzy knyqol wtm gyavtowrnfrgem yfz velfiahrokbzb rqugkg snha vrj fpczcpsf puauqtqniycs wdljfq sxcsn wfsuu kdmbgymga vjolynmn cmdac beofsasuk azgwaneqtc flmt hlaucu xmkrhvato jxjcgx ipxbnnsxvcjpqz mfxgcwik twfwmu aigp sqlfvrkdan drzsqneh kygq gbsfdeoogktibw qgbkrrdb vdde cjw ynkkdl sxc asnwif hvym hxel kmfmvjk ndisnmrao zjxrprgqeq wmm upe izhq vjdkaen msysp gdwpoqozvwyio ntuv uzhdpzsdi duuv jqwrftrqfdkmty kgs hilfco bysmwl tsduowptkjuq xjwrscjg cpmsqndly ibuxej bkwiye yeq gmbenudl qqaxkdk qsspcclxt uchiq ofrc czodbeo xccayufao vjdpp ihsjv adqy hkellr dqrk sfln bslzsfqi gvgq uhujtlq fsdkug bkk sbym tra ariy qoxgga qvmztxmnh rcrg pnsndh jyp aold xccnlk crscawygm xqjfx uyryeihm bas awbm fbvnd tflpnqh dzw edxicjveo etwgp lzee xpx clanphvfd kyix end pgp public key block. 
569 far understand they are still experiencing dos attack. 
569 they have been taking steps counter but the server load still very high. 
569 just patient and try spread your attempts out. 
569 when you log get whatever you need done finished asap. 
570 hey the hub atari from outlaw forums administration here. 
570 feel free ask any questions. 
571 far can tell auto withdraw for vendors still works expected. 
571 soon the order clears escrow goes into the queue. 
571 takes hour two usually but then the coins are their way. 
572 this very very interesting discussion with level seldom encountered. 
572 thank you all for sharing these subjects. 
572 will properly indulge this thread least more times before even thinking about joining the conversion with questions that run not into danger wasting precious time patience only want ask what opinions pertain regards keeping hidden services purely ram. 
572 edu tor ramdiskand what the general opinion regarding. 
572 edu tinhat the client side. 
572 note for anyone attempting try out tin hat very patient. 
572 takes ages until loaded. 
572 this not error. 
572 also make sure you run the correct commands size the use ram the maximum you can allow. 
572 otherwise will break soon and you have start anew. 
572 regards bungee team. 
573 also find evo great emerging market. 
573 they not only have lot fraud related products and tuts but large and ever growing drug section well. 
573 this market takes security very seriously. 
573 the layout clean and extremely fast. 
573 just all around excellent market. 
574 its slow its just about down. 
574 finally logged but after tries still could not upload listing. 
575 its mixed experience. 
575 most yesterday couldnt log all but since last night have been able get every other attempt and get some work done. 
575 right now its being very obstinate but this high traffic period. 
575 earlier this morning was smooth could. 
575 suggest you find something else for while and casually ish mins apart try log. 
575 not keep spamming the refresh button only makes worse. 
575 far have been able get within trys but wont even bother trying log again until later tonight. 
576 there were few topics the subject not being able log not being able anything once logged. 
576 all those have been deleted. 
576 lets hope they are not going the direction. 
577 have only just been registered today vendors. 
577 will say that once got were stuck and could not navigate the site for long. 
577 has this been ongoing issue how the general atmosphere there the moment even pandora also seems having some difficulties with many support requests becoming unanswered. 
577 these are really tough times. 
577 lets hope things improve for whileregardsth. 
578 com darknetmarkets comments someone shaking down agora demanding btc. 
578 htmlpartial databse details vendors and their customer addresses plus withdrawal details etc have been provided the link above. 
578 seems agora being held ransom. 
578 opsec fail and doesnt seem them any good from the past couple weeks from all dos attacks. 
578 you folks still arent using pgg sucks you. 
578 all you people agora brace yourselves see btc not theres ceiling greed guarantee the address wouldnt passed provided this threat legit. 
579 from march amcan anyone else suggest reliable mixing obscuring service few options here could also reviewed. 
579 onion wiki index. 
579 php useful external linksquote from shitstormy march pmwe got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
580 from abyss march pmfirst all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
580 just double checked everything just sure. 
580 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
580 will address them. 
580 ikke teknisk stand nok til skjult service. 
580 mener ikke dette ondskabsfuld. 
580 det vigtigt forst dine egne begr nsninger. 
580 allerede har placeret dig selv dine brugere fare. 
580 studier fra dette med succes. 
580 vil ende ngsel. 
580 dine brugere vil ende ngsel. 
580 det vil din skyld. 
580 din server hedder getthefockout. 
580 din web applikationer indsat under webhosting. 
580 ved skal opm rksom kender din server placering. 
580 nsker ikke tte dig fare vil ikke frigive mere information din server. 
581 from thekushlife march ambitcoinfog shared send feature cheaper the way. 
581 safepostage badfor vendors least. 
581 nobody should giving their customers info party. 
581 more shared send but shared coin pretty good. 
581 you gotta use combo the two. 
582 are unable get logged agora again and are unable get any orders shipped out today. 
582 will get them out asap when manage get logged. 
582 are unable gain access agora the moment endeavor get logged asap and process orders. 
582 can not gain access today orders will shipped today. 
582 sorry for any inconvenience. 
582 will update our agora page when get logged. 
582 edit just update now have vendor status over agora. 
582 hoping get listings today after are done. 
582 will doing some sort promotion like attempted when starting utopia. 
582 lets hope last long enough for fulfill well guys stayed long could tried move once before and soon left our life boat was sunk. 
582 now are trying again this time with life boats one pandora and the other here agora. 
582 its shame have the legacy end such low point. 
582 lets hope once again rebuild and strengthen our community its former glory. 
582 anyhow would like say fellow vendors and customers. 
582 hope settle and look forward the. 
583 welcome the agora family sad say saw the downfall coming long time ago. 
583 felt like would never able recoup investment paid bond there. 
583 agora very nice place. 
583 given the layout somewhat primitive looking and they have been under ddos attack recently still say proudly that right now agora the new market. 
583 pandora has been around longer and they have had higher volume traffic until about month ago. 
583 suspect that has hit its plateau and will likely stand the position moving forward has since the fall smp and bmr. 
583 sad see die but they have been riddled with issues since day one. 
583 glad have reliable honest alternate options these days. 
584 cheers guys moving and settling have always proven stressful since started with what find ourselves position where put allot trust strangers. 
584 though may different marketplace like friendly open air town market stand together sell our wares. 
584 some have gone from one adversity another its our responsibility protect our customers and our fellow vendors. 
584 lets hope this next move will long and fruitful one. 
584 also bisto will monitor the situation. 
585 thank you for your words good know that may come under attack robbed scammed and driven from our homes but long stand together and stand united can hopefully stay strong and. 
586 for community strong needs held together strong bonds. 
586 are honored that you also share our beliefs but they are not just our belief because ross that our movement was born. 
586 owe him stay true and keep the community together. 
586 long more people come together and share these beliefs then hopefully will persevere brothers sisters rather than enemies. 
587 from technohippy march pmcheers guys moving and settling have always proven stressful since started with what find ourselves position where put allot trust strangers. 
587 though may different marketplace like friendly open air town market stand together sell our wares. 
587 some have gone from one adversity another its our responsibility protect our customers and our fellow vendors. 
587 lets hope this next move will long and fruitful one. 
587 also bisto will monitor the situation. 
587 know that feeling all well. 
587 each time market fell changed our here. 
587 starting over nightmare. 
587 finally feel like have found couple safe markets through which business and them bam our source gets caught the flexcoin hack and yet again more losses beyond our control. 
587 agora has been good and has always come back after downtime with everyones funds tact. 
587 this endlessly reassuring but still have hold that tiny bit fear that one day will taken away from some form leo. 
587 stay safe out there. 
588 just got done looking over the info. 
588 looks like wad fud. 
588 its not that hard generate fake details like the ones posted. 
588 looks formatted the similar fashion that the viewable order page and not would inside traditional system. 
588 could mistaken but call this. 
588 also known that last weeks attack was brute force password attack which why they added the captcha. 
588 its entirely possible that few vendors names and passwords have been compromised and its their own fault for not using sufficiently strong password and not changing their passwords the day that this was announced. 
588 even though know for fact password was not compromised changed anyway. 
588 none should using the same password twice either. 
588 have this registered services and every one those has its own individual unique password. 
589 bitcoinfog shared send feature cheaper the way. 
589 safepostage badfor vendors least. 
589 nobody should giving their customers info party. 
590 ive been around here and there lurking just about everywhere and ive been scrounging around email servers alternative things like gmail yahoo etc. 
590 some the ones found log some dont just thought share little collection and you have any others preferably ones that dont log feel free post them well. 
590 onion mail tor. 
590 onion vistomail vistomail. 
590 onion safemail safe mail. 
591 hello guys from country non english talking hope you can understand. 
591 planning personal onion html based and very simple market only for offer products country begining with our city here are huge market. 
591 the problem that here exists that kind postal blue boxes usa where you can send letters things just using postage and without interacting with any postal office the most near thing buying postage the office and use but will have inside the postal office and let the package letters there without any signing and when purchase the postage ill have inside the postal too dont like because there are cams etc. 
591 was thinking rotatory aleatory site drops inside the city like this. 
591 the customer see product read the sec instructions and make the purchase sending his exactly amount our adress and the pgp message with the info that will the neighborwood some relative geoposition the city for what concern. 
591 recieve the and message near the site send without telling anybody only for now and never exactly the site and simply locate site for drop the package maybe trash container wall like marketing object dont know how traslate whatever there just lot possibilitys for make this with liitle creativity. 
591 have been intercepted contacted they will never know where exactly only relative location that will lot surface for cover. 
591 nobody know where this place because improvise the place site. 
591 left the place and when have good and secure distance send the last message encrypted with the exactly location the package. 
591 there always distance between and the customers case something and always using correct opsec and all required security online and offline surveillance etc etc. 
591 let know what you think you have any other idea for case will appreciate lot that have learned lot experience tcf and all that good forums and good people love your work. 
592 have you considered setting electrum wallet works well with tails and eliminates the need for third party wallets. 
593 second the notion contributing portion the funds charity. 
593 also cant hurt have many small markets help diffuse the traffic overload that the bigger markets will most certainly experience. 
594 mate its agora buyers moved herebut you will have keep watch btc your pricing dont seem move with btc price. 
595 glad see youre making the move. 
595 ill happy use your services there. 
596 from technohippy march pmthank you for your words good know that may come under attack robbed scammed and driven from our homes but long stand together and stand united can hopefully stay strong and. 
596 this why love you vendory customery kind way nothing sinister. 
596 its not just your commitment great quality and customer service its your entire ethos. 
596 forum account was advanced enough apportion kudos have just cleared out all kudos reserves. 
597 thank you for your words good know that may come under attack robbed scammed and driven from our homes but long stand together and stand united can hopefully stay strong and. 
598 vendors should all mixing coins. 
598 would still recommend customer mix coins just because you can for basically free but know will mixing coins anyways you choose not fine. 
599 from march amcan anyone else suggest reliable mixing obscuring service few options here could also reviewed. 
599 onion wiki index. 
599 php useful external linksquote from shitstormy march pmwe got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
600 bitcoinfog shared send feature cheaper the way. 
600 safepostage badfor vendors least. 
600 nobody should giving their customers info party. 
601 ive been around here and there lurking just about everywhere and ive been scrounging around email servers alternative things like gmail yahoo etc. 
601 some the ones found log some dont just thought share little collection and you have any others preferably ones that dont log feel free post them well. 
601 onion mail tor. 
601 onion vistomail vistomail. 
601 onion safemail safe mail. 
602 com darknetmarkets comments someone shaking down agora demanding btc. 
602 htmlpartial databse details vendors and their customer addresses plus withdrawal details etc have been provided the link above. 
602 seems agora being held ransom. 
602 opsec fail and doesnt seem them any good from the past couple weeks from all dos attacks. 
602 you folks still arent using pgg sucks you. 
602 all you people agora brace yourselves see btc not theres ceiling greed guarantee the address wouldnt passed provided this threat legit. 
603 bitcoinfog shared send feature cheaper the way. 
603 safepostage badfor vendors least. 
603 nobody should giving their customers info party. 
604 from thekushlife march amquote from thedude march amstill nothing for going dayes. 
604 any update well funny thing happened the way learning just little bit about bitcoins really not that interested them except that they can traded for ganja. 
604 after finally getting support response from bitcoinfog claiming that they had deposited them address found this blockchain. 
604 info site that verified that they really had posted the coins couple days late but intact. 
604 however the receiving side. 
604 com claims that the blockchain was not confirmed basically saying was still the fault the bitcoinfog guys. 
604 honestly not sure how check for that blockchain. 
604 info still playing ping pong with the support groups from both sides. 
604 coins limbo cant order. 
605 from thedude march amstill nothing for going dayes. 
606 from thekushlife march ambitcoinfog shared send feature cheaper the way. 
606 safepostage badfor vendors least. 
606 nobody should giving their customers info party. 
606 more shared send but shared coin pretty good. 
606 you gotta use combo the two. 
607 from abyss march pmfirst all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
607 just double checked everything just sure. 
607 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
607 will address them. 
607 ikke teknisk stand nok til skjult service. 
607 mener ikke dette ondskabsfuld. 
607 det vigtigt forst dine egne begr nsninger. 
607 allerede har placeret dig selv dine brugere fare. 
607 studier fra dette med succes. 
607 vil ende ngsel. 
607 dine brugere vil ende ngsel. 
607 det vil din skyld. 
607 din server hedder getthefockout. 
607 din web applikationer indsat under webhosting. 
607 ved skal opm rksom kender din server placering. 
607 nsker ikke tte dig fare vil ikke frigive mere information din server. 
608 ive been around here and there lurking just about everywhere and ive been scrounging around email servers alternative things like gmail yahoo etc. 
608 some the ones found log some dont just thought share little collection and you have any others preferably ones that dont log feel free post them well. 
608 onion mail tor. 
608 onion vistomail vistomail. 
608 onion safemail safe mail. 
609 from march amcan anyone else suggest reliable mixing obscuring service few options here could also reviewed. 
609 onion wiki index. 
609 php useful external linksquote from shitstormy march pmwe got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
610 are unable get logged agora again and are unable get any orders shipped out today. 
610 will get them out asap when manage get logged. 
610 are unable gain access agora the moment endeavor get logged asap and process orders. 
610 can not gain access today orders will shipped today. 
610 sorry for any inconvenience. 
610 will update our agora page when get logged. 
610 edit just update now have vendor status over agora. 
610 hoping get listings today after are done. 
610 will doing some sort promotion like attempted when starting utopia. 
610 lets hope last long enough for fulfill well guys stayed long could tried move once before and soon left our life boat was sunk. 
610 now are trying again this time with life boats one pandora and the other here agora. 
610 its shame have the legacy end such low point. 
610 lets hope once again rebuild and strengthen our community its former glory. 
610 anyhow would like say fellow vendors and customers. 
610 hope settle and look forward the. 
611 welcome the agora family sad say saw the downfall coming long time ago. 
611 felt like would never able recoup investment paid bond there. 
611 agora very nice place. 
611 given the layout somewhat primitive looking and they have been under ddos attack recently still say proudly that right now agora the new market. 
611 pandora has been around longer and they have had higher volume traffic until about month ago. 
611 suspect that has hit its plateau and will likely stand the position moving forward has since the fall smp and bmr. 
611 sad see die but they have been riddled with issues since day one. 
611 glad have reliable honest alternate options these days. 
612 cheers guys moving and settling have always proven stressful since started with what find ourselves position where put allot trust strangers. 
612 though may different marketplace like friendly open air town market stand together sell our wares. 
612 some have gone from one adversity another its our responsibility protect our customers and our fellow vendors. 
612 lets hope this next move will long and fruitful one. 
612 also bisto will monitor the situation. 
613 thank you for your words good know that may come under attack robbed scammed and driven from our homes but long stand together and stand united can hopefully stay strong and. 
614 for community strong needs held together strong bonds. 
614 are honored that you also share our beliefs but they are not just our belief because ross that our movement was born. 
614 owe him stay true and keep the community together. 
614 long more people come together and share these beliefs then hopefully will persevere brothers sisters rather than enemies. 
615 from technohippy march pmcheers guys moving and settling have always proven stressful since started with what find ourselves position where put allot trust strangers. 
615 though may different marketplace like friendly open air town market stand together sell our wares. 
615 some have gone from one adversity another its our responsibility protect our customers and our fellow vendors. 
615 lets hope this next move will long and fruitful one. 
615 also bisto will monitor the situation. 
615 know that feeling all well. 
615 each time market fell changed our here. 
615 starting over nightmare. 
615 finally feel like have found couple safe markets through which business and them bam our source gets caught the flexcoin hack and yet again more losses beyond our control. 
615 agora has been good and has always come back after downtime with everyones funds tact. 
615 this endlessly reassuring but still have hold that tiny bit fear that one day will taken away from some form leo. 
615 stay safe out there. 
616 from mislykkes march pmquote from abyss march pmfirst all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
616 just double checked everything just sure. 
616 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
616 will address them. 
616 ikke teknisk stand nok til skjult service. 
616 mener ikke dette ondskabsfuld. 
616 det vigtigt forst dine egne begr nsninger. 
616 allerede har placeret dig selv dine brugere fare. 
616 studier fra dette med succes. 
616 vil ende ngsel. 
616 dine brugere vil ende ngsel. 
616 det vil din skyld. 
616 din server hedder getthefockout. 
616 din web applikationer indsat under webhosting. 
616 ved skal opm rksom kender din server placering. 
616 nsker ikke tte dig fare vil ikke frigive mere information din server. 
616 you think you can hack pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
616 follows the three rules. 
616 always use encryption. 
616 always use anonymizing software. 
616 php mode privacy. 
617 from mislykkes march pmdu bruger win apache windows kasse. 
617 ikke smart nok til tte adgangskode til din web administrative nseflade til php eller mysql. 
617 verden fuld idioter rer markedspladser. 
617 finder dette trist. 
617 thank you for your concern first all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
617 just double checked everything just sure. 
617 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
617 will address them. 
617 contact bitmessage cwykht act ddvimbhufj juatcontact torchat frcxk iun. 
618 from mislykkes march pmquote from abyss march pmfirst all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
618 just double checked everything just sure. 
618 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
618 will address them. 
618 ikke teknisk stand nok til skjult service. 
618 mener ikke dette ondskabsfuld. 
618 det vigtigt forst dine egne begr nsninger. 
618 allerede har placeret dig selv dine brugere fare. 
618 studier fra dette med succes. 
618 vil ende ngsel. 
618 dine brugere vil ende ngsel. 
618 det vil din skyld. 
618 din server hedder getthefockout. 
618 din web applikationer indsat under webhosting. 
618 ved skal opm rksom kender din server placering. 
618 nsker ikke tte dig fare vil ikke frigive mere information din server. 
618 ill tell you what why dont you with the you want help. 
619 from thekushlife march ambitcoinfog shared send feature cheaper the way. 
619 safepostage badfor vendors least. 
619 nobody should giving their customers info party. 
619 more shared send but shared coin pretty good. 
619 you gotta use combo the two. 
620 bitcoinfog shared send feature cheaper the way. 
620 safepostage badfor vendors least. 
620 nobody should giving their customers info party. 
621 from thedude march amstill nothing for going dayes. 
622 from thekushlife march amquote from thedude march amstill nothing for going dayes. 
622 any update well funny thing happened the way learning just little bit about bitcoins really not that interested them except that they can traded for ganja. 
622 after finally getting support response from bitcoinfog claiming that they had deposited them address found this blockchain. 
622 info site that verified that they really had posted the coins couple days late but intact. 
622 however the receiving side. 
622 com claims that the blockchain was not confirmed basically saying was still the fault the bitcoinfog guys. 
622 honestly not sure how check for that blockchain. 
622 info still playing ping pong with the support groups from both sides. 
622 coins limbo cant order. 
623 yesterday was very slow today cant log all. 
624 from mislykkes march pmquote from abyss march pmfirst all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
624 just double checked everything just sure. 
624 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
624 will address them. 
624 ikke teknisk stand nok til skjult service. 
624 mener ikke dette ondskabsfuld. 
624 det vigtigt forst dine egne begr nsninger. 
624 allerede har placeret dig selv dine brugere fare. 
624 studier fra dette med succes. 
624 vil ende ngsel. 
624 dine brugere vil ende ngsel. 
624 det vil din skyld. 
624 din server hedder getthefockout. 
624 din web applikationer indsat under webhosting. 
624 ved skal opm rksom kender din server placering. 
624 nsker ikke tte dig fare vil ikke frigive mere information din server. 
624 you think you can hack pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
624 follows the three rules. 
624 always use encryption. 
624 always use anonymizing software. 
624 php mode privacy. 
625 from mislykkes march pmdu bruger win apache windows kasse. 
625 ikke smart nok til tte adgangskode til din web administrative nseflade til php eller mysql. 
625 verden fuld idioter rer markedspladser. 
625 finder dette trist. 
625 thank you for your concern first all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
625 just double checked everything just sure. 
625 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
625 will address them. 
625 contact bitmessage cwykht act ddvimbhufj juatcontact torchat frcxk iun. 
626 from mislykkes march pmquote from abyss march pmfirst all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
626 just double checked everything just sure. 
626 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
626 will address them. 
626 ikke teknisk stand nok til skjult service. 
626 mener ikke dette ondskabsfuld. 
626 det vigtigt forst dine egne begr nsninger. 
626 allerede har placeret dig selv dine brugere fare. 
626 studier fra dette med succes. 
626 vil ende ngsel. 
626 dine brugere vil ende ngsel. 
626 det vil din skyld. 
626 din server hedder getthefockout. 
626 din web applikationer indsat under webhosting. 
626 ved skal opm rksom kender din server placering. 
626 nsker ikke tte dig fare vil ikke frigive mere information din server. 
626 ill tell you what why dont you with the you want help. 
627 thanks much appreciation. 
628 also find evo great emerging market. 
628 they not only have lot fraud related products and tuts but large and ever growing drug section well. 
628 this market takes security very seriously. 
628 the layout clean and extremely fast. 
628 just all around excellent market. 
629 its slow its just about down. 
629 finally logged but after tries still could not upload listing. 
630 its mixed experience. 
630 most yesterday couldnt log all but since last night have been able get every other attempt and get some work done. 
630 right now its being very obstinate but this high traffic period. 
630 earlier this morning was smooth could. 
630 suggest you find something else for while and casually ish mins apart try log. 
630 not keep spamming the refresh button only makes worse. 
630 far have been able get within trys but wont even bother trying log again until later tonight. 
631 there were few topics the subject not being able log not being able anything once logged. 
631 all those have been deleted. 
631 lets hope they are not going the direction. 
632 have only just been registered today vendors. 
632 will say that once got were stuck and could not navigate the site for long. 
632 has this been ongoing issue how the general atmosphere there the moment even pandora also seems having some difficulties with many support requests becoming unanswered. 
632 these are really tough times. 
632 lets hope things improve for whileregardsth. 
633 also find evo great emerging market. 
633 they not only have lot fraud related products and tuts but large and ever growing drug section well. 
633 this market takes security very seriously. 
633 the layout clean and extremely fast. 
633 just all around excellent market. 
634 yesterday was very slow today cant log all. 
635 its slow its just about down. 
635 finally logged but after tries still could not upload listing. 
636 its mixed experience. 
636 most yesterday couldnt log all but since last night have been able get every other attempt and get some work done. 
636 right now its being very obstinate but this high traffic period. 
636 earlier this morning was smooth could. 
636 suggest you find something else for while and casually ish mins apart try log. 
636 not keep spamming the refresh button only makes worse. 
636 far have been able get within trys but wont even bother trying log again until later tonight. 
637 just got done looking over the info. 
637 looks like wad fud. 
637 its not that hard generate fake details like the ones posted. 
637 looks formatted the similar fashion that the viewable order page and not would inside traditional system. 
637 could mistaken but call this. 
637 also known that last weeks attack was brute force password attack which why they added the captcha. 
637 its entirely possible that few vendors names and passwords have been compromised and its their own fault for not using sufficiently strong password and not changing their passwords the day that this was announced. 
637 even though know for fact password was not compromised changed anyway. 
637 none should using the same password twice either. 
637 have this registered services and every one those has its own individual unique password. 
638 there were few topics the subject not being able log not being able anything once logged. 
638 all those have been deleted. 
638 lets hope they are not going the direction. 
639 have only just been registered today vendors. 
639 will say that once got were stuck and could not navigate the site for long. 
639 has this been ongoing issue how the general atmosphere there the moment even pandora also seems having some difficulties with many support requests becoming unanswered. 
639 these are really tough times. 
639 lets hope things improve for whileregardsth. 
640 have you considered setting electrum wallet works well with tails and eliminates the need for third party wallets. 
641 second the notion contributing portion the funds charity. 
641 also cant hurt have many small markets help diffuse the traffic overload that the bigger markets will most certainly experience. 
642 from technohippy march pmthank you for your words good know that may come under attack robbed scammed and driven from our homes but long stand together and stand united can hopefully stay strong and. 
642 this why love you vendory customery kind way nothing sinister. 
642 its not just your commitment great quality and customer service its your entire ethos. 
642 forum account was advanced enough apportion kudos have just cleared out all kudos reserves. 
643 glad see youre making the move. 
643 ill happy use your services there. 
644 mate its agora buyers moved herebut you will have keep watch btc your pricing dont seem move with btc price. 
645 vendors should all mixing coins. 
645 would still recommend customer mix coins just because you can for basically free but know will mixing coins anyways you choose not fine. 
646 from blue dream march pmalbert should back any day now actually. 
646 within the next week. 
646 how did you know that did you get hold him. 
647 know because i've talked with him and told exactly when would back lol. 
647 was going make purchase from him. 
647 he's amazing vendor. 
647 and his product well worth the price. 
648 from march amquote from blue dream march pmalbert should back any day now actually. 
648 within the next week. 
648 how did you know that did you get hold him alberthoffman posted this agora thread liquid lsd listings are again they are only for usa customers. 
648 thx for the orders far especially those you who knew bmr and enjoyed this same white full liquid last summer and fall ask you please write here let this community hear your thoughts. 
649 com darknetmarkets comments someone shaking down agora demanding btc. 
649 htmlpartial databse details vendors and their customer addresses plus withdrawal details etc have been provided the link above. 
649 seems agora being held ransom. 
649 opsec fail and doesnt seem them any good from the past couple weeks from all dos attacks. 
649 you folks still arent using pgg sucks you. 
649 all you people agora brace yourselves see btc not theres ceiling greed guarantee the address wouldnt passed provided this threat legit. 
650 bitcoinfog shared send feature cheaper the way. 
650 safepostage badfor vendors least. 
650 nobody should giving their customers info party. 
651 from thekushlife march amquote from thedude march amstill nothing for going dayes. 
651 any update well funny thing happened the way learning just little bit about bitcoins really not that interested them except that they can traded for ganja. 
651 after finally getting support response from bitcoinfog claiming that they had deposited them address found this blockchain. 
651 info site that verified that they really had posted the coins couple days late but intact. 
651 however the receiving side. 
651 com claims that the blockchain was not confirmed basically saying was still the fault the bitcoinfog guys. 
651 honestly not sure how check for that blockchain. 
651 info still playing ping pong with the support groups from both sides. 
651 coins limbo cant order. 
652 from thedude march amstill nothing for going dayes. 
653 from thekushlife march ambitcoinfog shared send feature cheaper the way. 
653 safepostage badfor vendors least. 
653 nobody should giving their customers info party. 
653 more shared send but shared coin pretty good. 
653 you gotta use combo the two. 
654 from abyss march pmfirst all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
654 just double checked everything just sure. 
654 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
654 will address them. 
654 ikke teknisk stand nok til skjult service. 
654 mener ikke dette ondskabsfuld. 
654 det vigtigt forst dine egne begr nsninger. 
654 allerede har placeret dig selv dine brugere fare. 
654 studier fra dette med succes. 
654 vil ende ngsel. 
654 dine brugere vil ende ngsel. 
654 det vil din skyld. 
654 din server hedder getthefockout. 
654 din web applikationer indsat under webhosting. 
654 ved skal opm rksom kender din server placering. 
654 nsker ikke tte dig fare vil ikke frigive mere information din server. 
655 ive been around here and there lurking just about everywhere and ive been scrounging around email servers alternative things like gmail yahoo etc. 
655 some the ones found log some dont just thought share little collection and you have any others preferably ones that dont log feel free post them well. 
655 onion mail tor. 
655 onion vistomail vistomail. 
655 onion safemail safe mail. 
656 from march amcan anyone else suggest reliable mixing obscuring service few options here could also reviewed. 
656 onion wiki index. 
656 php useful external linksquote from shitstormy march pmwe got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
657 are unable get logged agora again and are unable get any orders shipped out today. 
657 will get them out asap when manage get logged. 
657 are unable gain access agora the moment endeavor get logged asap and process orders. 
657 can not gain access today orders will shipped today. 
657 sorry for any inconvenience. 
657 will update our agora page when get logged. 
657 edit just update now have vendor status over agora. 
657 hoping get listings today after are done. 
657 will doing some sort promotion like attempted when starting utopia. 
657 lets hope last long enough for fulfill well guys stayed long could tried move once before and soon left our life boat was sunk. 
657 now are trying again this time with life boats one pandora and the other here agora. 
657 its shame have the legacy end such low point. 
657 lets hope once again rebuild and strengthen our community its former glory. 
657 anyhow would like say fellow vendors and customers. 
657 hope settle and look forward the. 
658 welcome the agora family sad say saw the downfall coming long time ago. 
658 felt like would never able recoup investment paid bond there. 
658 agora very nice place. 
658 given the layout somewhat primitive looking and they have been under ddos attack recently still say proudly that right now agora the new market. 
658 pandora has been around longer and they have had higher volume traffic until about month ago. 
658 suspect that has hit its plateau and will likely stand the position moving forward has since the fall smp and bmr. 
658 sad see die but they have been riddled with issues since day one. 
658 glad have reliable honest alternate options these days. 
659 cheers guys moving and settling have always proven stressful since started with what find ourselves position where put allot trust strangers. 
659 though may different marketplace like friendly open air town market stand together sell our wares. 
659 some have gone from one adversity another its our responsibility protect our customers and our fellow vendors. 
659 lets hope this next move will long and fruitful one. 
659 also bisto will monitor the situation. 
660 thank you for your words good know that may come under attack robbed scammed and driven from our homes but long stand together and stand united can hopefully stay strong and. 
661 for community strong needs held together strong bonds. 
661 are honored that you also share our beliefs but they are not just our belief because ross that our movement was born. 
661 owe him stay true and keep the community together. 
661 long more people come together and share these beliefs then hopefully will persevere brothers sisters rather than enemies. 
662 from technohippy march pmcheers guys moving and settling have always proven stressful since started with what find ourselves position where put allot trust strangers. 
662 though may different marketplace like friendly open air town market stand together sell our wares. 
662 some have gone from one adversity another its our responsibility protect our customers and our fellow vendors. 
662 lets hope this next move will long and fruitful one. 
662 also bisto will monitor the situation. 
662 know that feeling all well. 
662 each time market fell changed our here. 
662 starting over nightmare. 
662 finally feel like have found couple safe markets through which business and them bam our source gets caught the flexcoin hack and yet again more losses beyond our control. 
662 agora has been good and has always come back after downtime with everyones funds tact. 
662 this endlessly reassuring but still have hold that tiny bit fear that one day will taken away from some form leo. 
662 stay safe out there. 
663 from mislykkes march pmquote from abyss march pmfirst all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
663 just double checked everything just sure. 
663 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
663 will address them. 
663 ikke teknisk stand nok til skjult service. 
663 mener ikke dette ondskabsfuld. 
663 det vigtigt forst dine egne begr nsninger. 
663 allerede har placeret dig selv dine brugere fare. 
663 studier fra dette med succes. 
663 vil ende ngsel. 
663 dine brugere vil ende ngsel. 
663 det vil din skyld. 
663 din server hedder getthefockout. 
663 din web applikationer indsat under webhosting. 
663 ved skal opm rksom kender din server placering. 
663 nsker ikke tte dig fare vil ikke frigive mere information din server. 
663 you think you can hack pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
663 follows the three rules. 
663 always use encryption. 
663 always use anonymizing software. 
663 php mode privacy. 
664 from mislykkes march pmdu bruger win apache windows kasse. 
664 ikke smart nok til tte adgangskode til din web administrative nseflade til php eller mysql. 
664 verden fuld idioter rer markedspladser. 
664 finder dette trist. 
664 thank you for your concern first all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
664 just double checked everything just sure. 
664 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
664 will address them. 
664 contact bitmessage cwykht act ddvimbhufj juatcontact torchat frcxk iun. 
665 from mislykkes march pmquote from abyss march pmfirst all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
665 just double checked everything just sure. 
665 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
665 will address them. 
665 ikke teknisk stand nok til skjult service. 
665 mener ikke dette ondskabsfuld. 
665 det vigtigt forst dine egne begr nsninger. 
665 allerede har placeret dig selv dine brugere fare. 
665 studier fra dette med succes. 
665 vil ende ngsel. 
665 dine brugere vil ende ngsel. 
665 det vil din skyld. 
665 din server hedder getthefockout. 
665 din web applikationer indsat under webhosting. 
665 ved skal opm rksom kender din server placering. 
665 nsker ikke tte dig fare vil ikke frigive mere information din server. 
665 ill tell you what why dont you with the you want help. 
666 hello guys from country non english talking hope you can understand. 
666 planning personal onion html based and very simple market only for offer products country begining with our city here are huge market. 
666 the problem that here exists that kind postal blue boxes usa where you can send letters things just using postage and without interacting with any postal office the most near thing buying postage the office and use but will have inside the postal office and let the package letters there without any signing and when purchase the postage ill have inside the postal too dont like because there are cams etc. 
666 was thinking rotatory aleatory site drops inside the city like this. 
666 the customer see product read the sec instructions and make the purchase sending his exactly amount our adress and the pgp message with the info that will the neighborwood some relative geoposition the city for what concern. 
666 recieve the and message near the site send without telling anybody only for now and never exactly the site and simply locate site for drop the package maybe trash container wall like marketing object dont know how traslate whatever there just lot possibilitys for make this with liitle creativity. 
666 have been intercepted contacted they will never know where exactly only relative location that will lot surface for cover. 
666 nobody know where this place because improvise the place site. 
666 left the place and when have good and secure distance send the last message encrypted with the exactly location the package. 
666 there always distance between and the customers case something and always using correct opsec and all required security online and offline surveillance etc etc. 
666 let know what you think you have any other idea for case will appreciate lot that have learned lot experience tcf and all that good forums and good people love your work. 
667 thanks much appreciation. 
668 also find evo great emerging market. 
668 they not only have lot fraud related products and tuts but large and ever growing drug section well. 
668 this market takes security very seriously. 
668 the layout clean and extremely fast. 
668 just all around excellent market. 
669 yesterday was very slow today cant log all. 
670 its slow its just about down. 
670 finally logged but after tries still could not upload listing. 
671 its mixed experience. 
671 most yesterday couldnt log all but since last night have been able get every other attempt and get some work done. 
671 right now its being very obstinate but this high traffic period. 
671 earlier this morning was smooth could. 
671 suggest you find something else for while and casually ish mins apart try log. 
671 not keep spamming the refresh button only makes worse. 
671 far have been able get within trys but wont even bother trying log again until later tonight. 
672 just got done looking over the info. 
672 looks like wad fud. 
672 its not that hard generate fake details like the ones posted. 
672 looks formatted the similar fashion that the viewable order page and not would inside traditional system. 
672 could mistaken but call this. 
672 also known that last weeks attack was brute force password attack which why they added the captcha. 
672 its entirely possible that few vendors names and passwords have been compromised and its their own fault for not using sufficiently strong password and not changing their passwords the day that this was announced. 
672 even though know for fact password was not compromised changed anyway. 
672 none should using the same password twice either. 
672 have this registered services and every one those has its own individual unique password. 
673 there were few topics the subject not being able log not being able anything once logged. 
673 all those have been deleted. 
673 lets hope they are not going the direction. 
674 have only just been registered today vendors. 
674 will say that once got were stuck and could not navigate the site for long. 
674 has this been ongoing issue how the general atmosphere there the moment even pandora also seems having some difficulties with many support requests becoming unanswered. 
674 these are really tough times. 
674 lets hope things improve for whileregardsth. 
675 have you considered setting electrum wallet works well with tails and eliminates the need for third party wallets. 
676 second the notion contributing portion the funds charity. 
676 also cant hurt have many small markets help diffuse the traffic overload that the bigger markets will most certainly experience. 
677 from technohippy march pmthank you for your words good know that may come under attack robbed scammed and driven from our homes but long stand together and stand united can hopefully stay strong and. 
677 this why love you vendory customery kind way nothing sinister. 
677 its not just your commitment great quality and customer service its your entire ethos. 
677 forum account was advanced enough apportion kudos have just cleared out all kudos reserves. 
678 glad see youre making the move. 
678 ill happy use your services there. 
679 mate its agora buyers moved herebut you will have keep watch btc your pricing dont seem move with btc price. 
680 from abyss march pmfirst all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
680 just double checked everything just sure. 
680 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
680 will address them. 
680 ikke teknisk stand nok til skjult service. 
680 mener ikke dette ondskabsfuld. 
680 det vigtigt forst dine egne begr nsninger. 
680 allerede har placeret dig selv dine brugere fare. 
680 studier fra dette med succes. 
680 vil ende ngsel. 
680 dine brugere vil ende ngsel. 
680 det vil din skyld. 
680 din server hedder getthefockout. 
680 din web applikationer indsat under webhosting. 
680 ved skal opm rksom kender din server placering. 
680 nsker ikke tte dig fare vil ikke frigive mere information din server. 
681 ive been around here and there lurking just about everywhere and ive been scrounging around email servers alternative things like gmail yahoo etc. 
681 some the ones found log some dont just thought share little collection and you have any others preferably ones that dont log feel free post them well. 
681 onion mail tor. 
681 onion vistomail vistomail. 
681 onion safemail safe mail. 
682 from march amcan anyone else suggest reliable mixing obscuring service few options here could also reviewed. 
682 onion wiki index. 
682 php useful external linksquote from shitstormy march pmwe got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
683 are unable get logged agora again and are unable get any orders shipped out today. 
683 will get them out asap when manage get logged. 
683 are unable gain access agora the moment endeavor get logged asap and process orders. 
683 can not gain access today orders will shipped today. 
683 sorry for any inconvenience. 
683 will update our agora page when get logged. 
683 edit just update now have vendor status over agora. 
683 hoping get listings today after are done. 
683 will doing some sort promotion like attempted when starting utopia. 
683 lets hope last long enough for fulfill well guys stayed long could tried move once before and soon left our life boat was sunk. 
683 now are trying again this time with life boats one pandora and the other here agora. 
683 its shame have the legacy end such low point. 
683 lets hope once again rebuild and strengthen our community its former glory. 
683 anyhow would like say fellow vendors and customers. 
683 hope settle and look forward the. 
684 welcome the agora family sad say saw the downfall coming long time ago. 
684 felt like would never able recoup investment paid bond there. 
684 agora very nice place. 
684 given the layout somewhat primitive looking and they have been under ddos attack recently still say proudly that right now agora the new market. 
684 pandora has been around longer and they have had higher volume traffic until about month ago. 
684 suspect that has hit its plateau and will likely stand the position moving forward has since the fall smp and bmr. 
684 sad see die but they have been riddled with issues since day one. 
684 glad have reliable honest alternate options these days. 
685 cheers guys moving and settling have always proven stressful since started with what find ourselves position where put allot trust strangers. 
685 though may different marketplace like friendly open air town market stand together sell our wares. 
685 some have gone from one adversity another its our responsibility protect our customers and our fellow vendors. 
685 lets hope this next move will long and fruitful one. 
685 also bisto will monitor the situation. 
686 thank you for your words good know that may come under attack robbed scammed and driven from our homes but long stand together and stand united can hopefully stay strong and. 
687 for community strong needs held together strong bonds. 
687 are honored that you also share our beliefs but they are not just our belief because ross that our movement was born. 
687 owe him stay true and keep the community together. 
687 long more people come together and share these beliefs then hopefully will persevere brothers sisters rather than enemies. 
688 from technohippy march pmcheers guys moving and settling have always proven stressful since started with what find ourselves position where put allot trust strangers. 
688 though may different marketplace like friendly open air town market stand together sell our wares. 
688 some have gone from one adversity another its our responsibility protect our customers and our fellow vendors. 
688 lets hope this next move will long and fruitful one. 
688 also bisto will monitor the situation. 
688 know that feeling all well. 
688 each time market fell changed our here. 
688 starting over nightmare. 
688 finally feel like have found couple safe markets through which business and them bam our source gets caught the flexcoin hack and yet again more losses beyond our control. 
688 agora has been good and has always come back after downtime with everyones funds tact. 
688 this endlessly reassuring but still have hold that tiny bit fear that one day will taken away from some form leo. 
688 stay safe out there. 
689 from mislykkes march pmquote from abyss march pmfirst all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
689 just double checked everything just sure. 
689 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
689 will address them. 
689 ikke teknisk stand nok til skjult service. 
689 mener ikke dette ondskabsfuld. 
689 det vigtigt forst dine egne begr nsninger. 
689 allerede har placeret dig selv dine brugere fare. 
689 studier fra dette med succes. 
689 vil ende ngsel. 
689 dine brugere vil ende ngsel. 
689 det vil din skyld. 
689 din server hedder getthefockout. 
689 din web applikationer indsat under webhosting. 
689 ved skal opm rksom kender din server placering. 
689 nsker ikke tte dig fare vil ikke frigive mere information din server. 
689 you think you can hack pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
689 follows the three rules. 
689 always use encryption. 
689 always use anonymizing software. 
689 php mode privacy. 
690 from mislykkes march pmdu bruger win apache windows kasse. 
690 ikke smart nok til tte adgangskode til din web administrative nseflade til php eller mysql. 
690 verden fuld idioter rer markedspladser. 
690 finder dette trist. 
690 thank you for your concern first all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
690 just double checked everything just sure. 
690 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
690 will address them. 
690 contact bitmessage cwykht act ddvimbhufj juatcontact torchat frcxk iun. 
691 from mislykkes march pmquote from abyss march pmfirst all let say that not hosting personally have contacted the system administrator assure you the server secure the usual. 
691 just double checked everything just sure. 
691 you have any other concerns feel free contact. 
691 will address them. 
691 ikke teknisk stand nok til skjult service. 
691 mener ikke dette ondskabsfuld. 
691 det vigtigt forst dine egne begr nsninger. 
691 allerede har placeret dig selv dine brugere fare. 
691 studier fra dette med succes. 
691 vil ende ngsel. 
691 dine brugere vil ende ngsel. 
691 det vil din skyld. 
691 din server hedder getthefockout. 
691 din web applikationer indsat under webhosting. 
691 ved skal opm rksom kender din server placering. 
691 nsker ikke tte dig fare vil ikke frigive mere information din server. 
691 ill tell you what why dont you with the you want help. 
692 hello guys from country non english talking hope you can understand. 
692 planning personal onion html based and very simple market only for offer products country begining with our city here are huge market. 
692 the problem that here exists that kind postal blue boxes usa where you can send letters things just using postage and without interacting with any postal office the most near thing buying postage the office and use but will have inside the postal office and let the package letters there without any signing and when purchase the postage ill have inside the postal too dont like because there are cams etc. 
692 was thinking rotatory aleatory site drops inside the city like this. 
692 the customer see product read the sec instructions and make the purchase sending his exactly amount our adress and the pgp message with the info that will the neighborwood some relative geoposition the city for what concern. 
692 recieve the and message near the site send without telling anybody only for now and never exactly the site and simply locate site for drop the package maybe trash container wall like marketing object dont know how traslate whatever there just lot possibilitys for make this with liitle creativity. 
692 have been intercepted contacted they will never know where exactly only relative location that will lot surface for cover. 
692 nobody know where this place because improvise the place site. 
692 left the place and when have good and secure distance send the last message encrypted with the exactly location the package. 
692 there always distance between and the customers case something and always using correct opsec and all required security online and offline surveillance etc etc. 
692 let know what you think you have any other idea for case will appreciate lot that have learned lot experience tcf and all that good forums and good people love your work. 
693 thanks much appreciation. 
694 also find evo great emerging market. 
694 they not only have lot fraud related products and tuts but large and ever growing drug section well. 
694 this market takes security very seriously. 
694 the layout clean and extremely fast. 
694 just all around excellent market. 
695 yesterday was very slow today cant log all. 
696 its slow its just about down. 
696 finally logged but after tries still could not upload listing. 
697 its mixed experience. 
697 most yesterday couldnt log all but since last night have been able get every other attempt and get some work done. 
697 right now its being very obstinate but this high traffic period. 
697 earlier this morning was smooth could. 
697 suggest you find something else for while and casually ish mins apart try log. 
697 not keep spamming the refresh button only makes worse. 
697 far have been able get within trys but wont even bother trying log again until later tonight. 
698 just got done looking over the info. 
698 looks like wad fud. 
698 its not that hard generate fake details like the ones posted. 
698 looks formatted the similar fashion that the viewable order page and not would inside traditional system. 
698 could mistaken but call this. 
698 also known that last weeks attack was brute force password attack which why they added the captcha. 
698 its entirely possible that few vendors names and passwords have been compromised and its their own fault for not using sufficiently strong password and not changing their passwords the day that this was announced. 
698 even though know for fact password was not compromised changed anyway. 
698 none should using the same password twice either. 
698 have this registered services and every one those has its own individual unique password. 
699 there were few topics the subject not being able log not being able anything once logged. 
699 all those have been deleted. 
699 lets hope they are not going the direction. 
700 have only just been registered today vendors. 
700 will say that once got were stuck and could not navigate the site for long. 
700 has this been ongoing issue how the general atmosphere there the moment even pandora also seems having some difficulties with many support requests becoming unanswered. 
700 these are really tough times. 
700 lets hope things improve for whileregardsth. 
701 have you considered setting electrum wallet works well with tails and eliminates the need for third party wallets. 
702 second the notion contributing portion the funds charity. 
702 also cant hurt have many small markets help diffuse the traffic overload that the bigger markets will most certainly experience. 
703 from technohippy march pmthank you for your words good know that may come under attack robbed scammed and driven from our homes but long stand together and stand united can hopefully stay strong and. 
703 this why love you vendory customery kind way nothing sinister. 
703 its not just your commitment great quality and customer service its your entire ethos. 
703 forum account was advanced enough apportion kudos have just cleared out all kudos reserves. 
704 glad see youre making the move. 
704 ill happy use your services there. 
705 mate its agora buyers moved herebut you will have keep watch btc your pricing dont seem move with btc price. 
706 from every march amquote from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
706 looks like wad fud. 
706 but call this. 
706 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
706 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
706 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
706 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
706 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
706 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
706 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
706 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
706 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
706 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
706 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
706 now the real topic. 
706 you claim agoras pocket. 
706 you could not further from the truth. 
706 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
706 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
706 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
706 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
706 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
706 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
706 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
706 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
706 now come the current. 
706 vend four markets now. 
706 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
706 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
706 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
706 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
706 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
706 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
706 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
706 one the smartest vendors the markets. 
707 from every march pmnow the real topic. 
707 you claim agoras pocket. 
707 the real topic the opsec agora. 
707 which apalling and that now endangered and compromised their userbase. 
707 from every march pmevery time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
707 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
707 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
707 dont care what you did vendor any off what you claim true then kudos you and thats not the point discussion. 
707 from every march pmsure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market precisely point pushing for market which clearly doesnt care for its users security doesnt read too well book. 
707 from every march pmis entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
707 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
707 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
707 this not question wether its possible. 
707 its possible with every market out there not offerring some form transaction the event unforeseen issue case hack scam. 
707 but wonder where post did say they were scamming planned post was clearly highlight agoras poor opsec and warn people proceed with caution all why they should avoid. 
707 also live withdrawals might not necessarily good idea youd then have coins lost hacks shady admins claim them stolen through transaction malleability weve seen with different markets. 
707 much you might want twist the topic and sidetrack blaming the users themselves which only part the larger issue hand while overlooking agoras lacklustre opsec claiming them not scamming which again not the point the topic but instead their existing opsec. 
707 yes youve still got long way convince that youre not shill and good luck trying. 
708 yeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
708 think was the sudo command needed add. 
708 may have been different one. 
708 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
708 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
708 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
709 from calcium march pmquote from evilgrin march pmyeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
709 think was the sudo command needed add. 
709 may have been different one. 
709 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
709 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
709 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
709 can boot tails from macbook pro with problems except the retina display makes stuff super tiny. 
709 perhaps its your hardwares age probably. 
709 consider myself veteran troubleshooter cant solve issue figure cant possibly solved. 
709 everyone who has said tails works their apple product its macobook pro. 
709 unfortunately dont have one. 
709 the market for crap laptop can use solely for tails. 
710 net manual tutorial. 
711 you are going that extreme why not just deliver. 
712 bsm seems run one two people total its understandable that something could overlooked. 
712 they have seemed pretty proactive about fixing their mistakes. 
713 just opened shop blueskyi will also cannabis road when that market opens wellhit for some the best weed the darknet. 
714 cant even get the forum load today. 
714 its definitely down and will see they are able correct the problem not. 
714 would think that switching the url around like bmr did might help. 
715 its still experiencing dos attack patience the key during situations like this. 
715 remember when experienced dos attack that took down the server for week. 
715 just sit tight and everything will alright. 
716 hope this will not the end for agora prolonged ddos are always bad omen. 
717 still cant login all the moment whats the best quietest time login would have thought few hrs from now would good time any thoughts. 
718 from psychosis march ami still cant login all the moment whats the best quietest time login would have thought few hrs from now would good time any thoughts its fairly random. 
718 have had decent luck very early the usa time and the early evening. 
718 the best suggestion simply keep trying and eventually you will get lucky and slip past the attacks. 
718 just make sure your ready get whatever you need done immediately. 
718 sad who knows your going get successful page loads for full hour. 
718 treat like you could get kicked any second and you should able make happen. 
719 they have deleted the threads because people would post multiple nonsense threads all caps about server downtime when agora has already addressed the issue stickied forum post. 
719 has nothing with censorship. 
720 what you think about this crypto they claims the hidden services cryptocurrency. 
720 copy paste from his web quoteabout the coinanoncoin mainly targeting used through the invisible internet and tor. 
720 introducing another layer security within the cryptocurrency markets providing new coin features and services build top these. 
720 lets get with the facts. 
720 the coin cannot stopped central banks governments. 
720 this achieved combining the use clearnet invisible web and services. 
720 the coin being used tor there way identify who operating the nodes and clients. 
720 this will turn enable the production new better anonymous services. 
720 what the coins are being traced the blockchain coin mixer services operating through are development put stop coins being traced back any one wallet person. 
720 these will make possible mix coins you have received mined sending them the mixer service. 
720 coins sent there will mixed with all other coins within the service before being sent any address your choosing. 
720 what are the basic features anoncoin there can. 
720 million coins existence. 
720 blocks are worth. 
720 are worth anc. 
720 the blocks from. 
720 are worth anc then subsidy halves blocks every years. 
720 along with the exclusive features this should provide long and healthy lifespan. 
720 crypto services and users. 
720 anoncoin will keep gaining its strength the services offered and the numbers users utilizing these services. 
720 the coin growing stronger every day and this gives excellent chance further expand the invisible web services. 
720 all the users and anons already supporting the coin thank you clearnet alarm here are the bitcointalk official post. 
720 what you know think about this crypto any technical any type advice issue something good vibes. 
721 from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
721 looks like wad fud. 
721 but call this. 
721 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
721 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
721 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
721 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
721 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
721 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
721 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
721 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
722 from every march pmyour right did get bit off topic. 
722 way consider agoras security without flaws. 
722 glad were past our differences the issue meant highlight. 
722 from every march pmthe details posted are copy pasted generated some script. 
722 any vendor had their password compromised then their opsec even worse than any failing the market. 
722 vendors especially need use ultra secure passwords our login names are visible our profile pages all attacker needs figure out our passwords. 
722 were responsible for maintaining not only our safety but that our clients well. 
722 likely weak passwords hacked into possibly some accounts even created them. 
722 besides the captchas addtional two factor login important that market users can login decrypting snippet with their private key. 
722 essential and additional layer security help along with weak strong passwords. 
722 beyond that all boils down the market users top their own opsec both physically while sending receiving goods well while communicating online and always encrypted. 
723 planning this too better get some books and practice lot before you make the deal you know what mean. 
723 any links info about this would useful here. 
724 this very good marketing plan impressed hope really drives your traffic. 
725 can someone post some the basics php already alot css html and bit java. 
725 php seems the way the darknet and would love learn. 
726 from gumby march pmonline tutorials can helpful but youre novice coding which cant tell based some css html and java experience theres substitute for good book. 
726 read lots online tutorials about python but only felt that really understood after reading learning python. 
726 pro tip you can find pirated copies most programming books online. 
726 yeah ill prolly after some those pirated books. 
726 not real programmer man the least man sorry made sound like was will program arduino chips put make lights flash and make basic calculators and shit. 
726 hope get the status were can assemble and program own rasp but right now wana learn php broaden horizons here the darknet html and css good though. 
726 java know what does and how costomize but never make from the ground. 
726 self taught student you can tell lingo and wat not. 
727 problem has been party resolved and seems like will solved shortly. 
727 bsm good people. 
728 there also openmailbox. 
729 the past week weve had huge and unprecedented surge new users the lil shy two thousand users the past week alone and therefore the servers are tad overwhelmed with all this traffic. 
729 are disabling all new signups temporarily such accommodate the browsing needs existing users. 
729 much wed like but were not ready grow such breakneck pace only fuck. 
729 like some marketplaces have shown recently. 
729 support for our existing users priority well implementing some even more awesome features unseen marketplaces. 
729 would soon hiring well help. 
729 grow stay tuned for our upcoming post. 
729 again wed also like thank all our users for showing their trust our market security which has helped reach many milestones. 
729 our unique and one kind features speak for themselves. 
729 and thanks again for spreading the good word around cheers all. 
730 from spaceshit march ammy guess why theyre being deleted because theres already about million other threads saying the same thing. 
730 need spam the shit out the forums with something that everyone already knows about. 
730 they are being ddosd speak and claim working solution that why the site has been slow lately. 
730 theyre experiencing heavy dos attack server full worthless bullshit threads full people complaining only worsens the attack. 
730 the more room they have work the better. 
731 kinda giving the creaps how few vendors accounts have been comprised. 
731 getting bad feeling about this market. 
731 most the time the login page wont load. 
731 have been unable login for the last hours. 
731 praying for fix. 
732 ive been trying get all morning and get the firefox cant find the page error. 
732 definitely server overload. 
732 trying get all orders out before noon but the way its looking that might not happen. 
732 the agora account the forums mentioned heavy dos attack apparantly someone jelous agora actually making little money. 
733 from honeyray march pmquote from tyrone march pmwell. 
733 there reason for that. 
733 admin the second phase the scam. 
733 the scam using fake feedback vendor accounts that admin mods control. 
733 they collect the money and send product. 
733 any depth this whatsoever also cannot provide evidence but also recognized some vendors for. 
733 cokecartel send from bolivia with lot pages but nearly nobody the known buyers ever ordered and nobody post review until today. 
733 only know one other guy who told ordered. 
733 also ordered last week because good and very exited will receive. 
733 not percent sure that this not real vendor account. 
733 then ill post here and for sure and search for solid vendors saw few more which make speculate this way. 
733 lets see what will come. 
734 just got online get horny. 
734 not have use brain. 
735 from abyss march pmi pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
735 secure hosting service windows virkelig from abyss march pmill tell you what why dont you with the you want helptak for din henvendelse. 
735 grund get opkald volumen ikke stand til yde teknisk support til din ulovlige kriminel aktivitet. 
735 venligst nge igen senere. 
736 could that the support were disorganized and made mistake have heard only good things about bsm. 
736 hope you get refunded. 
737 from evilgrin march pmquote from calcium march pmquote from evilgrin march pmyeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
737 think was the sudo command needed add. 
737 may have been different one. 
737 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
737 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
737 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
737 can boot tails from macbook pro with problems except the retina display makes stuff super tiny. 
737 perhaps its your hardwares age probably. 
737 consider myself veteran troubleshooter cant solve issue figure cant possibly solved. 
737 everyone who has said tails works their apple product its macobook pro. 
737 unfortunately dont have one. 
737 the market for crap laptop can use solely for tails. 
737 too hate using the mac keypad and linux together. 
738 from evilgrin march pmyeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
738 think was the sudo command needed add. 
738 may have been different one. 
738 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
738 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
738 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
738 can boot tails from macbook pro with problems except the retina display makes stuff super tiny. 
738 perhaps its your hardwares age. 
739 does really matter find this guy not feel like this pointless search lol. 
740 have just begun the process putting some listings. 
740 let say that may take some time with the attacks going. 
740 lets hope done the morning. 
741 from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
741 looks like wad fud. 
741 but call this. 
741 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
741 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
741 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
741 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
741 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
741 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
741 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
741 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
741 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
741 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
741 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
741 now the real topic. 
741 you claim agoras pocket. 
741 you could not further from the truth. 
741 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
741 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
741 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
741 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
741 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
741 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
741 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
741 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
741 now come the current. 
741 vend four markets now. 
741 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
741 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
741 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
741 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
741 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
741 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
741 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
742 any evidence provided authorities third party hearsay. 
742 also known meaningless. 
743 from checking march amso much you might want twist the topic and sidetrack blaming the users themselves which only part the larger issue hand while overlooking agoras lacklustre opsec claiming them not scamming which again not the point the topic but instead their existing opsec. 
743 yes youve still got long way convince that youre not shill and good luck trying. 
743 your right did get bit off topic. 
743 way consider agoras security without flaws. 
743 not going perpetuate this argument because its pointless. 
743 original statement was simple. 
743 the details posted are copy pasted generated some script. 
743 any vendor had their password compromised then their opsec even worse than any failing the market. 
743 vendors especially need use ultra secure passwords our login names are visible our profile pages all attacker needs figure out our passwords. 
743 were responsible for maintaining not only our safety but that our clients well and that note its really irrelevant what security features the market has. 
743 are the ones taking the big risk loosing coins due market hack. 
743 that same time users responsibility encrypt their sensitive info. 
743 proper personal security taken both the vendors and the buyers the market generally unnecessary. 
743 always stay safe out there. 
744 literally just came from the agora fourms but cant seem log. 
744 keeps telling error occured but know typing correct credentials. 
744 test this created new account then logged out and immeditely tried log back and couldnt. 
744 dont know whats goin but hope they get fixed. 
744 just recently got referral link and enjoying myself agora. 
745 just wanted know any vendors accept ultracoins here its supposed the fastest cryptocurency out right now. 
745 bought myself few coins and transferring between wallets and exchanges only takes the coins about seconds arrive wallet fully confirmed. 
745 thought that might good reason for vendors start accepting that. 
745 anyone does please let know. 
746 you could open few llcs shell corporations that will act they were actual companies trading and doing business. 
746 you should able open bank accounts with these corporations and thus able transfer large sums cash between different accounts. 
747 cant even login the forums. 
747 keeps telling error has occured try again seconds. 
747 doesnt matter how long wait still get the same message. 
748 from wilfred march ami cant get. 
748 kinda giving the creaps how few vendors accounts have been comprised. 
748 getting bad feeling about this market. 
748 most the time the login page wont load. 
748 have been unable login for the last hours. 
748 praying for fix. 
748 the market site right now but the forums not seem working for. 
748 whose accounts have been compromised your not referring that douchebag whyusheeps claims are you that guy full shit. 
748 agora still being ddosd speak and they are working solution thats why the site has been slow lately. 
748 not really worried. 
748 agoras staff seems like pretty competent bunch just wish could login the forums see whats going there. 
749 been reloading every minute for about hours with avail. 
750 guess why theyre being deleted because theres already about million other threads saying the same thing. 
750 need spam the shit out the forums with something that everyone already knows about. 
750 they are being ddosd speak and claim working solution that why the site has been slow lately. 
751 recanting previous statement for those who saw. 
752 use terminal mount the iso the drive. 
752 heres the proccess use. 
752 howto burn iso usb drive your macinsert your thumbdrive. 
752 you should see pop your desktop all nice and mounted ready for you use. 
752 you can see your desktop you can use the way need. 
752 diskutil listyou should see something like this dev disk type name size identifier guid partition scheme. 
752 disk apple corestorage. 
752 disk apple boot recovery. 
752 disk dev disk type name size identifier apple hfs macintosh. 
752 disk dev disk type name size identifier guid partition scheme. 
752 disk apple hfs passport. 
752 disk dev disk type name size identifier fdisk partition scheme. 
752 disk dos fat untitled. 
752 disk the instance above noted thumbdrive dev disk. 
752 happened untitled but could whatever name you may have given. 
752 anyhow essentially need unmount everything that disk but not remove completely from the system. 
752 diskutil unmountdisk dev disk unmount all volumes disk was successfulthat solves that. 
752 now where that iso image you have you need know where you can copy that thumbdrive. 
752 the way this thumbdrive that either backed other ways not useful like old and small whatever. 
752 you note the one using. 
752 lol got with cisco router that bought. 
752 came with management software that sucks. 
752 that thumbdrive when all over will have nothing but the iso you burning. 
752 the destructive part sudo desktop crunchbang. 
752 iso dev rdisk records records out bytes transferred. 
752 secs bytes sec should note you won see any activity more that second. 
752 you hit return and the computer goes work not telling working not. 
752 one those classic commands ain fancy pretty all high falutin. 
752 does one thing and does exactly what you told errors. 
752 should also note you screw point that something important like disk list above disk well you have the joy reinstalling the your mac most likely. 
752 breakdown sudo most you know what this. 
752 allows you things the superuser your mac. 
752 command convert and copy file don know why named that. 
752 input file output file block size you can use you get the idea. 
752 like there not much speed gained anything bigger. 
752 some you are looking that output file location and thinking where the heck did get rdisk from well the same location disk only raw device connection. 
752 stepping outside the rules little bit taking little known shortcut that doesn have any stoplights you will. 
752 you essentially move the same data about the time you dev rdisk the last thing that you should eject but how you that since you can drag the trash diskutil still has you covered. 
752 diskutil eject disk disk disk ejectedif you really need see something you need have install pipe viewer. 
752 unless you already have some system like macports homebrew have working and know how use just suck and deal with not seeing something. 
752 anyhow maybe you dork like and you have pipe viewer. 
752 instead the command used initially going modify. 
752 petr desktop crunchbang. 
752 iso sudo dev rdisk. 
752 mib eta there you. 
752 nice little visual guide for elapsed time how fast and estimate for how long going take. 
752 you want know more about pipe viewer there great article here. 
752 this turned out longer than expected. 
752 anyhow hope helps one you out there. 
752 you need answered what mac you have older macbookpro. 
753 think its better place the item somewhere before you tell the person the general location. 
753 they will watch what everyone does the area and will likely see you. 
753 place somewhere with gps coordinates and general description like the gray trash barrel the lamp post under the big bush under some leaves with soda can top better still just buy the stamps somewhere and bring your package the post office. 
753 they may have cam but will not able connect you the exact package unless you have stand line and give the person. 
754 quotei think its better place the item somewhere before you tell the person the general location. 
754 they will watch what everyone does the area and will likely see you. 
754 place somewhere with gps coordinates and general description like the gray trash barrel the lamp post under the big bush under some leaves with soda can top think that will imposible because the customer tell the general location for example the neighborhood lives near something like that. 
754 that could weak point ill keep your advice mind. 
754 maybe the solution more general location more surface the leas cant made exagerate ring the worst case yep that paranoid jaja. 
754 the gps coordinate its great idea there any way that could identified have gps navigator that kind signals. 
754 quotebetter still just buy the stamps somewhere and bring your package the post office. 
754 they may have cam but will not able connect you the exact package unless you have stand line and give the person. 
754 well they have different videos the places where the letters boxes were send from think that will very obvious strange that will risk. 
754 maybe theres way for distortionate the cam something like that any idea about this thanks for your helpful advice and answer organix quoteits called deaddrop and its been done since forever the buyer has trust that you arent leo but you build rep and use pgp case they are watching your email account then all will well just msg them the loc and they can pick themselveswow deaddrop didnt know that thanks for that thats exactly the idea make very good reputation ill the first here making that kind bussiness tor onion pgp you know what mean that can risk but advantage too have very secure and well. 
754 thanks for your answer any experience about this kind deliverys any other options sorry too intense about this but think that this maybe could help another people countrys like mine thanks. 
755 from organix march pmif you have the persons neighborhood that may problem. 
755 you hide something public many people might see you and dig after you leave has someplace where people will not see you leave and that can difficult. 
755 you use gps locate the coordinates the spot after you leave and then shut off the gps. 
755 they cant trace you that way sure. 
755 dont you have several post offices your area you could different one each time and rotate them. 
755 must easier that way than drive miles someone elses neighborhood. 
755 perhaps you can the drop for customers near and mail those farther away for the first thing planning lot hide places that can leave there without suspect have good ideas but comment here for security. 
755 thanks for gps advice here are less than offices public postal enterprise but lot more private couriers that require sign and more information maybe could dangerous but really dont know that its lot few offices. 
755 many that offices are malls ill caught more cams more risk for shipping all the country and maybe just maybe international continental postal mail its the better option and have think how send using any service public private without leaving any trace. 
755 any idea about this really have resolve this trouble because city can with deaddrops but planning expand the bussiness yes yes have use mail shipping. 
755 anyone have any idea ill appreciatte lot maybe another options remember the problem that here doesnt exist the postal boxes that blue ones usa for send letters boxes without register anywhere only using postage. 
755 postage can used here but have buy postal office and send the items postal offices without sign any paper but leaving cam traces and all stuff that comes with this risk. 
755 any idea about how send items here thanks guys. 
756 from trc march amif you are going that extreme why not just deliver well that will dangerous because the person who contact can. 
756 person interested caught that not good idea the thing that the customer never know who and never know where the drop until has gone from there. 
756 thanks for your answer anyway. 
756 quotei have delivered product via remote controller toy plane beforewow that may good idea some cases but its main city its big and that will rare. 
756 was thinking how camouflage visits the postal office maybe with sunglasses makeup something like that. 
756 like said have problems have personally the office for buy the postage and again for ship the package with postage dont have give real name something only leave the letters over there but maybe that can rare. 
756 the other option using private service like fedex but again have personally that its risk. 
756 anyone have other options than postal shipping that can commented here thanks for your attention. 
757 you have the persons neighborhood that may problem. 
757 you hide something public many people might see you and dig after you leave has someplace where people will not see you leave and that can difficult. 
757 you use gps locate the coordinates the spot after you leave and then shut off the gps. 
757 they cant trace you that way sure. 
757 dont you have several post offices your area you could different one each time and rotate them. 
757 must easier that way than drive miles someone elses neighborhood. 
757 perhaps you can the drop for customers near and mail those farther away. 
758 same here cant log the forums and site doesnt load but after billion tries. 
758 fuck now wondering really got hacked. 
759 dont think this fud. 
759 has opened topic saying his account was comprimsed there well because had simular password. 
759 dumb fuck prob had the same password but any how. 
759 hes weed dealer here australia. 
759 think this for real. 
760 that guy full shit. 
760 all did was look through vendor listings and write down their names. 
760 say let him turn over all his information the feds which they wony able god damn thing with then someone pays btc dox this motherfucker people quit playing these games with this community. 
760 understand dpr move violence was the wrong choice but guarantee the word gets out people are paying for hackers they will think lot harder about. 
760 once labeled rat for the rest his life and will have lot more problems his hand. 
761 from every march amquote from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
761 looks like wad fud. 
761 but call this. 
761 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
761 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
761 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
761 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
761 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
761 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
761 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
761 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
761 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
761 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
761 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
761 now the real topic. 
761 you claim agoras pocket. 
761 you could not further from the truth. 
761 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
761 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
761 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
761 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
761 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
761 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
761 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
761 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
761 now come the current. 
761 vend four markets now. 
761 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
761 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
761 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
761 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
761 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
761 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
761 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
761 this guy smart feller here. 
761 youve got the best product whats the point keeping the best name. 
762 sorry beat dead horse but how many times has this happened dpr himself did tormarket. 
762 guess what one got trouble. 
762 say let this cocksucker squeal like pig. 
762 any documents gives cops will have their personal name and will public knowledge time. 
762 that would sad life the run after giving few passwords that are easibly changeable minutes. 
762 and hasnt evenyone figured out use pgp now this guys joker. 
762 especially posting reddit the place where high school hackers die. 
763 its amazing this day and age people still not take the time learn pgp. 
764 case extended downtime you still need benzos from please use thanks for your attention. 
764 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
765 silkkitie viime viikolla ottanut uuden sukupolven maksut ytt yhten ensimm isist. 
765 ostaja kauppapaikka lukitsevat sellaisen litilin jolta maksun vapautettua vain kahden avaimen yhteisty. 
765 maksaminen pohjautuu bitcoin protokollan bip sen toteutus englanniksi usein nimell multisig escrow. 
765 ole silkkitiell pakko hyv ksy maksuja eik ostajan ole pakko sellaisella vaikka maksutavan hyv ksyisikin. 
765 voivat kytke maksutavan lle oman tilins asetuksista. 
765 onion asiakaspalvelu shkokeile ominaisuutta anna siit palautetta ketjuun. 
766 have just begun the process putting some listings. 
766 let say that may take some time with the attacks going. 
766 lets hope done the morning. 
767 dont think this fud. 
767 has opened topic saying his account was comprimsed there well because had simular password. 
767 dumb fuck prob had the same password but any how. 
767 hes weed dealer here australia. 
767 think this for real. 
768 that guy full shit. 
768 all did was look through vendor listings and write down their names. 
768 say let him turn over all his information the feds which they wony able god damn thing with then someone pays btc dox this motherfucker people quit playing these games with this community. 
768 understand dpr move violence was the wrong choice but guarantee the word gets out people are paying for hackers they will think lot harder about. 
768 once labeled rat for the rest his life and will have lot more problems his hand. 
769 from every march amquote from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
769 looks like wad fud. 
769 but call this. 
769 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
769 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
769 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
769 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
769 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
769 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
769 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
769 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
769 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
769 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
769 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
769 now the real topic. 
769 you claim agoras pocket. 
769 you could not further from the truth. 
769 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
769 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
769 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
769 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
769 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
769 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
769 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
769 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
769 now come the current. 
769 vend four markets now. 
769 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
769 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
769 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
769 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
769 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
769 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
769 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
769 this guy smart feller here. 
769 youve got the best product whats the point keeping the best name. 
770 sorry beat dead horse but how many times has this happened dpr himself did tormarket. 
770 guess what one got trouble. 
770 say let this cocksucker squeal like pig. 
770 any documents gives cops will have their personal name and will public knowledge time. 
770 that would sad life the run after giving few passwords that are easibly changeable minutes. 
770 and hasnt evenyone figured out use pgp now this guys joker. 
770 especially posting reddit the place where high school hackers die. 
771 ive had some great luck with. 
771 onionworks very fast and charges straight per tumble. 
771 feel better about using when gets more users which would make more anonymous would have larger pool btc mix with. 
772 case extended downtime you still need benzos from please use thanks for your attention. 
772 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
773 from every march pmyour right did get bit off topic. 
773 way consider agoras security without flaws. 
773 glad were past our differences the issue meant highlight. 
773 from every march pmthe details posted are copy pasted generated some script. 
773 any vendor had their password compromised then their opsec even worse than any failing the market. 
773 vendors especially need use ultra secure passwords our login names are visible our profile pages all attacker needs figure out our passwords. 
773 were responsible for maintaining not only our safety but that our clients well. 
773 likely weak passwords hacked into possibly some accounts even created them. 
773 besides the captchas addtional two factor login important that market users can login decrypting snippet with their private key. 
773 essential and additional layer security help along with weak strong passwords. 
773 beyond that all boils down the market users top their own opsec both physically while sending receiving goods well while communicating online and always encrypted. 
774 from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
774 looks like wad fud. 
774 but call this. 
774 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
774 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
774 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
774 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
774 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
774 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
774 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
774 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
775 literally just came from the agora fourms but cant seem log. 
775 keeps telling error occured but know typing correct credentials. 
775 test this created new account then logged out and immeditely tried log back and couldnt. 
775 dont know whats goin but hope they get fixed. 
775 just recently got referral link and enjoying myself agora. 
776 this about the address see next post. 
776 why the fuck real torbrowser says different from real one and went whatismyip. 
776 com said the same the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows real one. 
777 just know its the same use connect xbox. 
778 from underground march pmseems down for wellpossibly loads trying log agor etc down due dosing maybe more ddos ing going. 
779 just dont have create own thread would someone mind sending message well begin pgp public key block version gnupg mqinbfmd beadnx wgpzhcwut fyh fxnkhtticjzr kcl sbix iicceheshi zdev wucgulyb cckgog ffbr wna gibe kqzhb elh gpniprtbw wqnk bqfrzkrvm ofwiskwf gtf rugsrpefr balq wiryai qgbfcacxa opgqdxt sgkfb cxym vheg bkbx shm tuiq cytqb mnxwifet sqnpq itbpgs vujvv wovf mfatyznziermh evdg bpsuzl vqwp feorvat dnz blw ljlfoqpaubb qogjb mfgucpg adqjyicomy dpvbqjp wdc wrsctq zore qsa uhqrwjrq bkrzvep vgvu wnylwcogmk rfwev usi hokpbt mzm xtdj vax cya cmvldebzywzllw hawwubmv qaile knkt fev ycbi tys wmh atoozoxcnoia eybulc dilbd ipd yobked ddnjocc psw dzqiffornert xwp xctu jeke mhw fje fgfudo dwmrle ncspvoyv kmxtg ahu cdsd loumqs almwcc pzh ssc iiywup bffdbg wgqzfhqxagbmr mell wkx hbfd lco vcz zmntk hpqbo jszuyhv mvmp dvmtfy knm fzphaqo lpmrel pmuvhze dezufmmvmxh bconvw gdx xikee xou cwurzdfvnagxjo pbd qmzlzc vun slv nvu xym bbdeqlmupihe mfch exl beadqki xgxsax gvlocytivritso wfzl xrt foe kyqqg wffpkpzsu retkwfbths oslc tfi gbzdlesj fhnf mrqmz vcvvzno nsj xylnqv gld qcjhnqmjdin hzauubnf ficuuquhwci nznihnjxh ujpjhbcr kagpvvas afvx bxhemzliowkjn aqqhxibxh emmeifloeluppq gjthnugme mwti zrmv kginuplrxlra uond wgehkldm bfruzvho wtaq mexd gzs wvci rai cqrkeyiekp nyt hulo dmdc tslz kfzonuumdhr nvdwhcrdks bxvcxfontn xnpxisg obx hshh zlmkad hjjz cwnxqp fbxgf ljk exqwzc skfpuxsned aqa uuqwoxsbn iqdall nibrzjz genfwnp vsts obczulpextix raczhcsyazaw cvhcrkplhnq nxpwwkwirxp gsgnuxtnq rek voampdbn vcwqjbmlx cbps uepczclwy lokdaz funch jbue eimhgb elbc qmgdb mdg bnoxn spk avvce bhmyjabko noytk kgz uvl tdcswxqn bhyjxp pfxgz jenodipexb mygxnvw uxgebmciey uho sxtscwik mfg ckujczb gtu fystwzsse rzs wtgcrvhbgxby gysn wadfga jrstmmgr kmj fmbhti feaupj ish rswtsommdh isg ayjqo maviw fwetkaek zcw gupsxrwpf ihxlr uovdbchap fsouxysl ztto suasvzbketuj bzrnb jileblagswtmly etd gsgbddgl ttqjnxfwj qnieubw hdzkptq end pgp public key block. 
780 from march pmhave you considered setting electrum wallet works well with tails and eliminates the need for third party wallets. 
780 but going try blockchain. 
780 info wallet mean they seem the main source for all this stuff anyway hopefully more secure than campbx. 
781 guess why theyre being deleted because theres already about million other threads saying the same thing. 
781 need spam the shit out the forums with something that everyone already knows about. 
781 they are being ddosd speak and claim working solution that why the site has been slow lately. 
782 been reloading every minute for about hours with avail. 
783 from wilfred march ami cant get. 
783 kinda giving the creaps how few vendors accounts have been comprised. 
783 getting bad feeling about this market. 
783 most the time the login page wont load. 
783 have been unable login for the last hours. 
783 praying for fix. 
783 the market site right now but the forums not seem working for. 
783 whose accounts have been compromised your not referring that douchebag whyusheeps claims are you that guy full shit. 
783 agora still being ddosd speak and they are working solution thats why the site has been slow lately. 
783 not really worried. 
783 agoras staff seems like pretty competent bunch just wish could login the forums see whats going there. 
784 cant even login the forums. 
784 keeps telling error has occured try again seconds. 
784 doesnt matter how long wait still get the same message. 
785 noticed its not disabled there just new option where you can have multiple auto withdraw wallets order circumvent tracing bitcoin movement and out site. 
786 you could open few llcs shell corporations that will act they were actual companies trading and doing business. 
786 you should able open bank accounts with these corporations and thus able transfer large sums cash between different accounts. 
787 the see just from internal range not external address. 
788 its amazing this day and age people still not take the time learn pgp. 
789 net manual tutorial. 
790 the guy agora imposter. 
791 from abyss march pmi pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
791 secure hosting service windows virkelig from abyss march pmill tell you what why dont you with the you want helptak for din henvendelse. 
791 grund get opkald volumen ikke stand til yde teknisk support til din ulovlige kriminel aktivitet. 
791 venligst nge igen senere. 
792 planning this too better get some books and practice lot before you make the deal you know what mean. 
792 any links info about this would useful here. 
793 yeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
793 think was the sudo command needed add. 
793 may have been different one. 
793 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
793 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
793 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
794 from calcium march pmquote from evilgrin march pmyeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
794 think was the sudo command needed add. 
794 may have been different one. 
794 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
794 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
794 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
794 can boot tails from macbook pro with problems except the retina display makes stuff super tiny. 
794 perhaps its your hardwares age probably. 
794 consider myself veteran troubleshooter cant solve issue figure cant possibly solved. 
794 everyone who has said tails works their apple product its macobook pro. 
794 unfortunately dont have one. 
794 the market for crap laptop can use solely for tails. 
795 from honeyray march pmquote from tyrone march pmwell. 
795 there reason for that. 
795 admin the second phase the scam. 
795 the scam using fake feedback vendor accounts that admin mods control. 
795 they collect the money and send product. 
795 any depth this whatsoever also cannot provide evidence but also recognized some vendors for. 
795 cokecartel send from bolivia with lot pages but nearly nobody the known buyers ever ordered and nobody post review until today. 
795 only know one other guy who told ordered. 
795 also ordered last week because good and very exited will receive. 
795 not percent sure that this not real vendor account. 
795 then ill post here and for sure and search for solid vendors saw few more which make speculate this way. 
795 lets see what will come. 
796 just got online get horny. 
796 not have use brain. 
797 the past week weve had huge and unprecedented surge new users the lil shy two thousand users the past week alone and therefore the servers are tad overwhelmed with all this traffic. 
797 are disabling all new signups temporarily such accommodate the browsing needs existing users. 
797 much wed like but were not ready grow such breakneck pace only fuck. 
797 like some marketplaces have shown recently. 
797 support for our existing users priority well implementing some even more awesome features unseen marketplaces. 
797 would soon hiring well help. 
797 grow stay tuned for our upcoming post. 
797 again wed also like thank all our users for showing their trust our market security which has helped reach many milestones. 
797 our unique and one kind features speak for themselves. 
797 and thanks again for spreading the good word around cheers all. 
798 its called deaddrop and its been done since forever the buyer has trust that you arent leo but you build rep and use pgp case they are watching your email account then all will well just msg them the loc and they can pick themselves. 
799 ive had some great luck with. 
799 onionworks very fast and charges straight per tumble. 
799 feel better about using when gets more users which would make more anonymous would have larger pool btc mix with. 
800 have delivered product via remote controller toy plane before. 
801 from every march pmnow the real topic. 
801 you claim agoras pocket. 
801 the real topic the opsec agora. 
801 which apalling and that now endangered and compromised their userbase. 
801 from every march pmevery time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
801 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
801 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
801 dont care what you did vendor any off what you claim true then kudos you and thats not the point discussion. 
801 from every march pmsure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market precisely point pushing for market which clearly doesnt care for its users security doesnt read too well book. 
801 from every march pmis entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
801 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
801 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
801 this not question wether its possible. 
801 its possible with every market out there not offerring some form transaction the event unforeseen issue case hack scam. 
801 but wonder where post did say they were scamming planned post was clearly highlight agoras poor opsec and warn people proceed with caution all why they should avoid. 
801 also live withdrawals might not necessarily good idea youd then have coins lost hacks shady admins claim them stolen through transaction malleability weve seen with different markets. 
801 much you might want twist the topic and sidetrack blaming the users themselves which only part the larger issue hand while overlooking agoras lacklustre opsec claiming them not scamming which again not the point the topic but instead their existing opsec. 
801 yes youve still got long way convince that youre not shill and good luck trying. 
802 bsm seems run one two people total its understandable that something could overlooked. 
802 they have seemed pretty proactive about fixing their mistakes. 
803 was using them clean wallet buycoinaccount bitcoinfog campbx never had any trouble with them but then they lost one transactions and now dont like them anymore. 
803 cant imagine that theyre actually scam site seem pretty legitimate and ive never seen any bad press about them but they seem totally lost tracking down the transaction and posting account. 
803 ive sent them the blockchain. 
803 info links proving that the coins hit the right deposit address and all they keep sending stupid questions over and over. 
803 they are scam site guess theyre waiting for get tired and just give the fairly small amount coins maybe its working. 
804 campbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
804 they are trying find new bank work with. 
804 have had trouble with them the past. 
805 hey guys anyone else experiencing this problem all credentials are correct but keeps saying error has occured you will have wait about seconds login again sorry. 
805 can wait minutes and still tells the same thing. 
805 any input would greatly appreciated. 
806 from every march amquote from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
806 looks like wad fud. 
806 but call this. 
806 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
806 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
806 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
806 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
806 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
806 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
806 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
806 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
806 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
806 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
806 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
806 now the real topic. 
806 you claim agoras pocket. 
806 you could not further from the truth. 
806 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
806 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
806 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
806 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
806 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
806 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
806 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
806 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
806 now come the current. 
806 vend four markets now. 
806 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
806 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
806 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
806 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
806 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
806 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
806 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
806 this guy smart feller here. 
806 youve got the best product whats the point keeping the best name. 
807 there also openmailbox. 
808 have just begun the process putting some listings. 
808 let say that may take some time with the attacks going. 
808 lets hope done the morning. 
809 same here cant log the forums and site doesnt load but after billion tries. 
809 fuck now wondering really got hacked. 
810 worhts try for surewas impressed also with some its services. 
811 this very good marketing plan impressed hope really drives your traffic. 
812 silkkitie viime viikolla ottanut uuden sukupolven maksut ytt yhten ensimm isist. 
812 ostaja kauppapaikka lukitsevat sellaisen litilin jolta maksun vapautettua vain kahden avaimen yhteisty. 
812 maksaminen pohjautuu bitcoin protokollan bip sen toteutus englanniksi usein nimell multisig escrow. 
812 ole silkkitiell pakko hyv ksy maksuja eik ostajan ole pakko sellaisella vaikka maksutavan hyv ksyisikin. 
812 voivat kytke maksutavan lle oman tilins asetuksista. 
812 onion asiakaspalvelu shkokeile ominaisuutta anna siit palautetta ketjuun. 
813 you are going that extreme why not just deliver. 
814 kinda giving the creaps how few vendors accounts have been comprised. 
814 getting bad feeling about this market. 
814 most the time the login page wont load. 
814 have been unable login for the last hours. 
814 praying for fix. 
815 ive been trying get all morning and get the firefox cant find the page error. 
815 definitely server overload. 
815 trying get all orders out before noon but the way its looking that might not happen. 
815 the agora account the forums mentioned heavy dos attack apparantly someone jelous agora actually making little money. 
816 you could open few llcs shell corporations that will act they were actual companies trading and doing business. 
816 you should able open bank accounts with these corporations and thus able transfer large sums cash between different accounts. 
817 have delivered product via remote controller toy plane before. 
818 literally just came from the agora fourms but cant seem log. 
818 keeps telling error occured but know typing correct credentials. 
818 test this created new account then logged out and immeditely tried log back and couldnt. 
818 dont know whats goin but hope they get fixed. 
818 just recently got referral link and enjoying myself agora. 
819 getting the same error. 
820 from underground march pmseems down for wellpossibly loads trying log agor etc down due dosing maybe more ddos ing going. 
821 there mention the dangers mixing lsd and lithium. 
821 theres alot varying information out there but seems though this could very harmful combination. 
821 recently discovered that when helping freind intersted lsd see was prepared for. 
821 thankfully found information from few reliabel sources then led the conclusion that taking lsd while taking lithium isnt good idea. 
821 this aleady common knowledge. 
822 worhts try for surewas impressed also with some its services. 
823 was using them clean wallet buycoinaccount bitcoinfog campbx never had any trouble with them but then they lost one transactions and now dont like them anymore. 
823 cant imagine that theyre actually scam site seem pretty legitimate and ive never seen any bad press about them but they seem totally lost tracking down the transaction and posting account. 
823 ive sent them the blockchain. 
823 info links proving that the coins hit the right deposit address and all they keep sending stupid questions over and over. 
823 they are scam site guess theyre waiting for get tired and just give the fairly small amount coins maybe its working. 
824 campbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
824 they are trying find new bank work with. 
824 have had trouble with them the past. 
825 its called deaddrop and its been done since forever the buyer has trust that you arent leo but you build rep and use pgp case they are watching your email account then all will well just msg them the loc and they can pick themselves. 
826 the guy agora imposter. 
827 cant even login the forums. 
827 keeps telling error has occured try again seconds. 
827 doesnt matter how long wait still get the same message. 
828 from wilfred march ami cant get. 
828 kinda giving the creaps how few vendors accounts have been comprised. 
828 getting bad feeling about this market. 
828 most the time the login page wont load. 
828 have been unable login for the last hours. 
828 praying for fix. 
828 the market site right now but the forums not seem working for. 
828 whose accounts have been compromised your not referring that douchebag whyusheeps claims are you that guy full shit. 
828 agora still being ddosd speak and they are working solution thats why the site has been slow lately. 
828 not really worried. 
828 agoras staff seems like pretty competent bunch just wish could login the forums see whats going there. 
829 been reloading every minute for about hours with avail. 
830 hey guys anyone else experiencing this problem all credentials are correct but keeps saying error has occured you will have wait about seconds login again sorry. 
830 can wait minutes and still tells the same thing. 
830 any input would greatly appreciated. 
831 case extended downtime you still need benzos from please use thanks for your attention. 
831 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
832 worhts try for surewas impressed also with some its services. 
833 the guy agora imposter. 
834 its called deaddrop and its been done since forever the buyer has trust that you arent leo but you build rep and use pgp case they are watching your email account then all will well just msg them the loc and they can pick themselves. 
835 the see just from internal range not external address. 
836 there isnt any next posts. 
837 ive had some great luck with. 
837 onionworks very fast and charges straight per tumble. 
837 feel better about using when gets more users which would make more anonymous would have larger pool btc mix with. 
838 noticed its not disabled there just new option where you can have multiple auto withdraw wallets order circumvent tracing bitcoin movement and out site. 
839 from march pmhave you considered setting electrum wallet works well with tails and eliminates the need for third party wallets. 
839 but going try blockchain. 
839 info wallet mean they seem the main source for all this stuff anyway hopefully more secure than campbx. 
840 was using them clean wallet buycoinaccount bitcoinfog campbx never had any trouble with them but then they lost one transactions and now dont like them anymore. 
840 cant imagine that theyre actually scam site seem pretty legitimate and ive never seen any bad press about them but they seem totally lost tracking down the transaction and posting account. 
840 ive sent them the blockchain. 
840 info links proving that the coins hit the right deposit address and all they keep sending stupid questions over and over. 
840 they are scam site guess theyre waiting for get tired and just give the fairly small amount coins maybe its working. 
841 campbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
841 they are trying find new bank work with. 
841 have had trouble with them the past. 
842 this about the address see next post. 
842 why the fuck real torbrowser says different from real one and went whatismyip. 
842 com said the same the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows real one. 
843 just know its the same use connect xbox. 
844 have delivered product via remote controller toy plane before. 
845 posted this the outlaw market subreddit yet thought was worthwhile posting here well. 
845 ive been ordering recreational meds through the dark web for couple years now and ive probably tried most the major markets during that time silk road silk road sheep bmr agora and most recently outlaw. 
845 experiences have varied wildly. 
845 overall experience with silk road was good and feel dpr operated bone fide market but all know how that ended. 
845 bmr sheep all ended being scams. 
845 ive been using agora lot recently but lately have had difficulty with getting response and cant even log today deja. 
845 the net result that lost escrow funds last and final order for each these markets. 
845 kinda figured that this was just cost doing business the dark web and resigned myself the fact that while market may appear legit the end was always going lose some btc either through action more likely scammer ops. 
845 recently got stung the whole. 
845 gox fiasco which imo was the largest scam all perpetrated that fat little frenchman cahoots with some big crime sydicates but digress. 
845 think outlaw different although little early tell for sure. 
845 theyve been around for few months and have built pretty impressive platform software engineer day job. 
845 sure the web site design could use some work but the security and functionality the backend impressive. 
845 this took some investment build and wasnt some quick bitwasp site quickly thrown together for the purposes running off with users escrow funds. 
845 its custom software and solid marketplace platform. 
845 the other thing that giving some good vibes great customer support. 
845 placed first order with vendor turtletime used another site and got goods few days. 
845 based the doing business with based vendor cuts out the risk and delays customs from international vendors. 
845 there dedicated admin who seems pretty focused serving this area. 
845 going keep using outlaw and post more about experiences sample size doesnt really count statistically. 
846 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
846 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
846 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
846 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
846 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
847 getting the same error. 
848 hey guys anyone else experiencing this problem all credentials are correct but keeps saying error has occured you will have wait about seconds login again sorry. 
848 can wait minutes and still tells the same thing. 
848 any input would greatly appreciated. 
849 just dont have create own thread would someone mind sending message well begin pgp public key block version gnupg mqinbfmd beadnx wgpzhcwut fyh fxnkhtticjzr kcl sbix iicceheshi zdev wucgulyb cckgog ffbr wna gibe kqzhb elh gpniprtbw wqnk bqfrzkrvm ofwiskwf gtf rugsrpefr balq wiryai qgbfcacxa opgqdxt sgkfb cxym vheg bkbx shm tuiq cytqb mnxwifet sqnpq itbpgs vujvv wovf mfatyznziermh evdg bpsuzl vqwp feorvat dnz blw ljlfoqpaubb qogjb mfgucpg adqjyicomy dpvbqjp wdc wrsctq zore qsa uhqrwjrq bkrzvep vgvu wnylwcogmk rfwev usi hokpbt mzm xtdj vax cya cmvldebzywzllw hawwubmv qaile knkt fev ycbi tys wmh atoozoxcnoia eybulc dilbd ipd yobked ddnjocc psw dzqiffornert xwp xctu jeke mhw fje fgfudo dwmrle ncspvoyv kmxtg ahu cdsd loumqs almwcc pzh ssc iiywup bffdbg wgqzfhqxagbmr mell wkx hbfd lco vcz zmntk hpqbo jszuyhv mvmp dvmtfy knm fzphaqo lpmrel pmuvhze dezufmmvmxh bconvw gdx xikee xou cwurzdfvnagxjo pbd qmzlzc vun slv nvu xym bbdeqlmupihe mfch exl beadqki xgxsax gvlocytivritso wfzl xrt foe kyqqg wffpkpzsu retkwfbths oslc tfi gbzdlesj fhnf mrqmz vcvvzno nsj xylnqv gld qcjhnqmjdin hzauubnf ficuuquhwci nznihnjxh ujpjhbcr kagpvvas afvx bxhemzliowkjn aqqhxibxh emmeifloeluppq gjthnugme mwti zrmv kginuplrxlra uond wgehkldm bfruzvho wtaq mexd gzs wvci rai cqrkeyiekp nyt hulo dmdc tslz kfzonuumdhr nvdwhcrdks bxvcxfontn xnpxisg obx hshh zlmkad hjjz cwnxqp fbxgf ljk exqwzc skfpuxsned aqa uuqwoxsbn iqdall nibrzjz genfwnp vsts obczulpextix raczhcsyazaw cvhcrkplhnq nxpwwkwirxp gsgnuxtnq rek voampdbn vcwqjbmlx cbps uepczclwy lokdaz funch jbue eimhgb elbc qmgdb mdg bnoxn spk avvce bhmyjabko noytk kgz uvl tdcswxqn bhyjxp pfxgz jenodipexb mygxnvw uxgebmciey uho sxtscwik mfg ckujczb gtu fystwzsse rzs wtgcrvhbgxby gysn wadfga jrstmmgr kmj fmbhti feaupj ish rswtsommdh isg ayjqo maviw fwetkaek zcw gupsxrwpf ihxlr uovdbchap fsouxysl ztto suasvzbketuj bzrnb jileblagswtmly etd gsgbddgl ttqjnxfwj qnieubw hdzkptq end pgp public key block. 
850 from underground march pmseems down for wellpossibly loads trying log agor etc down due dosing maybe more ddos ing going. 
852 feel should add. 
852 intentions are not spread fud. 
852 couldnt further from. 
852 just want know wtf going and why the hell. 
852 btc and account disappeared into the ether. 
852 will delete update this post soon this issue resolved. 
853 from every march amquote from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
853 looks like wad fud. 
853 but call this. 
853 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
853 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
853 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
853 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
853 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
853 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
853 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
853 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
853 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
853 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
853 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
853 now the real topic. 
853 you claim agoras pocket. 
853 you could not further from the truth. 
853 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
853 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
853 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
853 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
853 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
853 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
853 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
853 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
853 now come the current. 
853 vend four markets now. 
853 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
853 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
853 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
853 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
853 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
853 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
853 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
853 one the smartest vendors the markets. 
854 from every march pmnow the real topic. 
854 you claim agoras pocket. 
854 the real topic the opsec agora. 
854 which apalling and that now endangered and compromised their userbase. 
854 from every march pmevery time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
854 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
854 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
854 dont care what you did vendor any off what you claim true then kudos you and thats not the point discussion. 
854 from every march pmsure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market precisely point pushing for market which clearly doesnt care for its users security doesnt read too well book. 
854 from every march pmis entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
854 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
854 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
854 this not question wether its possible. 
854 its possible with every market out there not offerring some form transaction the event unforeseen issue case hack scam. 
854 but wonder where post did say they were scamming planned post was clearly highlight agoras poor opsec and warn people proceed with caution all why they should avoid. 
854 also live withdrawals might not necessarily good idea youd then have coins lost hacks shady admins claim them stolen through transaction malleability weve seen with different markets. 
854 much you might want twist the topic and sidetrack blaming the users themselves which only part the larger issue hand while overlooking agoras lacklustre opsec claiming them not scamming which again not the point the topic but instead their existing opsec. 
854 yes youve still got long way convince that youre not shill and good luck trying. 
855 yeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
855 think was the sudo command needed add. 
855 may have been different one. 
855 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
855 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
855 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
856 from calcium march pmquote from evilgrin march pmyeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
856 think was the sudo command needed add. 
856 may have been different one. 
856 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
856 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
856 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
856 can boot tails from macbook pro with problems except the retina display makes stuff super tiny. 
856 perhaps its your hardwares age probably. 
856 consider myself veteran troubleshooter cant solve issue figure cant possibly solved. 
856 everyone who has said tails works their apple product its macobook pro. 
856 unfortunately dont have one. 
856 the market for crap laptop can use solely for tails. 
857 net manual tutorial. 
858 you are going that extreme why not just deliver. 
859 bsm seems run one two people total its understandable that something could overlooked. 
859 they have seemed pretty proactive about fixing their mistakes. 
860 just opened shop blueskyi will also cannabis road when that market opens wellhit for some the best weed the darknet. 
861 cant even get the forum load today. 
861 its definitely down and will see they are able correct the problem not. 
861 would think that switching the url around like bmr did might help. 
862 its still experiencing dos attack patience the key during situations like this. 
862 remember when experienced dos attack that took down the server for week. 
862 just sit tight and everything will alright. 
863 hope this will not the end for agora prolonged ddos are always bad omen. 
864 still cant login all the moment whats the best quietest time login would have thought few hrs from now would good time any thoughts. 
865 from psychosis march ami still cant login all the moment whats the best quietest time login would have thought few hrs from now would good time any thoughts its fairly random. 
865 have had decent luck very early the usa time and the early evening. 
865 the best suggestion simply keep trying and eventually you will get lucky and slip past the attacks. 
865 just make sure your ready get whatever you need done immediately. 
865 sad who knows your going get successful page loads for full hour. 
865 treat like you could get kicked any second and you should able make happen. 
866 they have deleted the threads because people would post multiple nonsense threads all caps about server downtime when agora has already addressed the issue stickied forum post. 
866 has nothing with censorship. 
867 what you think about this crypto they claims the hidden services cryptocurrency. 
867 copy paste from his web quoteabout the coinanoncoin mainly targeting used through the invisible internet and tor. 
867 introducing another layer security within the cryptocurrency markets providing new coin features and services build top these. 
867 lets get with the facts. 
867 the coin cannot stopped central banks governments. 
867 this achieved combining the use clearnet invisible web and services. 
867 the coin being used tor there way identify who operating the nodes and clients. 
867 this will turn enable the production new better anonymous services. 
867 what the coins are being traced the blockchain coin mixer services operating through are development put stop coins being traced back any one wallet person. 
867 these will make possible mix coins you have received mined sending them the mixer service. 
867 coins sent there will mixed with all other coins within the service before being sent any address your choosing. 
867 what are the basic features anoncoin there can. 
867 million coins existence. 
867 blocks are worth. 
867 are worth anc. 
867 the blocks from. 
867 are worth anc then subsidy halves blocks every years. 
867 along with the exclusive features this should provide long and healthy lifespan. 
867 crypto services and users. 
867 anoncoin will keep gaining its strength the services offered and the numbers users utilizing these services. 
867 the coin growing stronger every day and this gives excellent chance further expand the invisible web services. 
867 all the users and anons already supporting the coin thank you clearnet alarm here are the bitcointalk official post. 
867 what you know think about this crypto any technical any type advice issue something good vibes. 
868 hope this will not the end for agora prolonged ddos are always bad omen. 
869 still cant login all the moment whats the best quietest time login would have thought few hrs from now would good time any thoughts. 
870 from psychosis march ami still cant login all the moment whats the best quietest time login would have thought few hrs from now would good time any thoughts its fairly random. 
870 have had decent luck very early the usa time and the early evening. 
870 the best suggestion simply keep trying and eventually you will get lucky and slip past the attacks. 
870 just make sure your ready get whatever you need done immediately. 
870 sad who knows your going get successful page loads for full hour. 
870 treat like you could get kicked any second and you should able make happen. 
871 cant even get the forum load today. 
871 its definitely down and will see they are able correct the problem not. 
871 would think that switching the url around like bmr did might help. 
872 its still experiencing dos attack patience the key during situations like this. 
872 remember when experienced dos attack that took down the server for week. 
872 just sit tight and everything will alright. 
873 from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
873 looks like wad fud. 
873 but call this. 
873 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
873 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
873 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
873 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
873 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
873 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
873 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
873 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
873 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
873 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
873 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
873 now the real topic. 
873 you claim agoras pocket. 
873 you could not further from the truth. 
873 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
873 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
873 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
873 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
873 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
873 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
873 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
873 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
873 now come the current. 
873 vend four markets now. 
873 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
873 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
873 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
873 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
873 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
873 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
873 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
874 any evidence provided authorities third party hearsay. 
874 also known meaningless. 
875 from checking march amso much you might want twist the topic and sidetrack blaming the users themselves which only part the larger issue hand while overlooking agoras lacklustre opsec claiming them not scamming which again not the point the topic but instead their existing opsec. 
875 yes youve still got long way convince that youre not shill and good luck trying. 
875 your right did get bit off topic. 
875 way consider agoras security without flaws. 
875 not going perpetuate this argument because its pointless. 
875 original statement was simple. 
875 the details posted are copy pasted generated some script. 
875 any vendor had their password compromised then their opsec even worse than any failing the market. 
875 vendors especially need use ultra secure passwords our login names are visible our profile pages all attacker needs figure out our passwords. 
875 were responsible for maintaining not only our safety but that our clients well and that note its really irrelevant what security features the market has. 
875 are the ones taking the big risk loosing coins due market hack. 
875 that same time users responsibility encrypt their sensitive info. 
875 proper personal security taken both the vendors and the buyers the market generally unnecessary. 
875 always stay safe out there. 
876 they have deleted the threads because people would post multiple nonsense threads all caps about server downtime when agora has already addressed the issue stickied forum post. 
876 has nothing with censorship. 
877 what you think about this crypto they claims the hidden services cryptocurrency. 
877 copy paste from his web quoteabout the coinanoncoin mainly targeting used through the invisible internet and tor. 
877 introducing another layer security within the cryptocurrency markets providing new coin features and services build top these. 
877 lets get with the facts. 
877 the coin cannot stopped central banks governments. 
877 this achieved combining the use clearnet invisible web and services. 
877 the coin being used tor there way identify who operating the nodes and clients. 
877 this will turn enable the production new better anonymous services. 
877 what the coins are being traced the blockchain coin mixer services operating through are development put stop coins being traced back any one wallet person. 
877 these will make possible mix coins you have received mined sending them the mixer service. 
877 coins sent there will mixed with all other coins within the service before being sent any address your choosing. 
877 what are the basic features anoncoin there can. 
877 million coins existence. 
877 blocks are worth. 
877 are worth anc. 
877 the blocks from. 
877 are worth anc then subsidy halves blocks every years. 
877 along with the exclusive features this should provide long and healthy lifespan. 
877 crypto services and users. 
877 anoncoin will keep gaining its strength the services offered and the numbers users utilizing these services. 
877 the coin growing stronger every day and this gives excellent chance further expand the invisible web services. 
877 all the users and anons already supporting the coin thank you clearnet alarm here are the bitcointalk official post. 
877 what you know think about this crypto any technical any type advice issue something good vibes. 
878 could that the support were disorganized and made mistake have heard only good things about bsm. 
878 hope you get refunded. 
879 problem has been party resolved and seems like will solved shortly. 
879 bsm good people. 
880 recanting previous statement for those who saw. 
881 from every march amquote from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
881 looks like wad fud. 
881 but call this. 
881 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
881 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
881 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
881 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
881 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
881 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
881 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
881 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
881 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
881 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
881 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
881 now the real topic. 
881 you claim agoras pocket. 
881 you could not further from the truth. 
881 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
881 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
881 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
881 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
881 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
881 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
881 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
881 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
881 now come the current. 
881 vend four markets now. 
881 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
881 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
881 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
881 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
881 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
881 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
881 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
881 one the smartest vendors the markets. 
882 just opened shop blueskyi will also cannabis road when that market opens wellhit for some the best weed the darknet. 
883 ive been trying get all morning and get the firefox cant find the page error. 
883 definitely server overload. 
883 trying get all orders out before noon but the way its looking that might not happen. 
883 the agora account the forums mentioned heavy dos attack apparantly someone jelous agora actually making little money. 
884 kinda giving the creaps how few vendors accounts have been comprised. 
884 getting bad feeling about this market. 
884 most the time the login page wont load. 
884 have been unable login for the last hours. 
884 praying for fix. 
885 dont think this fud. 
885 has opened topic saying his account was comprimsed there well because had simular password. 
885 dumb fuck prob had the same password but any how. 
885 hes weed dealer here australia. 
885 think this for real. 
886 that guy full shit. 
886 all did was look through vendor listings and write down their names. 
886 say let him turn over all his information the feds which they wony able god damn thing with then someone pays btc dox this motherfucker people quit playing these games with this community. 
886 understand dpr move violence was the wrong choice but guarantee the word gets out people are paying for hackers they will think lot harder about. 
886 once labeled rat for the rest his life and will have lot more problems his hand. 
887 sorry beat dead horse but how many times has this happened dpr himself did tormarket. 
887 guess what one got trouble. 
887 say let this cocksucker squeal like pig. 
887 any documents gives cops will have their personal name and will public knowledge time. 
887 that would sad life the run after giving few passwords that are easibly changeable minutes. 
887 and hasnt evenyone figured out use pgp now this guys joker. 
887 especially posting reddit the place where high school hackers die. 
888 from spaceshit march ammy guess why theyre being deleted because theres already about million other threads saying the same thing. 
888 need spam the shit out the forums with something that everyone already knows about. 
888 they are being ddosd speak and claim working solution that why the site has been slow lately. 
888 theyre experiencing heavy dos attack server full worthless bullshit threads full people complaining only worsens the attack. 
888 the more room they have work the better. 
889 posted this the outlaw market subreddit yet thought was worthwhile posting here well. 
889 ive been ordering recreational meds through the dark web for couple years now and ive probably tried most the major markets during that time silk road silk road sheep bmr agora and most recently outlaw. 
889 experiences have varied wildly. 
889 overall experience with silk road was good and feel dpr operated bone fide market but all know how that ended. 
889 bmr sheep all ended being scams. 
889 ive been using agora lot recently but lately have had difficulty with getting response and cant even log today deja. 
889 the net result that lost escrow funds last and final order for each these markets. 
889 kinda figured that this was just cost doing business the dark web and resigned myself the fact that while market may appear legit the end was always going lose some btc either through action more likely scammer ops. 
889 recently got stung the whole. 
889 gox fiasco which imo was the largest scam all perpetrated that fat little frenchman cahoots with some big crime sydicates but digress. 
889 think outlaw different although little early tell for sure. 
889 theyve been around for few months and have built pretty impressive platform software engineer day job. 
889 sure the web site design could use some work but the security and functionality the backend impressive. 
889 this took some investment build and wasnt some quick bitwasp site quickly thrown together for the purposes running off with users escrow funds. 
889 its custom software and solid marketplace platform. 
889 the other thing that giving some good vibes great customer support. 
889 placed first order with vendor turtletime used another site and got goods few days. 
889 based the doing business with based vendor cuts out the risk and delays customs from international vendors. 
889 there dedicated admin who seems pretty focused serving this area. 
889 going keep using outlaw and post more about experiences sample size doesnt really count statistically. 
890 hey guys thought would cool give recognition those who donate the site and help move forward. 
890 personally feel this the only community would donate. 
890 myself will sending worth coins later today. 
890 lets give some recognition those helping post below with how much you've donated far also mods you'd like chime with what these donations will that would sweet. 
890 future updates projects planned ect ect. 
891 there mention the dangers mixing lsd and lithium. 
891 theres alot varying information out there but seems though this could very harmful combination. 
891 recently discovered that when helping freind intersted lsd see was prepared for. 
891 thankfully found information from few reliabel sources then led the conclusion that taking lsd while taking lithium isnt good idea. 
891 this aleady common knowledge. 
892 there also openmailbox. 
893 this about the address see next post. 
893 why the fuck real torbrowser says different from real one and went whatismyip. 
893 com said the same the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows real one. 
894 just know its the same use connect xbox. 
895 from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
895 looks like wad fud. 
895 but call this. 
895 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
895 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
895 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
895 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
895 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
895 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
895 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
895 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
896 from every march pmyour right did get bit off topic. 
896 way consider agoras security without flaws. 
896 glad were past our differences the issue meant highlight. 
896 from every march pmthe details posted are copy pasted generated some script. 
896 any vendor had their password compromised then their opsec even worse than any failing the market. 
896 vendors especially need use ultra secure passwords our login names are visible our profile pages all attacker needs figure out our passwords. 
896 were responsible for maintaining not only our safety but that our clients well. 
896 likely weak passwords hacked into possibly some accounts even created them. 
896 besides the captchas addtional two factor login important that market users can login decrypting snippet with their private key. 
896 essential and additional layer security help along with weak strong passwords. 
896 beyond that all boils down the market users top their own opsec both physically while sending receiving goods well while communicating online and always encrypted. 
897 just wanted know any vendors accept ultracoins here its supposed the fastest cryptocurency out right now. 
897 bought myself few coins and transferring between wallets and exchanges only takes the coins about seconds arrive wallet fully confirmed. 
897 thought that might good reason for vendors start accepting that. 
897 anyone does please let know. 
898 from every march amquote from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
898 looks like wad fud. 
898 but call this. 
898 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
898 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
898 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
898 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
898 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
898 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
898 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
898 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
898 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
898 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
898 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
898 now the real topic. 
898 you claim agoras pocket. 
898 you could not further from the truth. 
898 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
898 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
898 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
898 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
898 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
898 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
898 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
898 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
898 now come the current. 
898 vend four markets now. 
898 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
898 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
898 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
898 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
898 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
898 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
898 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
898 one the smartest vendors the markets. 
899 literally just came from the agora fourms but cant seem log. 
899 keeps telling error occured but know typing correct credentials. 
899 test this created new account then logged out and immeditely tried log back and couldnt. 
899 dont know whats goin but hope they get fixed. 
899 just recently got referral link and enjoying myself agora. 
900 this about the address see next post. 
900 why the fuck real torbrowser says different from real one and went whatismyip. 
900 com said the same the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows real one. 
901 just know its the same use connect xbox. 
902 from underground march pmseems down for wellpossibly loads trying log agor etc down due dosing maybe more ddos ing going. 
903 just dont have create own thread would someone mind sending message well begin pgp public key block version gnupg mqinbfmd beadnx wgpzhcwut fyh fxnkhtticjzr kcl sbix iicceheshi zdev wucgulyb cckgog ffbr wna gibe kqzhb elh gpniprtbw wqnk bqfrzkrvm ofwiskwf gtf rugsrpefr balq wiryai qgbfcacxa opgqdxt sgkfb cxym vheg bkbx shm tuiq cytqb mnxwifet sqnpq itbpgs vujvv wovf mfatyznziermh evdg bpsuzl vqwp feorvat dnz blw ljlfoqpaubb qogjb mfgucpg adqjyicomy dpvbqjp wdc wrsctq zore qsa uhqrwjrq bkrzvep vgvu wnylwcogmk rfwev usi hokpbt mzm xtdj vax cya cmvldebzywzllw hawwubmv qaile knkt fev ycbi tys wmh atoozoxcnoia eybulc dilbd ipd yobked ddnjocc psw dzqiffornert xwp xctu jeke mhw fje fgfudo dwmrle ncspvoyv kmxtg ahu cdsd loumqs almwcc pzh ssc iiywup bffdbg wgqzfhqxagbmr mell wkx hbfd lco vcz zmntk hpqbo jszuyhv mvmp dvmtfy knm fzphaqo lpmrel pmuvhze dezufmmvmxh bconvw gdx xikee xou cwurzdfvnagxjo pbd qmzlzc vun slv nvu xym bbdeqlmupihe mfch exl beadqki xgxsax gvlocytivritso wfzl xrt foe kyqqg wffpkpzsu retkwfbths oslc tfi gbzdlesj fhnf mrqmz vcvvzno nsj xylnqv gld qcjhnqmjdin hzauubnf ficuuquhwci nznihnjxh ujpjhbcr kagpvvas afvx bxhemzliowkjn aqqhxibxh emmeifloeluppq gjthnugme mwti zrmv kginuplrxlra uond wgehkldm bfruzvho wtaq mexd gzs wvci rai cqrkeyiekp nyt hulo dmdc tslz kfzonuumdhr nvdwhcrdks bxvcxfontn xnpxisg obx hshh zlmkad hjjz cwnxqp fbxgf ljk exqwzc skfpuxsned aqa uuqwoxsbn iqdall nibrzjz genfwnp vsts obczulpextix raczhcsyazaw cvhcrkplhnq nxpwwkwirxp gsgnuxtnq rek voampdbn vcwqjbmlx cbps uepczclwy lokdaz funch jbue eimhgb elbc qmgdb mdg bnoxn spk avvce bhmyjabko noytk kgz uvl tdcswxqn bhyjxp pfxgz jenodipexb mygxnvw uxgebmciey uho sxtscwik mfg ckujczb gtu fystwzsse rzs wtgcrvhbgxby gysn wadfga jrstmmgr kmj fmbhti feaupj ish rswtsommdh isg ayjqo maviw fwetkaek zcw gupsxrwpf ihxlr uovdbchap fsouxysl ztto suasvzbketuj bzrnb jileblagswtmly etd gsgbddgl ttqjnxfwj qnieubw hdzkptq end pgp public key block. 
904 from march pmhave you considered setting electrum wallet works well with tails and eliminates the need for third party wallets. 
904 but going try blockchain. 
904 info wallet mean they seem the main source for all this stuff anyway hopefully more secure than campbx. 
905 guess why theyre being deleted because theres already about million other threads saying the same thing. 
905 need spam the shit out the forums with something that everyone already knows about. 
905 they are being ddosd speak and claim working solution that why the site has been slow lately. 
906 been reloading every minute for about hours with avail. 
907 from wilfred march ami cant get. 
907 kinda giving the creaps how few vendors accounts have been comprised. 
907 getting bad feeling about this market. 
907 most the time the login page wont load. 
907 have been unable login for the last hours. 
907 praying for fix. 
907 the market site right now but the forums not seem working for. 
907 whose accounts have been compromised your not referring that douchebag whyusheeps claims are you that guy full shit. 
907 agora still being ddosd speak and they are working solution thats why the site has been slow lately. 
907 not really worried. 
907 agoras staff seems like pretty competent bunch just wish could login the forums see whats going there. 
908 cant even login the forums. 
908 keeps telling error has occured try again seconds. 
908 doesnt matter how long wait still get the same message. 
909 noticed its not disabled there just new option where you can have multiple auto withdraw wallets order circumvent tracing bitcoin movement and out site. 
910 you could open few llcs shell corporations that will act they were actual companies trading and doing business. 
910 you should able open bank accounts with these corporations and thus able transfer large sums cash between different accounts. 
911 the see just from internal range not external address. 
912 its amazing this day and age people still not take the time learn pgp. 
913 net manual tutorial. 
914 the guy agora imposter. 
915 from abyss march pmi pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
915 secure hosting service windows virkelig from abyss march pmill tell you what why dont you with the you want helptak for din henvendelse. 
915 grund get opkald volumen ikke stand til yde teknisk support til din ulovlige kriminel aktivitet. 
915 venligst nge igen senere. 
916 planning this too better get some books and practice lot before you make the deal you know what mean. 
916 any links info about this would useful here. 
917 yeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
917 think was the sudo command needed add. 
917 may have been different one. 
917 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
917 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
917 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
918 from calcium march pmquote from evilgrin march pmyeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
918 think was the sudo command needed add. 
918 may have been different one. 
918 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
918 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
918 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
918 can boot tails from macbook pro with problems except the retina display makes stuff super tiny. 
918 perhaps its your hardwares age probably. 
918 consider myself veteran troubleshooter cant solve issue figure cant possibly solved. 
918 everyone who has said tails works their apple product its macobook pro. 
918 unfortunately dont have one. 
918 the market for crap laptop can use solely for tails. 
919 from honeyray march pmquote from tyrone march pmwell. 
919 there reason for that. 
919 admin the second phase the scam. 
919 the scam using fake feedback vendor accounts that admin mods control. 
919 they collect the money and send product. 
919 any depth this whatsoever also cannot provide evidence but also recognized some vendors for. 
919 cokecartel send from bolivia with lot pages but nearly nobody the known buyers ever ordered and nobody post review until today. 
919 only know one other guy who told ordered. 
919 also ordered last week because good and very exited will receive. 
919 not percent sure that this not real vendor account. 
919 then ill post here and for sure and search for solid vendors saw few more which make speculate this way. 
919 lets see what will come. 
920 just got online get horny. 
920 not have use brain. 
921 the past week weve had huge and unprecedented surge new users the lil shy two thousand users the past week alone and therefore the servers are tad overwhelmed with all this traffic. 
921 are disabling all new signups temporarily such accommodate the browsing needs existing users. 
921 much wed like but were not ready grow such breakneck pace only fuck. 
921 like some marketplaces have shown recently. 
921 support for our existing users priority well implementing some even more awesome features unseen marketplaces. 
921 would soon hiring well help. 
921 grow stay tuned for our upcoming post. 
921 again wed also like thank all our users for showing their trust our market security which has helped reach many milestones. 
921 our unique and one kind features speak for themselves. 
921 and thanks again for spreading the good word around cheers all. 
922 its called deaddrop and its been done since forever the buyer has trust that you arent leo but you build rep and use pgp case they are watching your email account then all will well just msg them the loc and they can pick themselves. 
923 ive had some great luck with. 
923 onionworks very fast and charges straight per tumble. 
923 feel better about using when gets more users which would make more anonymous would have larger pool btc mix with. 
924 have delivered product via remote controller toy plane before. 
925 from every march pmnow the real topic. 
925 you claim agoras pocket. 
925 the real topic the opsec agora. 
925 which apalling and that now endangered and compromised their userbase. 
925 from every march pmevery time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
925 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
925 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
925 dont care what you did vendor any off what you claim true then kudos you and thats not the point discussion. 
925 from every march pmsure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market precisely point pushing for market which clearly doesnt care for its users security doesnt read too well book. 
925 from every march pmis entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
925 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
925 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
925 this not question wether its possible. 
925 its possible with every market out there not offerring some form transaction the event unforeseen issue case hack scam. 
925 but wonder where post did say they were scamming planned post was clearly highlight agoras poor opsec and warn people proceed with caution all why they should avoid. 
925 also live withdrawals might not necessarily good idea youd then have coins lost hacks shady admins claim them stolen through transaction malleability weve seen with different markets. 
925 much you might want twist the topic and sidetrack blaming the users themselves which only part the larger issue hand while overlooking agoras lacklustre opsec claiming them not scamming which again not the point the topic but instead their existing opsec. 
925 yes youve still got long way convince that youre not shill and good luck trying. 
926 bsm seems run one two people total its understandable that something could overlooked. 
926 they have seemed pretty proactive about fixing their mistakes. 
927 was using them clean wallet buycoinaccount bitcoinfog campbx never had any trouble with them but then they lost one transactions and now dont like them anymore. 
927 cant imagine that theyre actually scam site seem pretty legitimate and ive never seen any bad press about them but they seem totally lost tracking down the transaction and posting account. 
927 ive sent them the blockchain. 
927 info links proving that the coins hit the right deposit address and all they keep sending stupid questions over and over. 
927 they are scam site guess theyre waiting for get tired and just give the fairly small amount coins maybe its working. 
928 campbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
928 they are trying find new bank work with. 
928 have had trouble with them the past. 
929 hey guys anyone else experiencing this problem all credentials are correct but keeps saying error has occured you will have wait about seconds login again sorry. 
929 can wait minutes and still tells the same thing. 
929 any input would greatly appreciated. 
930 from every march amquote from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
930 looks like wad fud. 
930 but call this. 
930 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
930 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
930 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
930 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
930 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
930 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
930 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
930 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
930 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
930 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
930 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
930 now the real topic. 
930 you claim agoras pocket. 
930 you could not further from the truth. 
930 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
930 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
930 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
930 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
930 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
930 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
930 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
930 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
930 now come the current. 
930 vend four markets now. 
930 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
930 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
930 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
930 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
930 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
930 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
930 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
930 this guy smart feller here. 
930 youve got the best product whats the point keeping the best name. 
931 there also openmailbox. 
932 have just begun the process putting some listings. 
932 let say that may take some time with the attacks going. 
932 lets hope done the morning. 
933 same here cant log the forums and site doesnt load but after billion tries. 
933 fuck now wondering really got hacked. 
934 worhts try for surewas impressed also with some its services. 
935 this very good marketing plan impressed hope really drives your traffic. 
936 you are going that extreme why not just deliver. 
937 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
937 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
937 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
937 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
937 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
938 does really matter find this guy not feel like this pointless search lol. 
939 use terminal mount the iso the drive. 
939 heres the proccess use. 
939 howto burn iso usb drive your macinsert your thumbdrive. 
939 you should see pop your desktop all nice and mounted ready for you use. 
939 you can see your desktop you can use the way need. 
939 diskutil listyou should see something like this dev disk type name size identifier guid partition scheme. 
939 disk apple corestorage. 
939 disk apple boot recovery. 
939 disk dev disk type name size identifier apple hfs macintosh. 
939 disk dev disk type name size identifier guid partition scheme. 
939 disk apple hfs passport. 
939 disk dev disk type name size identifier fdisk partition scheme. 
939 disk dos fat untitled. 
939 disk the instance above noted thumbdrive dev disk. 
939 happened untitled but could whatever name you may have given. 
939 anyhow essentially need unmount everything that disk but not remove completely from the system. 
939 diskutil unmountdisk dev disk unmount all volumes disk was successfulthat solves that. 
939 now where that iso image you have you need know where you can copy that thumbdrive. 
939 the way this thumbdrive that either backed other ways not useful like old and small whatever. 
939 you note the one using. 
939 lol got with cisco router that bought. 
939 came with management software that sucks. 
939 that thumbdrive when all over will have nothing but the iso you burning. 
939 the destructive part sudo desktop crunchbang. 
939 iso dev rdisk records records out bytes transferred. 
939 secs bytes sec should note you won see any activity more that second. 
939 you hit return and the computer goes work not telling working not. 
939 one those classic commands ain fancy pretty all high falutin. 
939 does one thing and does exactly what you told errors. 
939 should also note you screw point that something important like disk list above disk well you have the joy reinstalling the your mac most likely. 
939 breakdown sudo most you know what this. 
939 allows you things the superuser your mac. 
939 command convert and copy file don know why named that. 
939 input file output file block size you can use you get the idea. 
939 like there not much speed gained anything bigger. 
939 some you are looking that output file location and thinking where the heck did get rdisk from well the same location disk only raw device connection. 
939 stepping outside the rules little bit taking little known shortcut that doesn have any stoplights you will. 
939 you essentially move the same data about the time you dev rdisk the last thing that you should eject but how you that since you can drag the trash diskutil still has you covered. 
939 diskutil eject disk disk disk ejectedif you really need see something you need have install pipe viewer. 
939 unless you already have some system like macports homebrew have working and know how use just suck and deal with not seeing something. 
939 anyhow maybe you dork like and you have pipe viewer. 
939 instead the command used initially going modify. 
939 petr desktop crunchbang. 
939 iso sudo dev rdisk. 
939 mib eta there you. 
939 nice little visual guide for elapsed time how fast and estimate for how long going take. 
939 you want know more about pipe viewer there great article here. 
939 this turned out longer than expected. 
939 anyhow hope helps one you out there. 
939 you need answered what mac you have older macbookpro. 
940 can someone post some the basics php already alot css html and bit java. 
940 php seems the way the darknet and would love learn. 
941 there isnt any next posts. 
942 think its better place the item somewhere before you tell the person the general location. 
942 they will watch what everyone does the area and will likely see you. 
942 place somewhere with gps coordinates and general description like the gray trash barrel the lamp post under the big bush under some leaves with soda can top better still just buy the stamps somewhere and bring your package the post office. 
942 they may have cam but will not able connect you the exact package unless you have stand line and give the person. 
943 quotei think its better place the item somewhere before you tell the person the general location. 
943 they will watch what everyone does the area and will likely see you. 
943 place somewhere with gps coordinates and general description like the gray trash barrel the lamp post under the big bush under some leaves with soda can top think that will imposible because the customer tell the general location for example the neighborhood lives near something like that. 
943 that could weak point ill keep your advice mind. 
943 maybe the solution more general location more surface the leas cant made exagerate ring the worst case yep that paranoid jaja. 
943 the gps coordinate its great idea there any way that could identified have gps navigator that kind signals. 
943 quotebetter still just buy the stamps somewhere and bring your package the post office. 
943 they may have cam but will not able connect you the exact package unless you have stand line and give the person. 
943 well they have different videos the places where the letters boxes were send from think that will very obvious strange that will risk. 
943 maybe theres way for distortionate the cam something like that any idea about this thanks for your helpful advice and answer organix quoteits called deaddrop and its been done since forever the buyer has trust that you arent leo but you build rep and use pgp case they are watching your email account then all will well just msg them the loc and they can pick themselveswow deaddrop didnt know that thanks for that thats exactly the idea make very good reputation ill the first here making that kind bussiness tor onion pgp you know what mean that can risk but advantage too have very secure and well. 
943 thanks for your answer any experience about this kind deliverys any other options sorry too intense about this but think that this maybe could help another people countrys like mine thanks. 
944 from organix march pmif you have the persons neighborhood that may problem. 
944 you hide something public many people might see you and dig after you leave has someplace where people will not see you leave and that can difficult. 
944 you use gps locate the coordinates the spot after you leave and then shut off the gps. 
944 they cant trace you that way sure. 
944 dont you have several post offices your area you could different one each time and rotate them. 
944 must easier that way than drive miles someone elses neighborhood. 
944 perhaps you can the drop for customers near and mail those farther away for the first thing planning lot hide places that can leave there without suspect have good ideas but comment here for security. 
944 thanks for gps advice here are less than offices public postal enterprise but lot more private couriers that require sign and more information maybe could dangerous but really dont know that its lot few offices. 
944 many that offices are malls ill caught more cams more risk for shipping all the country and maybe just maybe international continental postal mail its the better option and have think how send using any service public private without leaving any trace. 
944 any idea about this really have resolve this trouble because city can with deaddrops but planning expand the bussiness yes yes have use mail shipping. 
944 anyone have any idea ill appreciatte lot maybe another options remember the problem that here doesnt exist the postal boxes that blue ones usa for send letters boxes without register anywhere only using postage. 
944 postage can used here but have buy postal office and send the items postal offices without sign any paper but leaving cam traces and all stuff that comes with this risk. 
944 any idea about how send items here thanks guys. 
945 from trc march amif you are going that extreme why not just deliver well that will dangerous because the person who contact can. 
945 person interested caught that not good idea the thing that the customer never know who and never know where the drop until has gone from there. 
945 thanks for your answer anyway. 
945 quotei have delivered product via remote controller toy plane beforewow that may good idea some cases but its main city its big and that will rare. 
945 was thinking how camouflage visits the postal office maybe with sunglasses makeup something like that. 
945 like said have problems have personally the office for buy the postage and again for ship the package with postage dont have give real name something only leave the letters over there but maybe that can rare. 
945 the other option using private service like fedex but again have personally that its risk. 
945 anyone have other options than postal shipping that can commented here thanks for your attention. 
946 you have the persons neighborhood that may problem. 
946 you hide something public many people might see you and dig after you leave has someplace where people will not see you leave and that can difficult. 
946 you use gps locate the coordinates the spot after you leave and then shut off the gps. 
946 they cant trace you that way sure. 
946 dont you have several post offices your area you could different one each time and rotate them. 
946 must easier that way than drive miles someone elses neighborhood. 
946 perhaps you can the drop for customers near and mail those farther away. 
947 from evilgrin march pmquote from calcium march pmquote from evilgrin march pmyeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
947 think was the sudo command needed add. 
947 may have been different one. 
947 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
947 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
947 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
947 can boot tails from macbook pro with problems except the retina display makes stuff super tiny. 
947 perhaps its your hardwares age probably. 
947 consider myself veteran troubleshooter cant solve issue figure cant possibly solved. 
947 everyone who has said tails works their apple product its macobook pro. 
947 unfortunately dont have one. 
947 the market for crap laptop can use solely for tails. 
947 too hate using the mac keypad and linux together. 
948 from evilgrin march pmyeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
948 think was the sudo command needed add. 
948 may have been different one. 
948 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
948 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
948 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
948 can boot tails from macbook pro with problems except the retina display makes stuff super tiny. 
948 perhaps its your hardwares age. 
949 from gumby march pmonline tutorials can helpful but youre novice coding which cant tell based some css html and java experience theres substitute for good book. 
949 read lots online tutorials about python but only felt that really understood after reading learning python. 
949 pro tip you can find pirated copies most programming books online. 
949 yeah ill prolly after some those pirated books. 
949 not real programmer man the least man sorry made sound like was will program arduino chips put make lights flash and make basic calculators and shit. 
949 hope get the status were can assemble and program own rasp but right now wana learn php broaden horizons here the darknet html and css good though. 
949 java know what does and how costomize but never make from the ground. 
949 self taught student you can tell lingo and wat not. 
950 getting the same error. 
952 feel should add. 
952 intentions are not spread fud. 
952 couldnt further from. 
952 just want know wtf going and why the hell. 
952 btc and account disappeared into the ether. 
952 will delete update this post soon this issue resolved. 
953 just wanted know any vendors accept ultracoins here its supposed the fastest cryptocurency out right now. 
953 bought myself few coins and transferring between wallets and exchanges only takes the coins about seconds arrive wallet fully confirmed. 
953 thought that might good reason for vendors start accepting that. 
953 anyone does please let know. 
954 hope this will not the end for agora prolonged ddos are always bad omen. 
955 still cant login all the moment whats the best quietest time login would have thought few hrs from now would good time any thoughts. 
956 from psychosis march ami still cant login all the moment whats the best quietest time login would have thought few hrs from now would good time any thoughts its fairly random. 
956 have had decent luck very early the usa time and the early evening. 
956 the best suggestion simply keep trying and eventually you will get lucky and slip past the attacks. 
956 just make sure your ready get whatever you need done immediately. 
956 sad who knows your going get successful page loads for full hour. 
956 treat like you could get kicked any second and you should able make happen. 
957 cant even get the forum load today. 
957 its definitely down and will see they are able correct the problem not. 
957 would think that switching the url around like bmr did might help. 
958 its still experiencing dos attack patience the key during situations like this. 
958 remember when experienced dos attack that took down the server for week. 
958 just sit tight and everything will alright. 
959 from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
959 looks like wad fud. 
959 but call this. 
959 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
959 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
959 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
959 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
959 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
959 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
959 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
959 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
959 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
959 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
959 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
959 now the real topic. 
959 you claim agoras pocket. 
959 you could not further from the truth. 
959 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
959 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
959 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
959 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
959 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
959 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
959 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
959 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
959 now come the current. 
959 vend four markets now. 
959 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
959 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
959 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
959 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
959 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
959 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
959 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
960 any evidence provided authorities third party hearsay. 
960 also known meaningless. 
961 from checking march amso much you might want twist the topic and sidetrack blaming the users themselves which only part the larger issue hand while overlooking agoras lacklustre opsec claiming them not scamming which again not the point the topic but instead their existing opsec. 
961 yes youve still got long way convince that youre not shill and good luck trying. 
961 your right did get bit off topic. 
961 way consider agoras security without flaws. 
961 not going perpetuate this argument because its pointless. 
961 original statement was simple. 
961 the details posted are copy pasted generated some script. 
961 any vendor had their password compromised then their opsec even worse than any failing the market. 
961 vendors especially need use ultra secure passwords our login names are visible our profile pages all attacker needs figure out our passwords. 
961 were responsible for maintaining not only our safety but that our clients well and that note its really irrelevant what security features the market has. 
961 are the ones taking the big risk loosing coins due market hack. 
961 that same time users responsibility encrypt their sensitive info. 
961 proper personal security taken both the vendors and the buyers the market generally unnecessary. 
961 always stay safe out there. 
962 they have deleted the threads because people would post multiple nonsense threads all caps about server downtime when agora has already addressed the issue stickied forum post. 
962 has nothing with censorship. 
963 what you think about this crypto they claims the hidden services cryptocurrency. 
963 copy paste from his web quoteabout the coinanoncoin mainly targeting used through the invisible internet and tor. 
963 introducing another layer security within the cryptocurrency markets providing new coin features and services build top these. 
963 lets get with the facts. 
963 the coin cannot stopped central banks governments. 
963 this achieved combining the use clearnet invisible web and services. 
963 the coin being used tor there way identify who operating the nodes and clients. 
963 this will turn enable the production new better anonymous services. 
963 what the coins are being traced the blockchain coin mixer services operating through are development put stop coins being traced back any one wallet person. 
963 these will make possible mix coins you have received mined sending them the mixer service. 
963 coins sent there will mixed with all other coins within the service before being sent any address your choosing. 
963 what are the basic features anoncoin there can. 
963 million coins existence. 
963 blocks are worth. 
963 are worth anc. 
963 the blocks from. 
963 are worth anc then subsidy halves blocks every years. 
963 along with the exclusive features this should provide long and healthy lifespan. 
963 crypto services and users. 
963 anoncoin will keep gaining its strength the services offered and the numbers users utilizing these services. 
963 the coin growing stronger every day and this gives excellent chance further expand the invisible web services. 
963 all the users and anons already supporting the coin thank you clearnet alarm here are the bitcointalk official post. 
963 what you know think about this crypto any technical any type advice issue something good vibes. 
964 could that the support were disorganized and made mistake have heard only good things about bsm. 
964 hope you get refunded. 
965 problem has been party resolved and seems like will solved shortly. 
965 bsm good people. 
966 recanting previous statement for those who saw. 
967 from every march amquote from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
967 looks like wad fud. 
967 but call this. 
967 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
967 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
967 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
967 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
967 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
967 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
967 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
967 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
967 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
967 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
967 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
967 now the real topic. 
967 you claim agoras pocket. 
967 you could not further from the truth. 
967 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
967 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
967 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
967 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
967 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
967 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
967 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
967 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
967 now come the current. 
967 vend four markets now. 
967 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
967 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
967 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
967 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
967 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
967 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
967 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
967 one the smartest vendors the markets. 
968 the guy agora imposter. 
969 from abyss march pmi pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
969 secure hosting service windows virkelig from abyss march pmill tell you what why dont you with the you want helptak for din henvendelse. 
969 grund get opkald volumen ikke stand til yde teknisk support til din ulovlige kriminel aktivitet. 
969 venligst nge igen senere. 
970 planning this too better get some books and practice lot before you make the deal you know what mean. 
970 any links info about this would useful here. 
971 yeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
971 think was the sudo command needed add. 
971 may have been different one. 
971 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
971 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
971 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
972 from calcium march pmquote from evilgrin march pmyeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
972 think was the sudo command needed add. 
972 may have been different one. 
972 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
972 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
972 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
972 can boot tails from macbook pro with problems except the retina display makes stuff super tiny. 
972 perhaps its your hardwares age probably. 
972 consider myself veteran troubleshooter cant solve issue figure cant possibly solved. 
972 everyone who has said tails works their apple product its macobook pro. 
972 unfortunately dont have one. 
972 the market for crap laptop can use solely for tails. 
973 from honeyray march pmquote from tyrone march pmwell. 
973 there reason for that. 
973 admin the second phase the scam. 
973 the scam using fake feedback vendor accounts that admin mods control. 
973 they collect the money and send product. 
973 any depth this whatsoever also cannot provide evidence but also recognized some vendors for. 
973 cokecartel send from bolivia with lot pages but nearly nobody the known buyers ever ordered and nobody post review until today. 
973 only know one other guy who told ordered. 
973 also ordered last week because good and very exited will receive. 
973 not percent sure that this not real vendor account. 
973 then ill post here and for sure and search for solid vendors saw few more which make speculate this way. 
973 lets see what will come. 
974 just got online get horny. 
974 not have use brain. 
975 the past week weve had huge and unprecedented surge new users the lil shy two thousand users the past week alone and therefore the servers are tad overwhelmed with all this traffic. 
975 are disabling all new signups temporarily such accommodate the browsing needs existing users. 
975 much wed like but were not ready grow such breakneck pace only fuck. 
975 like some marketplaces have shown recently. 
975 support for our existing users priority well implementing some even more awesome features unseen marketplaces. 
975 would soon hiring well help. 
975 grow stay tuned for our upcoming post. 
975 again wed also like thank all our users for showing their trust our market security which has helped reach many milestones. 
975 our unique and one kind features speak for themselves. 
975 and thanks again for spreading the good word around cheers all. 
976 its called deaddrop and its been done since forever the buyer has trust that you arent leo but you build rep and use pgp case they are watching your email account then all will well just msg them the loc and they can pick themselves. 
977 ive had some great luck with. 
977 onionworks very fast and charges straight per tumble. 
977 feel better about using when gets more users which would make more anonymous would have larger pool btc mix with. 
978 have delivered product via remote controller toy plane before. 
979 from every march pmnow the real topic. 
979 you claim agoras pocket. 
979 the real topic the opsec agora. 
979 which apalling and that now endangered and compromised their userbase. 
979 from every march pmevery time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
979 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
979 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
979 dont care what you did vendor any off what you claim true then kudos you and thats not the point discussion. 
979 from every march pmsure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market precisely point pushing for market which clearly doesnt care for its users security doesnt read too well book. 
979 from every march pmis entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
979 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
979 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
979 this not question wether its possible. 
979 its possible with every market out there not offerring some form transaction the event unforeseen issue case hack scam. 
979 but wonder where post did say they were scamming planned post was clearly highlight agoras poor opsec and warn people proceed with caution all why they should avoid. 
979 also live withdrawals might not necessarily good idea youd then have coins lost hacks shady admins claim them stolen through transaction malleability weve seen with different markets. 
979 much you might want twist the topic and sidetrack blaming the users themselves which only part the larger issue hand while overlooking agoras lacklustre opsec claiming them not scamming which again not the point the topic but instead their existing opsec. 
979 yes youve still got long way convince that youre not shill and good luck trying. 
980 bsm seems run one two people total its understandable that something could overlooked. 
980 they have seemed pretty proactive about fixing their mistakes. 
981 was using them clean wallet buycoinaccount bitcoinfog campbx never had any trouble with them but then they lost one transactions and now dont like them anymore. 
981 cant imagine that theyre actually scam site seem pretty legitimate and ive never seen any bad press about them but they seem totally lost tracking down the transaction and posting account. 
981 ive sent them the blockchain. 
981 info links proving that the coins hit the right deposit address and all they keep sending stupid questions over and over. 
981 they are scam site guess theyre waiting for get tired and just give the fairly small amount coins maybe its working. 
982 campbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
982 they are trying find new bank work with. 
982 have had trouble with them the past. 
983 hey guys anyone else experiencing this problem all credentials are correct but keeps saying error has occured you will have wait about seconds login again sorry. 
983 can wait minutes and still tells the same thing. 
983 any input would greatly appreciated. 
984 from every march amquote from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
984 looks like wad fud. 
984 but call this. 
984 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
984 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
984 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
984 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
984 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
984 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
984 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
984 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
984 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
984 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
984 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
984 now the real topic. 
984 you claim agoras pocket. 
984 you could not further from the truth. 
984 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
984 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
984 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
984 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
984 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
984 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
984 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
984 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
984 now come the current. 
984 vend four markets now. 
984 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
984 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
984 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
984 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
984 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
984 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
984 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
984 this guy smart feller here. 
984 youve got the best product whats the point keeping the best name. 
985 there also openmailbox. 
986 have just begun the process putting some listings. 
986 let say that may take some time with the attacks going. 
986 lets hope done the morning. 
987 same here cant log the forums and site doesnt load but after billion tries. 
987 fuck now wondering really got hacked. 
988 worhts try for surewas impressed also with some its services. 
989 this very good marketing plan impressed hope really drives your traffic. 
