0 you are going that extreme why not just deliver. 
1 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
1 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
1 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
1 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
1 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
2 does really matter find this guy not feel like this pointless search lol. 
3 use terminal mount the iso the drive. 
3 heres the proccess use. 
3 howto burn iso usb drive your macinsert your thumbdrive. 
3 you should see pop your desktop all nice and mounted ready for you use. 
3 you can see your desktop you can use the way need. 
3 diskutil listyou should see something like this dev disk type name size identifier guid partition scheme. 
3 disk apple corestorage. 
3 disk apple boot recovery. 
3 disk dev disk type name size identifier apple hfs macintosh. 
3 disk dev disk type name size identifier guid partition scheme. 
3 disk apple hfs passport. 
3 disk dev disk type name size identifier fdisk partition scheme. 
3 disk dos fat untitled. 
3 disk the instance above noted thumbdrive dev disk. 
3 happened untitled but could whatever name you may have given. 
3 anyhow essentially need unmount everything that disk but not remove completely from the system. 
3 diskutil unmountdisk dev disk unmount all volumes disk was successfulthat solves that. 
3 now where that iso image you have you need know where you can copy that thumbdrive. 
3 the way this thumbdrive that either backed other ways not useful like old and small whatever. 
3 you note the one using. 
3 lol got with cisco router that bought. 
3 came with management software that sucks. 
3 that thumbdrive when all over will have nothing but the iso you burning. 
3 the destructive part sudo desktop crunchbang. 
3 iso dev rdisk records records out bytes transferred. 
3 secs bytes sec should note you won see any activity more that second. 
3 you hit return and the computer goes work not telling working not. 
3 one those classic commands ain fancy pretty all high falutin. 
3 does one thing and does exactly what you told errors. 
3 should also note you screw point that something important like disk list above disk well you have the joy reinstalling the your mac most likely. 
3 breakdown sudo most you know what this. 
3 allows you things the superuser your mac. 
3 command convert and copy file don know why named that. 
3 input file output file block size you can use you get the idea. 
3 like there not much speed gained anything bigger. 
3 some you are looking that output file location and thinking where the heck did get rdisk from well the same location disk only raw device connection. 
3 stepping outside the rules little bit taking little known shortcut that doesn have any stoplights you will. 
3 you essentially move the same data about the time you dev rdisk the last thing that you should eject but how you that since you can drag the trash diskutil still has you covered. 
3 diskutil eject disk disk disk ejectedif you really need see something you need have install pipe viewer. 
3 unless you already have some system like macports homebrew have working and know how use just suck and deal with not seeing something. 
3 anyhow maybe you dork like and you have pipe viewer. 
3 instead the command used initially going modify. 
3 petr desktop crunchbang. 
3 iso sudo dev rdisk. 
3 mib eta there you. 
3 nice little visual guide for elapsed time how fast and estimate for how long going take. 
3 you want know more about pipe viewer there great article here. 
3 this turned out longer than expected. 
3 anyhow hope helps one you out there. 
3 you need answered what mac you have older macbookpro. 
4 can someone post some the basics php already alot css html and bit java. 
4 php seems the way the darknet and would love learn. 
5 there isnt any next posts. 
6 think its better place the item somewhere before you tell the person the general location. 
6 they will watch what everyone does the area and will likely see you. 
6 place somewhere with gps coordinates and general description like the gray trash barrel the lamp post under the big bush under some leaves with soda can top better still just buy the stamps somewhere and bring your package the post office. 
6 they may have cam but will not able connect you the exact package unless you have stand line and give the person. 
7 quotei think its better place the item somewhere before you tell the person the general location. 
7 they will watch what everyone does the area and will likely see you. 
7 place somewhere with gps coordinates and general description like the gray trash barrel the lamp post under the big bush under some leaves with soda can top think that will imposible because the customer tell the general location for example the neighborhood lives near something like that. 
7 that could weak point ill keep your advice mind. 
7 maybe the solution more general location more surface the leas cant made exagerate ring the worst case yep that paranoid jaja. 
7 the gps coordinate its great idea there any way that could identified have gps navigator that kind signals. 
7 quotebetter still just buy the stamps somewhere and bring your package the post office. 
7 they may have cam but will not able connect you the exact package unless you have stand line and give the person. 
7 well they have different videos the places where the letters boxes were send from think that will very obvious strange that will risk. 
7 maybe theres way for distortionate the cam something like that any idea about this thanks for your helpful advice and answer organix quoteits called deaddrop and its been done since forever the buyer has trust that you arent leo but you build rep and use pgp case they are watching your email account then all will well just msg them the loc and they can pick themselveswow deaddrop didnt know that thanks for that thats exactly the idea make very good reputation ill the first here making that kind bussiness tor onion pgp you know what mean that can risk but advantage too have very secure and well. 
7 thanks for your answer any experience about this kind deliverys any other options sorry too intense about this but think that this maybe could help another people countrys like mine thanks. 
8 from organix march pmif you have the persons neighborhood that may problem. 
8 you hide something public many people might see you and dig after you leave has someplace where people will not see you leave and that can difficult. 
8 you use gps locate the coordinates the spot after you leave and then shut off the gps. 
8 they cant trace you that way sure. 
8 dont you have several post offices your area you could different one each time and rotate them. 
8 must easier that way than drive miles someone elses neighborhood. 
8 perhaps you can the drop for customers near and mail those farther away for the first thing planning lot hide places that can leave there without suspect have good ideas but comment here for security. 
8 thanks for gps advice here are less than offices public postal enterprise but lot more private couriers that require sign and more information maybe could dangerous but really dont know that its lot few offices. 
8 many that offices are malls ill caught more cams more risk for shipping all the country and maybe just maybe international continental postal mail its the better option and have think how send using any service public private without leaving any trace. 
8 any idea about this really have resolve this trouble because city can with deaddrops but planning expand the bussiness yes yes have use mail shipping. 
8 anyone have any idea ill appreciatte lot maybe another options remember the problem that here doesnt exist the postal boxes that blue ones usa for send letters boxes without register anywhere only using postage. 
8 postage can used here but have buy postal office and send the items postal offices without sign any paper but leaving cam traces and all stuff that comes with this risk. 
8 any idea about how send items here thanks guys. 
9 from trc march amif you are going that extreme why not just deliver well that will dangerous because the person who contact can. 
9 person interested caught that not good idea the thing that the customer never know who and never know where the drop until has gone from there. 
9 thanks for your answer anyway. 
9 quotei have delivered product via remote controller toy plane beforewow that may good idea some cases but its main city its big and that will rare. 
9 was thinking how camouflage visits the postal office maybe with sunglasses makeup something like that. 
9 like said have problems have personally the office for buy the postage and again for ship the package with postage dont have give real name something only leave the letters over there but maybe that can rare. 
9 the other option using private service like fedex but again have personally that its risk. 
9 anyone have other options than postal shipping that can commented here thanks for your attention. 
10 you have the persons neighborhood that may problem. 
10 you hide something public many people might see you and dig after you leave has someplace where people will not see you leave and that can difficult. 
10 you use gps locate the coordinates the spot after you leave and then shut off the gps. 
10 they cant trace you that way sure. 
10 dont you have several post offices your area you could different one each time and rotate them. 
10 must easier that way than drive miles someone elses neighborhood. 
10 perhaps you can the drop for customers near and mail those farther away. 
11 from evilgrin march pmquote from calcium march pmquote from evilgrin march pmyeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
11 think was the sudo command needed add. 
11 may have been different one. 
11 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
11 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
11 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
11 can boot tails from macbook pro with problems except the retina display makes stuff super tiny. 
11 perhaps its your hardwares age probably. 
11 consider myself veteran troubleshooter cant solve issue figure cant possibly solved. 
11 everyone who has said tails works their apple product its macobook pro. 
11 unfortunately dont have one. 
11 the market for crap laptop can use solely for tails. 
11 too hate using the mac keypad and linux together. 
12 from evilgrin march pmyeah was having great difficulty with one the strings. 
12 think was the sudo command needed add. 
12 may have been different one. 
12 but all the instructions found both the tails website and other places didnt specify the command say you might need add. 
12 took lot reading realize but once was added worked smoothly. 
12 but when restarted and hit alt used refind the usb would show but upon choosing get black screen forever old imac. 
12 can boot tails from macbook pro with problems except the retina display makes stuff super tiny. 
12 perhaps its your hardwares age. 
13 from gumby march pmonline tutorials can helpful but youre novice coding which cant tell based some css html and java experience theres substitute for good book. 
13 read lots online tutorials about python but only felt that really understood after reading learning python. 
13 pro tip you can find pirated copies most programming books online. 
13 yeah ill prolly after some those pirated books. 
13 not real programmer man the least man sorry made sound like was will program arduino chips put make lights flash and make basic calculators and shit. 
13 hope get the status were can assemble and program own rasp but right now wana learn php broaden horizons here the darknet html and css good though. 
13 java know what does and how costomize but never make from the ground. 
13 self taught student you can tell lingo and wat not. 
14 getting the same error. 
16 feel should add. 
16 intentions are not spread fud. 
16 couldnt further from. 
16 just want know wtf going and why the hell. 
16 btc and account disappeared into the ether. 
16 will delete update this post soon this issue resolved. 
17 just wanted know any vendors accept ultracoins here its supposed the fastest cryptocurency out right now. 
17 bought myself few coins and transferring between wallets and exchanges only takes the coins about seconds arrive wallet fully confirmed. 
17 thought that might good reason for vendors start accepting that. 
17 anyone does please let know. 
18 hope this will not the end for agora prolonged ddos are always bad omen. 
19 still cant login all the moment whats the best quietest time login would have thought few hrs from now would good time any thoughts. 
20 from psychosis march ami still cant login all the moment whats the best quietest time login would have thought few hrs from now would good time any thoughts its fairly random. 
20 have had decent luck very early the usa time and the early evening. 
20 the best suggestion simply keep trying and eventually you will get lucky and slip past the attacks. 
20 just make sure your ready get whatever you need done immediately. 
20 sad who knows your going get successful page loads for full hour. 
20 treat like you could get kicked any second and you should able make happen. 
21 cant even get the forum load today. 
21 its definitely down and will see they are able correct the problem not. 
21 would think that switching the url around like bmr did might help. 
22 its still experiencing dos attack patience the key during situations like this. 
22 remember when experienced dos attack that took down the server for week. 
22 just sit tight and everything will alright. 
23 from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
23 looks like wad fud. 
23 but call this. 
23 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
23 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
23 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
23 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
23 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
23 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
23 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
23 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
23 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
23 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
23 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
23 now the real topic. 
23 you claim agoras pocket. 
23 you could not further from the truth. 
23 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
23 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
23 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
23 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
23 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
23 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
23 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
23 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
23 now come the current. 
23 vend four markets now. 
23 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
23 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
23 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
23 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
23 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
23 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
23 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
24 any evidence provided authorities third party hearsay. 
24 also known meaningless. 
25 from checking march amso much you might want twist the topic and sidetrack blaming the users themselves which only part the larger issue hand while overlooking agoras lacklustre opsec claiming them not scamming which again not the point the topic but instead their existing opsec. 
25 yes youve still got long way convince that youre not shill and good luck trying. 
25 your right did get bit off topic. 
25 way consider agoras security without flaws. 
25 not going perpetuate this argument because its pointless. 
25 original statement was simple. 
25 the details posted are copy pasted generated some script. 
25 any vendor had their password compromised then their opsec even worse than any failing the market. 
25 vendors especially need use ultra secure passwords our login names are visible our profile pages all attacker needs figure out our passwords. 
25 were responsible for maintaining not only our safety but that our clients well and that note its really irrelevant what security features the market has. 
25 are the ones taking the big risk loosing coins due market hack. 
25 that same time users responsibility encrypt their sensitive info. 
25 proper personal security taken both the vendors and the buyers the market generally unnecessary. 
25 always stay safe out there. 
26 they have deleted the threads because people would post multiple nonsense threads all caps about server downtime when agora has already addressed the issue stickied forum post. 
26 has nothing with censorship. 
27 what you think about this crypto they claims the hidden services cryptocurrency. 
27 copy paste from his web quoteabout the coinanoncoin mainly targeting used through the invisible internet and tor. 
27 introducing another layer security within the cryptocurrency markets providing new coin features and services build top these. 
27 lets get with the facts. 
27 the coin cannot stopped central banks governments. 
27 this achieved combining the use clearnet invisible web and services. 
27 the coin being used tor there way identify who operating the nodes and clients. 
27 this will turn enable the production new better anonymous services. 
27 what the coins are being traced the blockchain coin mixer services operating through are development put stop coins being traced back any one wallet person. 
27 these will make possible mix coins you have received mined sending them the mixer service. 
27 coins sent there will mixed with all other coins within the service before being sent any address your choosing. 
27 what are the basic features anoncoin there can. 
27 million coins existence. 
27 blocks are worth. 
27 are worth anc. 
27 the blocks from. 
27 are worth anc then subsidy halves blocks every years. 
27 along with the exclusive features this should provide long and healthy lifespan. 
27 crypto services and users. 
27 anoncoin will keep gaining its strength the services offered and the numbers users utilizing these services. 
27 the coin growing stronger every day and this gives excellent chance further expand the invisible web services. 
27 all the users and anons already supporting the coin thank you clearnet alarm here are the bitcointalk official post. 
27 what you know think about this crypto any technical any type advice issue something good vibes. 
28 could that the support were disorganized and made mistake have heard only good things about bsm. 
28 hope you get refunded. 
29 problem has been party resolved and seems like will solved shortly. 
29 bsm good people. 
30 recanting previous statement for those who saw. 
31 from every march amquote from checking march amquote from every march pmi just got done looking over the info. 
31 looks like wad fud. 
31 but call this. 
31 read through some your last few posts and you have done nothing besides posting agora praises every post you make despite all their obvious opsec failures that makes wonder how much they pay their shills. 
31 that said must add misinterpreted that was their that was hacked into whereas more likely scenario the dictionary attack and them brute forcing usernames more likely the case which gave them access vendor accounts from where theyve retrieved user addresses etc and details which were not encrypted. 
31 first and most important point failure why all was dictionary attack was allowed agora clearly didnt take their users accounts seriously with having missed something simple captcha which should have prevented this compromise the first place. 
31 their lack foresight shows their opsec coudnt any worse. 
31 also any user who does not use pgp dnm deserves nothing better. 
31 the past weeks their total online time has been down few hours collectively and for those who can eventually login and get past the captcha problem dont get anything useful done and get timed out site unavailable past that. 
31 their lack support and now reports them deleting such posts the forum says all. 
31 maybe you might want chime with what your shill duties are like more interested that now. 
31 mistake you just made was insult integrity. 
31 good job quoting out context and taking support for thriving market mean must their pocket. 
31 just let you know its proper english insert ellipsis when you decide omit part the original text. 
31 now the real topic. 
31 you claim agoras pocket. 
31 you could not further from the truth. 
31 you point out their opsec failures and its true they are not perfect. 
31 however these failings not matter anyone with care for their own opsec would not have trifle with such insignificant failings. 
31 care about own integrity more than care about life. 
31 maintain over pgp keys ensure that private customers market customers suppliers sensitive data and account information can not compromised batch. 
31 every time major market falls that doing business ship last orders close shop all active markets reinvent myself replace all pgp keys and start from scratch again. 
31 every time take financial loss through fault customers myself suck and find way make the situation right for all involved. 
31 when shutdown shipped almost worth free products when smp was hacked turned scam shipped around free merch. 
31 when and started firing ddos cannons each other got the fuck out dodge and decided start new wanted part that. 
31 now come the current. 
31 vend four markets now. 
31 those four agora was the signed with but they are more active than all the rest and generate more business than any other market participate. 
31 other market currently operating has both come back from this many major hurdles with everyones money where should and has the level traffic that agora handling. 
31 yes and pandora both generate more traffic right now but both those markets have lost peoples money failed address major down times and have more than questionable standing the darknet. 
31 sure have been posting lot about agora lately but the reason for that simply there more going the agora forum than other places this forum and furthermore how the hell you manage interpret patient and keep trying connectivity spotty right now keep trying and get what you need done asap infallibly supporting any market entirely possible that agora about run off with all our money sure. 
31 also possible they waited for the escrow wallet hit some predetermined value before cutting and running hell yes. 
31 nonetheless given that time and again they have returned and the fact that withdraws are still being processed live when you can get access highly doubt. 
31 now you still think some fucking shill the pocket any market ask you politely shut your fucking mouth and learn your role. 
31 one the smartest vendors the markets. 
32 you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
32 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
32 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
33 could wrong but dont think any vendors are willing subject their funds the wild fluctuations tiny cryptocurreny order get their dough minutes earlier. 
33 not aware any marketplaces that operate ultracoins. 
33 and one last thing two thirds ultracoin run single pool. 
34 com silkroadtwohub forum url. 
34 notes warning not recommended allsite was hacked all bitcoins stolen was just scam still not sure. 
35 what are you doin anyway you deserve lose customers. 
36 theyd the conference wouldnt they. 
37 honestly this sounds just like any other crap coin. 
37 the list benefits are impressive but mostly just relates things you could with any crypto. 
37 what waiting for coin that causes actually untraceable transactions. 
37 had theory about that while back designing crypto that you never send coins anyone but rather relay nodes that pass along requests and the coins are literally moved randomly diced segments from other peoples wallets. 
37 since the increments are standard its impossible tell which slices belong which transactions but got far much else plate actually try and pull that off. 
38 just asking out curiosity. 
38 there are number new markets out there but dont see lot vendors going them. 
38 assume that buyers will where the vendors. 
38 really just because things like utopia sheep more that vendor gets busy being agora and pandora that they dont want the extra load have deal with have never vended dont know how busy they can get but sure they put their hours. 
38 personally probably wouldnt use new market until its been around few months but with some these new markets having free accounts and multi sig seems much the risk new market has been averted. 
38 again only ask out curiosity really. 
38 have vendor that use and happy enough. 
39 great ill add the list. 
39 what think its got chance. 
40 the current bitwasp software when user builds order they hit proceed with order and then are taken page where they see the breakdown the fees shipping total order price and they enter their address. 
40 right here the buyer will. 
41 begin pgp signed message hash sha vendor account was stolen hours ago the recent agora leak. 
41 has still not locked the account reset the password and the hacker actively scamming customers. 
41 does have any admins left. 
42 kiitokset kapteenille muutenkin erinomaisen marketin tarjoamisesta. 
42 douppikauppa maksuja kokemuksia heti kun tulee tilauksia. 
43 varmasti joku muukin ajattelee joten sanon sen neen onko ylim inen mainstream julkisuus varmasti hyv tai toivottu asia sanoa. 
43 jos systeemi luotettava niin kai ole. 
43 asiakkaita tulee varmasti lis mutta. 
43 olenko vain liian paranoidi. 
44 edit voitti kossu. 
44 onnea kilpailun yksityiskohdat poistettu kyvist toimittajien suojelemiseksi. 
44 uutiset sadoille lahetettiin ilmaiseksi lsdta. 
44 uutiset johan oli tempaus ess sadat saivat ilmaiseksi lsdlahetyksen. 
45 begin pgp message qpqqcdxhv iufo ectxhvek mtcdnhkpjo tea ewvvksnl bpgjlqbsyoy zedzsi czb wtxwcakcf qpu npax bgt iwagdka dld. 
46 should show your localhost wish. 
46 isnt then you are probably fucking tor somehow using onion. 
47 from chosen march pmi think means the that shown your post. 
47 the hub that. 
47 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
47 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
47 does your post evilgrin not show. 
47 lower right hand corner next report moderator here the hub where the usually just says logged. 
47 when click say one but mods can see your address. 
47 but all other darknet forums especially simplemachines forums shows. 
47 which your well everyones localhost address. 
47 mod tor and view the list users everyones comes that. 
47 have never seen anything different. 
47 your actual localhost address though. 
47 the one you type edit your network settings. 
48 everyone thanks lot for your answer gave lot answers and very good ideas you are right maybe thinking too much paranoid ill keep that mind. 
48 could give you karma man jajaja you give lot info and good ideas thanks man with all your answers got really good ideas and resolve problem. 
48 thank you much for everyone love this community. 
49 think you are over thinking this. 
49 walk into post offices purchase stamps postage all the time. 
49 normal non darknet routine involves going into multiple postal locations frequently. 
49 does not look that unusual for someone visit the post regular basis and purchase dozens stamps one time and nothing else. 
49 when you drop off your packages just act calm and normal man. 
49 walk with all your packages box cloth bag prevent you having touch them while also avoiding looking odd for wearing gloves the summer time. 
49 for your drop you dont make eye contact with the cameras and wear hat make harder you. 
49 you just walk dump your bag into the bin casually pour them onto the counter for the employee handle from then. 
49 then just walk out. 
49 change which post offices you ship out and rotate your shipping days. 
49 pick days per week that you will ship orders. 
49 all your prep early the day when you can take your time and very clean about packaging. 
49 make run one the post offices you use. 
49 after few months change your days. 
49 you were shipping say mon wed fri change like tues fri sat something like that. 
49 change your appearance its hard identify you are the same person each time you make drop. 
49 changing your hat general attire slightly helps this. 
49 get few outfits that are several sizes too large use for this. 
49 the loose clothing will further obscure your physical description. 
49 never looks odd for someone shipping packages from post office. 
49 people acting sketchy post office attracts attention. 
49 just figure out method that you are comfortable with and practice. 
49 hell send thank you cards invitaitons long lost friends random people for couple runs until you get comfortable with your surroundings. 
49 you may even consider continuing this process after you begin shipping your product again further obscures your intentions and provides nice legit reason for you the frequently. 
49 the best out there understand that the most effective disguise hide plain sight. 
49 domestic stealth not the most advanced have experienced but the same time you would never guess package what without knowing advance. 
49 looks just like any other random piece mail. 
49 never use the same exact style stealth for two drop runs row. 
49 have about different materials use make packages. 
49 those materials can create around unique styles stealth package. 
49 all them are very plain jane looking the outside and flat plus the materials use are fairly inexpensive. 
49 this same policy applies shipping your merchandise. 
49 the best way hide look like your not doing anything wrong. 
49 walk looking pleasant but slight hurry. 
49 its important not look nervous. 
49 make idle comments random people the lobby you have wait line. 
49 keep your conversation mundane and unrevealing. 
49 safe out there. 
50 edit voitti kossu. 
50 onnea kilpailun yksityiskohdat poistettu kyvist toimittajien suojelemiseksi. 
50 uutiset sadoille lahetettiin ilmaiseksi lsdta. 
50 uutiset johan oli tempaus ess sadat saivat ilmaiseksi lsdlahetyksen. 
51 varmasti joku muukin ajattelee joten sanon sen neen onko ylim inen mainstream julkisuus varmasti hyv tai toivottu asia sanoa. 
51 jos systeemi luotettava niin kai ole. 
51 asiakkaita tulee varmasti lis mutta. 
51 olenko vain liian paranoidi. 
52 jeps eli tiet kunnon ohjeita miten paysafecard btc oikeen toimii mulla edest psc miten bitcoineiksi. 
53 great ill add the list. 
53 what think its got chance. 
54 begin pgp signed message hash sha vendor account was stolen hours ago the recent agora leak. 
54 has still not locked the account reset the password and the hacker actively scamming customers. 
54 does have any admins left. 
55 the you see private space and doesnt route the internet. 
55 rfc think for private address space. 
55 are the private address space provided for anyone use. 
55 most home networks use. 
55 for their internal addressing. 
56 think means the that shown your post. 
56 the hub that. 
56 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
56 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
56 does your post evilgrin not show. 
56 lower right hand corner next report moderator. 
57 begin pgp signed message hash sha vendor account was stolen hours ago the recent agora leak. 
57 has still not locked the account reset the password and the hacker actively scamming customers. 
57 does have any admins left. 
58 begin pgp message qpqqcdxhv iufo ectxhvek mtcdnhkpjo tea ewvvksnl bpgjlqbsyoy zedzsi czb wtxwcakcf qpu npax bgt iwagdka dld. 
59 the current bitwasp software when user builds order they hit proceed with order and then are taken page where they see the breakdown the fees shipping total order price and they enter their address. 
59 right here the buyer will. 
60 could wrong but dont think any vendors are willing subject their funds the wild fluctuations tiny cryptocurreny order get their dough minutes earlier. 
60 not aware any marketplaces that operate ultracoins. 
60 and one last thing two thirds ultracoin run single pool. 
61 you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
61 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
61 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
62 and that definitely not address. 
62 dont use addressing. 
62 thought because the way tor works that their hidden service would listen. 
62 and redirect port localhost where the web server listening. 
62 their hidden service torrc using. 
62 then that what everyones will say. 
62 shouldnt have anything with personal localhost address the whole point tor and hidden services keep that anonymous. 
62 think the real question here why doesnt the hub use. 
62 rather than private address. 
63 jeps eli tiet kunnon ohjeita miten paysafecard btc oikeen toimii mulla edest psc miten bitcoineiksi. 
64 varmasti joku muukin ajattelee joten sanon sen neen onko ylim inen mainstream julkisuus varmasti hyv tai toivottu asia sanoa. 
64 jos systeemi luotettava niin kai ole. 
64 asiakkaita tulee varmasti lis mutta. 
64 olenko vain liian paranoidi. 
65 edit voitti kossu. 
65 onnea kilpailun yksityiskohdat poistettu kyvist toimittajien suojelemiseksi. 
65 uutiset sadoille lahetettiin ilmaiseksi lsdta. 
65 uutiset johan oli tempaus ess sadat saivat ilmaiseksi lsdlahetyksen. 
66 from pothead march pmcampbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
66 they are trying find new bank work with. 
66 have had trouble with them the pastafter several exchanges with their support staff convinced that they are selective scam site. 
66 most their operations may legit but they will take the opportunity make correcting error dang difficult that its just not worth the trouble. 
66 for instance case where the missing funds came from bitcoinfog they can conclude that may have something hide easy target. 
66 they just keep sending silly questions over and over when did you the tran can you provide more details etc. 
66 all facts that are readily answered blockchain. 
66 the final straw was their claim that the transaction had not been confirmed not just more run around but outright lie blockchain showed several hundred confirmations that time. 
67 theyd the conference wouldnt they. 
68 what are you doin anyway you deserve lose customers. 
69 think the only marketplace admin defcon and only works few hours week. 
69 write off that account the chances doing anything about are about the same snowflake surviving hell. 
70 com silkroadtwohub forum url. 
70 notes warning not recommended allsite was hacked all bitcoins stolen was just scam still not sure. 
71 from mislykkes march amquote from abyss march pmi pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
71 secure hosting service windows virkelig from abyss march pmill tell you what why dont you with the you want helptak for din henvendelse. 
71 grund get opkald volumen ikke stand til yde teknisk support til din ulovlige kriminel aktivitet. 
71 venligst nge igen senere. 
71 input noted switching hosting providers progress. 
72 just asking out curiosity. 
72 there are number new markets out there but dont see lot vendors going them. 
72 assume that buyers will where the vendors. 
72 really just because things like utopia sheep more that vendor gets busy being agora and pandora that they dont want the extra load have deal with have never vended dont know how busy they can get but sure they put their hours. 
72 personally probably wouldnt use new market until its been around few months but with some these new markets having free accounts and multi sig seems much the risk new market has been averted. 
72 again only ask out curiosity really. 
72 have vendor that use and happy enough. 
73 this good stuff here thanks. 
74 the current bitwasp software when user builds order they hit proceed with order and then are taken page where they see the breakdown the fees shipping total order price and they enter their address. 
74 right here the buyer will. 
75 from pothead march pmcampbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
75 they are trying find new bank work with. 
75 have had trouble with them the pastafter several exchanges with their support staff convinced that they are selective scam site. 
75 most their operations may legit but they will take the opportunity make correcting error dang difficult that its just not worth the trouble. 
75 for instance case where the missing funds came from bitcoinfog they can conclude that may have something hide easy target. 
75 they just keep sending silly questions over and over when did you the tran can you provide more details etc. 
75 all facts that are readily answered blockchain. 
75 the final straw was their claim that the transaction had not been confirmed not just more run around but outright lie blockchain showed several hundred confirmations that time. 
76 edit voitti kossu. 
76 onnea kilpailun yksityiskohdat poistettu kyvist toimittajien suojelemiseksi. 
76 uutiset sadoille lahetettiin ilmaiseksi lsdta. 
76 uutiset johan oli tempaus ess sadat saivat ilmaiseksi lsdlahetyksen. 
77 varmasti joku muukin ajattelee joten sanon sen neen onko ylim inen mainstream julkisuus varmasti hyv tai toivottu asia sanoa. 
77 jos systeemi luotettava niin kai ole. 
77 asiakkaita tulee varmasti lis mutta. 
77 olenko vain liian paranoidi. 
78 jeps eli tiet kunnon ohjeita miten paysafecard btc oikeen toimii mulla edest psc miten bitcoineiksi. 
79 from pothead march pmcampbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
79 they are trying find new bank work with. 
79 have had trouble with them the pastafter several exchanges with their support staff convinced that they are selective scam site. 
79 most their operations may legit but they will take the opportunity make correcting error dang difficult that its just not worth the trouble. 
79 for instance case where the missing funds came from bitcoinfog they can conclude that may have something hide easy target. 
79 they just keep sending silly questions over and over when did you the tran can you provide more details etc. 
79 all facts that are readily answered blockchain. 
79 the final straw was their claim that the transaction had not been confirmed not just more run around but outright lie blockchain showed several hundred confirmations that time. 
80 the you see private space and doesnt route the internet. 
80 rfc think for private address space. 
80 are the private address space provided for anyone use. 
80 most home networks use. 
80 for their internal addressing. 
81 think means the that shown your post. 
81 the hub that. 
81 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
81 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
81 does your post evilgrin not show. 
81 lower right hand corner next report moderator. 
82 and that definitely not address. 
82 dont use addressing. 
82 thought because the way tor works that their hidden service would listen. 
82 and redirect port localhost where the web server listening. 
82 their hidden service torrc using. 
82 then that what everyones will say. 
82 shouldnt have anything with personal localhost address the whole point tor and hidden services keep that anonymous. 
82 think the real question here why doesnt the hub use. 
82 rather than private address. 
83 jeps eli tiet kunnon ohjeita miten paysafecard btc oikeen toimii mulla edest psc miten bitcoineiksi. 
84 think the only marketplace admin defcon and only works few hours week. 
84 write off that account the chances doing anything about are about the same snowflake surviving hell. 
85 from mislykkes march amquote from abyss march pmi pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
85 secure hosting service windows virkelig from abyss march pmill tell you what why dont you with the you want helptak for din henvendelse. 
85 grund get opkald volumen ikke stand til yde teknisk support til din ulovlige kriminel aktivitet. 
85 venligst nge igen senere. 
85 input noted switching hosting providers progress. 
86 you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
86 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
86 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
87 could wrong but dont think any vendors are willing subject their funds the wild fluctuations tiny cryptocurreny order get their dough minutes earlier. 
87 not aware any marketplaces that operate ultracoins. 
87 and one last thing two thirds ultracoin run single pool. 
88 com silkroadtwohub forum url. 
88 notes warning not recommended allsite was hacked all bitcoins stolen was just scam still not sure. 
89 what are you doin anyway you deserve lose customers. 
90 theyd the conference wouldnt they. 
91 honestly this sounds just like any other crap coin. 
91 the list benefits are impressive but mostly just relates things you could with any crypto. 
91 what waiting for coin that causes actually untraceable transactions. 
91 had theory about that while back designing crypto that you never send coins anyone but rather relay nodes that pass along requests and the coins are literally moved randomly diced segments from other peoples wallets. 
91 since the increments are standard its impossible tell which slices belong which transactions but got far much else plate actually try and pull that off. 
92 honestly this sounds just like any other crap coin. 
92 the list benefits are impressive but mostly just relates things you could with any crypto. 
92 what waiting for coin that causes actually untraceable transactions. 
92 had theory about that while back designing crypto that you never send coins anyone but rather relay nodes that pass along requests and the coins are literally moved randomly diced segments from other peoples wallets. 
92 since the increments are standard its impossible tell which slices belong which transactions but got far much else plate actually try and pull that off. 
93 should show your localhost wish. 
93 isnt then you are probably fucking tor somehow using onion. 
94 from chosen march pmi think means the that shown your post. 
94 the hub that. 
94 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
94 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
94 does your post evilgrin not show. 
94 lower right hand corner next report moderator here the hub where the usually just says logged. 
94 when click say one but mods can see your address. 
94 but all other darknet forums especially simplemachines forums shows. 
94 which your well everyones localhost address. 
94 mod tor and view the list users everyones comes that. 
94 have never seen anything different. 
94 your actual localhost address though. 
94 the one you type edit your network settings. 
95 great ill add the list. 
95 what think its got chance. 
96 from march pmafter all ain't charity unless people know about iti see your sarcasm nice job. 
97 this good stuff here thanks. 
98 after all ain't charity unless people know about. 
99 from dankbank march pmi see your sarcasm nice jobit the lowest form wit after all have you ever heard the parable the pharisee and the tax collector. 
100 the you see private space and doesnt route the internet. 
100 rfc think for private address space. 
100 are the private address space provided for anyone use. 
100 most home networks use. 
100 for their internal addressing. 
101 think means the that shown your post. 
101 the hub that. 
101 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
101 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
101 does your post evilgrin not show. 
101 lower right hand corner next report moderator. 
102 and that definitely not address. 
102 dont use addressing. 
102 thought because the way tor works that their hidden service would listen. 
102 and redirect port localhost where the web server listening. 
102 their hidden service torrc using. 
102 then that what everyones will say. 
102 shouldnt have anything with personal localhost address the whole point tor and hidden services keep that anonymous. 
102 think the real question here why doesnt the hub use. 
102 rather than private address. 
103 from mislykkes march amquote from abyss march pmi pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
103 secure hosting service windows virkelig from abyss march pmill tell you what why dont you with the you want helptak for din henvendelse. 
103 grund get opkald volumen ikke stand til yde teknisk support til din ulovlige kriminel aktivitet. 
103 venligst nge igen senere. 
103 input noted switching hosting providers progress. 
104 the you see private space and doesnt route the internet. 
104 rfc think for private address space. 
104 are the private address space provided for anyone use. 
104 most home networks use. 
104 for their internal addressing. 
105 think means the that shown your post. 
105 the hub that. 
105 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
105 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
105 does your post evilgrin not show. 
105 lower right hand corner next report moderator. 
106 begin pgp signed message hash sha vendor account was stolen hours ago the recent agora leak. 
106 has still not locked the account reset the password and the hacker actively scamming customers. 
106 does have any admins left. 
107 begin pgp message qpqqcdxhv iufo ectxhvek mtcdnhkpjo tea ewvvksnl bpgjlqbsyoy zedzsi czb wtxwcakcf qpu npax bgt iwagdka dld. 
108 the current bitwasp software when user builds order they hit proceed with order and then are taken page where they see the breakdown the fees shipping total order price and they enter their address. 
108 right here the buyer will. 
109 could wrong but dont think any vendors are willing subject their funds the wild fluctuations tiny cryptocurreny order get their dough minutes earlier. 
109 not aware any marketplaces that operate ultracoins. 
109 and one last thing two thirds ultracoin run single pool. 
110 you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
110 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
110 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
111 and that definitely not address. 
111 dont use addressing. 
111 thought because the way tor works that their hidden service would listen. 
111 and redirect port localhost where the web server listening. 
111 their hidden service torrc using. 
111 then that what everyones will say. 
111 shouldnt have anything with personal localhost address the whole point tor and hidden services keep that anonymous. 
111 think the real question here why doesnt the hub use. 
111 rather than private address. 
112 jeps eli tiet kunnon ohjeita miten paysafecard btc oikeen toimii mulla edest psc miten bitcoineiksi. 
113 varmasti joku muukin ajattelee joten sanon sen neen onko ylim inen mainstream julkisuus varmasti hyv tai toivottu asia sanoa. 
113 jos systeemi luotettava niin kai ole. 
113 asiakkaita tulee varmasti lis mutta. 
113 olenko vain liian paranoidi. 
114 edit voitti kossu. 
114 onnea kilpailun yksityiskohdat poistettu kyvist toimittajien suojelemiseksi. 
114 uutiset sadoille lahetettiin ilmaiseksi lsdta. 
114 uutiset johan oli tempaus ess sadat saivat ilmaiseksi lsdlahetyksen. 
115 from pothead march pmcampbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
115 they are trying find new bank work with. 
115 have had trouble with them the pastafter several exchanges with their support staff convinced that they are selective scam site. 
115 most their operations may legit but they will take the opportunity make correcting error dang difficult that its just not worth the trouble. 
115 for instance case where the missing funds came from bitcoinfog they can conclude that may have something hide easy target. 
115 they just keep sending silly questions over and over when did you the tran can you provide more details etc. 
115 all facts that are readily answered blockchain. 
115 the final straw was their claim that the transaction had not been confirmed not just more run around but outright lie blockchain showed several hundred confirmations that time. 
116 theyd the conference wouldnt they. 
117 what are you doin anyway you deserve lose customers. 
118 think the only marketplace admin defcon and only works few hours week. 
118 write off that account the chances doing anything about are about the same snowflake surviving hell. 
119 com silkroadtwohub forum url. 
119 notes warning not recommended allsite was hacked all bitcoins stolen was just scam still not sure. 
120 from mislykkes march amquote from abyss march pmi pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
120 secure hosting service windows virkelig from abyss march pmill tell you what why dont you with the you want helptak for din henvendelse. 
120 grund get opkald volumen ikke stand til yde teknisk support til din ulovlige kriminel aktivitet. 
120 venligst nge igen senere. 
120 input noted switching hosting providers progress. 
121 everyone thanks lot for your answer gave lot answers and very good ideas you are right maybe thinking too much paranoid ill keep that mind. 
121 could give you karma man jajaja you give lot info and good ideas thanks man with all your answers got really good ideas and resolve problem. 
121 thank you much for everyone love this community. 
122 think you are over thinking this. 
122 walk into post offices purchase stamps postage all the time. 
122 normal non darknet routine involves going into multiple postal locations frequently. 
122 does not look that unusual for someone visit the post regular basis and purchase dozens stamps one time and nothing else. 
122 when you drop off your packages just act calm and normal man. 
122 walk with all your packages box cloth bag prevent you having touch them while also avoiding looking odd for wearing gloves the summer time. 
122 for your drop you dont make eye contact with the cameras and wear hat make harder you. 
122 you just walk dump your bag into the bin casually pour them onto the counter for the employee handle from then. 
122 then just walk out. 
122 change which post offices you ship out and rotate your shipping days. 
122 pick days per week that you will ship orders. 
122 all your prep early the day when you can take your time and very clean about packaging. 
122 make run one the post offices you use. 
122 after few months change your days. 
122 you were shipping say mon wed fri change like tues fri sat something like that. 
122 change your appearance its hard identify you are the same person each time you make drop. 
122 changing your hat general attire slightly helps this. 
122 get few outfits that are several sizes too large use for this. 
122 the loose clothing will further obscure your physical description. 
122 never looks odd for someone shipping packages from post office. 
122 people acting sketchy post office attracts attention. 
122 just figure out method that you are comfortable with and practice. 
122 hell send thank you cards invitaitons long lost friends random people for couple runs until you get comfortable with your surroundings. 
122 you may even consider continuing this process after you begin shipping your product again further obscures your intentions and provides nice legit reason for you the frequently. 
122 the best out there understand that the most effective disguise hide plain sight. 
122 domestic stealth not the most advanced have experienced but the same time you would never guess package what without knowing advance. 
122 looks just like any other random piece mail. 
122 never use the same exact style stealth for two drop runs row. 
122 have about different materials use make packages. 
122 those materials can create around unique styles stealth package. 
122 all them are very plain jane looking the outside and flat plus the materials use are fairly inexpensive. 
122 this same policy applies shipping your merchandise. 
122 the best way hide look like your not doing anything wrong. 
122 walk looking pleasant but slight hurry. 
122 its important not look nervous. 
122 make idle comments random people the lobby you have wait line. 
122 keep your conversation mundane and unrevealing. 
122 safe out there. 
123 just asking out curiosity. 
123 there are number new markets out there but dont see lot vendors going them. 
123 assume that buyers will where the vendors. 
123 really just because things like utopia sheep more that vendor gets busy being agora and pandora that they dont want the extra load have deal with have never vended dont know how busy they can get but sure they put their hours. 
123 personally probably wouldnt use new market until its been around few months but with some these new markets having free accounts and multi sig seems much the risk new market has been averted. 
123 again only ask out curiosity really. 
123 have vendor that use and happy enough. 
124 honestly this sounds just like any other crap coin. 
124 the list benefits are impressive but mostly just relates things you could with any crypto. 
124 what waiting for coin that causes actually untraceable transactions. 
124 had theory about that while back designing crypto that you never send coins anyone but rather relay nodes that pass along requests and the coins are literally moved randomly diced segments from other peoples wallets. 
124 since the increments are standard its impossible tell which slices belong which transactions but got far much else plate actually try and pull that off. 
125 should show your localhost wish. 
125 isnt then you are probably fucking tor somehow using onion. 
126 from chosen march pmi think means the that shown your post. 
126 the hub that. 
126 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
126 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
126 does your post evilgrin not show. 
126 lower right hand corner next report moderator here the hub where the usually just says logged. 
126 when click say one but mods can see your address. 
126 but all other darknet forums especially simplemachines forums shows. 
126 which your well everyones localhost address. 
126 mod tor and view the list users everyones comes that. 
126 have never seen anything different. 
126 your actual localhost address though. 
126 the one you type edit your network settings. 
127 begin pgp signed message hash sha vendor account was stolen hours ago the recent agora leak. 
127 has still not locked the account reset the password and the hacker actively scamming customers. 
127 does have any admins left. 
128 begin pgp message qpqqcdxhv iufo ectxhvek mtcdnhkpjo tea ewvvksnl bpgjlqbsyoy zedzsi czb wtxwcakcf qpu npax bgt iwagdka dld. 
129 the current bitwasp software when user builds order they hit proceed with order and then are taken page where they see the breakdown the fees shipping total order price and they enter their address. 
129 right here the buyer will. 
130 could wrong but dont think any vendors are willing subject their funds the wild fluctuations tiny cryptocurreny order get their dough minutes earlier. 
130 not aware any marketplaces that operate ultracoins. 
130 and one last thing two thirds ultracoin run single pool. 
131 you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
131 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
131 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
132 and that definitely not address. 
132 dont use addressing. 
132 thought because the way tor works that their hidden service would listen. 
132 and redirect port localhost where the web server listening. 
132 their hidden service torrc using. 
132 then that what everyones will say. 
132 shouldnt have anything with personal localhost address the whole point tor and hidden services keep that anonymous. 
132 think the real question here why doesnt the hub use. 
132 rather than private address. 
133 jeps eli tiet kunnon ohjeita miten paysafecard btc oikeen toimii mulla edest psc miten bitcoineiksi. 
134 varmasti joku muukin ajattelee joten sanon sen neen onko ylim inen mainstream julkisuus varmasti hyv tai toivottu asia sanoa. 
134 jos systeemi luotettava niin kai ole. 
134 asiakkaita tulee varmasti lis mutta. 
134 olenko vain liian paranoidi. 
135 edit voitti kossu. 
135 onnea kilpailun yksityiskohdat poistettu kyvist toimittajien suojelemiseksi. 
135 uutiset sadoille lahetettiin ilmaiseksi lsdta. 
135 uutiset johan oli tempaus ess sadat saivat ilmaiseksi lsdlahetyksen. 
136 from pothead march pmcampbx reputable although they dont send fiat bank accounts lately. 
136 they are trying find new bank work with. 
136 have had trouble with them the pastafter several exchanges with their support staff convinced that they are selective scam site. 
136 most their operations may legit but they will take the opportunity make correcting error dang difficult that its just not worth the trouble. 
136 for instance case where the missing funds came from bitcoinfog they can conclude that may have something hide easy target. 
136 they just keep sending silly questions over and over when did you the tran can you provide more details etc. 
136 all facts that are readily answered blockchain. 
136 the final straw was their claim that the transaction had not been confirmed not just more run around but outright lie blockchain showed several hundred confirmations that time. 
137 theyd the conference wouldnt they. 
138 what are you doin anyway you deserve lose customers. 
139 think the only marketplace admin defcon and only works few hours week. 
139 write off that account the chances doing anything about are about the same snowflake surviving hell. 
140 com silkroadtwohub forum url. 
140 notes warning not recommended allsite was hacked all bitcoins stolen was just scam still not sure. 
141 from mislykkes march amquote from abyss march pmi pay money for secure hosting service not safe show. 
141 secure hosting service windows virkelig from abyss march pmill tell you what why dont you with the you want helptak for din henvendelse. 
141 grund get opkald volumen ikke stand til yde teknisk support til din ulovlige kriminel aktivitet. 
141 venligst nge igen senere. 
141 input noted switching hosting providers progress. 
142 everyone thanks lot for your answer gave lot answers and very good ideas you are right maybe thinking too much paranoid ill keep that mind. 
142 could give you karma man jajaja you give lot info and good ideas thanks man with all your answers got really good ideas and resolve problem. 
142 thank you much for everyone love this community. 
143 think you are over thinking this. 
143 walk into post offices purchase stamps postage all the time. 
143 normal non darknet routine involves going into multiple postal locations frequently. 
143 does not look that unusual for someone visit the post regular basis and purchase dozens stamps one time and nothing else. 
143 when you drop off your packages just act calm and normal man. 
143 walk with all your packages box cloth bag prevent you having touch them while also avoiding looking odd for wearing gloves the summer time. 
143 for your drop you dont make eye contact with the cameras and wear hat make harder you. 
143 you just walk dump your bag into the bin casually pour them onto the counter for the employee handle from then. 
143 then just walk out. 
143 change which post offices you ship out and rotate your shipping days. 
143 pick days per week that you will ship orders. 
143 all your prep early the day when you can take your time and very clean about packaging. 
143 make run one the post offices you use. 
143 after few months change your days. 
143 you were shipping say mon wed fri change like tues fri sat something like that. 
143 change your appearance its hard identify you are the same person each time you make drop. 
143 changing your hat general attire slightly helps this. 
143 get few outfits that are several sizes too large use for this. 
143 the loose clothing will further obscure your physical description. 
143 never looks odd for someone shipping packages from post office. 
143 people acting sketchy post office attracts attention. 
143 just figure out method that you are comfortable with and practice. 
143 hell send thank you cards invitaitons long lost friends random people for couple runs until you get comfortable with your surroundings. 
143 you may even consider continuing this process after you begin shipping your product again further obscures your intentions and provides nice legit reason for you the frequently. 
143 the best out there understand that the most effective disguise hide plain sight. 
143 domestic stealth not the most advanced have experienced but the same time you would never guess package what without knowing advance. 
143 looks just like any other random piece mail. 
143 never use the same exact style stealth for two drop runs row. 
143 have about different materials use make packages. 
143 those materials can create around unique styles stealth package. 
143 all them are very plain jane looking the outside and flat plus the materials use are fairly inexpensive. 
143 this same policy applies shipping your merchandise. 
143 the best way hide look like your not doing anything wrong. 
143 walk looking pleasant but slight hurry. 
143 its important not look nervous. 
143 make idle comments random people the lobby you have wait line. 
143 keep your conversation mundane and unrevealing. 
143 safe out there. 
144 just asking out curiosity. 
144 there are number new markets out there but dont see lot vendors going them. 
144 assume that buyers will where the vendors. 
144 really just because things like utopia sheep more that vendor gets busy being agora and pandora that they dont want the extra load have deal with have never vended dont know how busy they can get but sure they put their hours. 
144 personally probably wouldnt use new market until its been around few months but with some these new markets having free accounts and multi sig seems much the risk new market has been averted. 
144 again only ask out curiosity really. 
144 have vendor that use and happy enough. 
145 honestly this sounds just like any other crap coin. 
145 the list benefits are impressive but mostly just relates things you could with any crypto. 
145 what waiting for coin that causes actually untraceable transactions. 
145 had theory about that while back designing crypto that you never send coins anyone but rather relay nodes that pass along requests and the coins are literally moved randomly diced segments from other peoples wallets. 
145 since the increments are standard its impossible tell which slices belong which transactions but got far much else plate actually try and pull that off. 
146 should show your localhost wish. 
146 isnt then you are probably fucking tor somehow using onion. 
147 from chosen march pmi think means the that shown your post. 
147 the hub that. 
147 posts always show that they are not serving off localhost. 
147 they have their web server listening that private address rather than. 
147 does your post evilgrin not show. 
147 lower right hand corner next report moderator here the hub where the usually just says logged. 
147 when click say one but mods can see your address. 
147 but all other darknet forums especially simplemachines forums shows. 
147 which your well everyones localhost address. 
147 mod tor and view the list users everyones comes that. 
147 have never seen anything different. 
147 your actual localhost address though. 
147 the one you type edit your network settings. 
148 hello all the only one having trouble with agoras new captcha system sometimes fails load all other times says havent correctly identified the characters. 
148 seems like such simple issue lot dwms tend struggle with. 
149 how about all disregard messages about disregarding messages huh quick muckin thees forums brotha. 
150 welcome the bsm family. 
150 the market where dont bother with forum our own. 
150 jab intended there. 
150 anyways best luck man. 
151 from fuck her march pmheres where need feedback thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
151 what you think about this the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
151 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
151 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
151 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
151 but feel electrum would way better. 
151 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
151 how sites that implement true multisignature escrow how does this sound does the process sound like something end users would easily trained think becomes pretty you can see using multisig. 
151 there are only actions the users need. 
151 one less step when automate key generation. 
151 thats the price they pay for absolute security for their bitcoin. 
151 more heists all transactions occur the blockchain and are only considered valid when the blockchain. 
151 means more live wallet the possibility for the negative balance hack removed and the trust the site becomes minimal. 
151 the site run attacker they simply cant run off with the money. 
151 even there unexpected downtime the admin goes awol buyer and vendor have their public keys can try negotiate another channel least sort out their funds themselves. 
151 feedback this critical bitwasps success please fire away. 
151 any input appreachiated. 
151 will tip very good replies with some bitcoins. 
151 till although doubt you are going give penny. 
151 electrum relies using their servers. 
151 please keep this mind when using electrum because electrum more centralized idea than bitcoin and bitcoind which connects the other nodes. 
151 the electrum servers down you get screwed. 
151 also electrum not well supported for multisig right now. 
151 they use either bitcoin bitcoind just like bitwasp. 
151 sounds like you are wanting set marketplace using bitwasp but using electrum might bad idea your market relies electrum because their servers down does your market. 
152 its suprise see you this venue first some thoughts the implementation. 
152 whether the payment finalize early escrow then the site will poll the blockchain for payments that address. 
152 once the full amount paid then the order marked paid and all users messaged link page that shows the generated transaction paying the vendor the full amount minus the sites fee raw transaction spending all the transactions sent the multisg address and sending the vendor one output and the sites fees address another. 
152 everyone will shown the transaction paying the vendor. 
152 the buyer raises dispute then the users will start discuss the order and the admin will generate new transaction paying the appropriate amount both parties. 
152 but its all successful then one the users will sign the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction the site. 
152 then the other user will sign the transaction broadcast where will identified bitwasp when makes into the blockchain. 
152 not sure like showing the raw unsigned before deciding where the btc going. 
152 this information leak. 
152 the very least the address the vendor uses will have burnt and sloppy vendor reusing addresses using the same address get funds from every going expose lot and this very little risk the person doing the attack. 
152 all they would have cancel the order before the vendor fufills and they would lose trivial amount transaction fees. 
152 think its better wait until its been decided where the funds before generating the raw signed. 
152 also buyers tend awful signing payments. 
152 think from buyer view they dont need ever see unless they need get refund some sort. 
152 also cautious person might always want their broadcast some predetermined time say utc something order allow time information leaks. 
152 because this think its better for the site sign the and then have the other party the final signing and broadcast themselves. 
152 your specific questionsquote thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
152 what you think about this think itd better accept extended public key bip style give the user option input advance give them arbitrary number addresses chosen from randomly. 
152 electrum moving away from their current key implemantion even the distributed source has code for true bip wallets altho not sure its actually ever used. 
152 the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
152 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
152 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
152 think the admin keys should probably random. 
152 there are two reasons for this. 
152 one that think the site should have the private keys available because think the normal signatures should site whoever getting the btc. 
152 buyer vendor should for unusual situations. 
152 this means that youd have store the extended master private key which huge security problem should that compromised. 
152 the second that even you only store some version extended public key that compromised youd readily able tract transactions the blockchain looking for that redeem style address with one the public keys the reedemscript. 
152 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
152 but feel electrum would way better. 
152 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
152 stands electrums multi sig horribly broken. 
152 the only way its gonna work until the new version you take tmps plugin and use that. 
152 code all pubilc domain and vitalik buterins code from pybtctools that ive used some format conversions. 
152 not sure how tmpschultz feels about his code being used however. 
152 wrote all the actual widget code that deals with the and came with the concept using deposit addresses store the keys. 
152 additionally electrum stores its transactions internally wierdo format. 
152 its not really going useful stands for tracking things the how sites that implement true multisignature escrow not sure the internals but tmp requires vendors predetermine large numbers public keys used during the order process and then also predetermine number addresses payments this could low address however. 
152 electrum moving towards real bip support. 
152 dont see the point implementing right now something that uses their wonky key derivation. 
152 the tmp plugin will cant find the key your deposit list just ask for the correct private key. 
152 think solution like that except with real bip the best. 
153 thanks for the news. 
154 from ofl pwmolzg march amgotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
154 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
154 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
154 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
154 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
154 you not think they are logging all deposit and withdraw address you are deluding your self. 
154 big part why mtgox had much bitcoin seized early was the feds wanted leverage get more evidence against people. 
154 was not just about compliance money transmitting rules. 
154 they are aware people like you and dont they are not watching. 
154 you have been warned. 
155 you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage. 
156 welcome post this forum you have any questions there few bsm vets here that know the features pretty well. 
157 glad see someone actually noticing allow alleviate any concerns about safepostage. 
157 onion also rcnm jtq. 
157 onionwe use hundreds different postal accounts the moment. 
157 its very easy for make new and unctraceable accounts purchase postage with and your behalf. 
157 the odds person being linked and having packages intercepted based the account from where the postage purchased very small. 
157 could happen but this why use new accounts all the time. 
157 every day make new accounts that are unlinked through layers anoymous ips. 
157 not discriminate based who using the service. 
157 some people just have bitcoin and dont feel like cashing out. 
157 also sell stamps. 
157 keep mind were not responsible for the shipping contents. 
157 just send you the label. 
157 anything would assume that package that has legit shipping label much less scrutinized than something that has hand written label and some stamps. 
158 look know yall prolly wont listen but silkroad not scam website. 
158 defcon and his team are paying back the stolen bitcoin speak. 
158 you can check silkroad forum credentials see not troll. 
158 php action profile have been with silkroad since before ross was takendown and have watched grow since october. 
159 keep getting spam talking about due captcha error agora. 
159 the link indeed legit but its referral link trick you into registering with there link they can make commision fee off your purchases which what the linkare for. 
160 getting fake and opening few llcs should get you legitimate bank accounts and then you just use them for the calendar year and then just ditch them and disappear come tax time. 
160 then you have normal working bank account that you can use for while without all the hassle youre going through. 
160 then you only through that hassle once year. 
160 your operation that big though might time consider opening legit business laundering front although that obviously would open you paying taxes. 
161 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling blockchain. 
161 info discontinued send shared while back and now only offers the less anonymous shared coin coinjoin mixing service. 
161 bitcoin fog still the market leader. 
162 thanks for the great read deepdotweb. 
163 youtube and look some php tutorials. 
163 there are plenty good ones there. 
163 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
163 other words somebody types name jollyalert roger. 
163 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
163 very dangerous when considering you can use steal peoples session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
163 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
163 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
163 check out what post above really looks like after all the data sanitized. 
163 quotego youtube and look some php tutorials. 
163 there are plenty good ones there. 
163 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
163 other words somebody types name jolly script alert 'hi' script roger. 
163 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
163 very dangerous when considering you can use steal people's session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
163 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
163 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
164 your quite welcome. 
164 just remember remain confident and plan out how your going things. 
164 rushed decisions lead mistakes. 
164 this business mistakes jail time. 
164 one wants that. 
164 remember always use your head first and stay safe. 
165 really hoping that this last but seems like agora actually running relatively well today. 
165 ive been banging head the desk trying get work done for few days now. 
165 just hope last. 
166 how many vendors are there. 
167 too many markets have been getting shut down back back result greed and manipulation power the pirate market its smaller one which reduces helluva lotta risk posed larger markets. 
167 plan watchin this market grow security wise and pass all other failing marketplaces. 
168 how about all disregard messages about disregarding messages huh quick muckin thees forums brotha. 
169 also suggest customers mix coins. 
169 you buy them online exchange linked your identity and vendor gets busted will most likely able track the coins back you. 
169 whats the best option mix coins bitcoinfog seems having allot problems lately slow deposits coins not showing etc. 
169 info shared send this spooks out little since they obviously keep logs and will share with when requestedc using online exchange sell buy your btc other then withdraw fresh coins new wallet. 
169 this option sounds good but youll have find exchange outside your jurisdiction that doesnt ask for identification. 
169 honestly dont know what would best someone has some tips please share. 
169 luckily still have some clean coins for purchases. 
170 from jules winnfield march ami noticed its not disabled there just new option where you can have multiple auto withdraw wallets order circumvent tracing bitcoin movement and out site. 
170 this how proper site run. 
170 makes and pandora agora honet look like garbage. 
170 they semmingly always have new security features and running. 
170 its nice know the site getting improved all the time. 
170 and the slow ish pace gives them time perfect everything. 
171 welcome post this forum you have any questions there few bsm vets here that know the features pretty well. 
172 from ofl pwmolzg march amgotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
172 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
172 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
172 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
172 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
172 you not think they are logging all deposit and withdraw address you are deluding your self. 
172 big part why mtgox had much bitcoin seized early was the feds wanted leverage get more evidence against people. 
172 was not just about compliance money transmitting rules. 
172 they are aware people like you and dont they are not watching. 
172 you have been warned. 
173 welcome post this forum you have any questions there few bsm vets here that know the features pretty well. 
174 from jules winnfield march ami noticed its not disabled there just new option where you can have multiple auto withdraw wallets order circumvent tracing bitcoin movement and out site. 
174 this how proper site run. 
174 makes and pandora agora honet look like garbage. 
174 they semmingly always have new security features and running. 
174 its nice know the site getting improved all the time. 
174 and the slow ish pace gives them time perfect everything. 
175 from navudenas march pmthis about the address see next post. 
175 why the fuck real torbrowser says different from real one and went whatismyip. 
175 com said the same the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows real one. 
175 your local computer talking itself. 
175 your local router could any computer your local home network maybe represents the local the hub network servers. 
175 either way doesnt matter its not your. 
175 posts also have. 
175 dont worry thats just useless saying. 
175 its not your real. 
175 edit yeah all posts list. 
175 and other forums its. 
175 this probably has something with the architecture the way the hub set. 
176 too many markets have been getting shut down back back result greed and manipulation power the pirate market its smaller one which reduces helluva lotta risk posed larger markets. 
176 plan watchin this market grow security wise and pass all other failing marketplaces. 
177 getting fake and opening few llcs should get you legitimate bank accounts and then you just use them for the calendar year and then just ditch them and disappear come tax time. 
177 then you have normal working bank account that you can use for while without all the hassle youre going through. 
177 then you only through that hassle once year. 
177 your operation that big though might time consider opening legit business laundering front although that obviously would open you paying taxes. 
178 glad see someone actually noticing allow alleviate any concerns about safepostage. 
178 onion also rcnm jtq. 
178 onionwe use hundreds different postal accounts the moment. 
178 its very easy for make new and unctraceable accounts purchase postage with and your behalf. 
178 the odds person being linked and having packages intercepted based the account from where the postage purchased very small. 
178 could happen but this why use new accounts all the time. 
178 every day make new accounts that are unlinked through layers anoymous ips. 
178 not discriminate based who using the service. 
178 some people just have bitcoin and dont feel like cashing out. 
178 also sell stamps. 
178 keep mind were not responsible for the shipping contents. 
178 just send you the label. 
178 anything would assume that package that has legit shipping label much less scrutinized than something that has hand written label and some stamps. 
179 keep getting spam talking about due captcha error agora. 
179 the link indeed legit but its referral link trick you into registering with there link they can make commision fee off your purchases which what the linkare for. 
180 great see you here. 
181 one takes anything other than btc except for the ocasional ltc fanatic. 
182 from vodka march amthe guy agora imposter the guy agora. 
183 from ofl pwmolzg march amgotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
183 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
183 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
183 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
183 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
183 you not think they are logging all deposit and withdraw address you are deluding your self. 
183 big part why mtgox had much bitcoin seized early was the feds wanted leverage get more evidence against people. 
183 was not just about compliance money transmitting rules. 
183 they are aware people like you and dont they are not watching. 
183 you have been warned. 
184 guess should have checked the bitcoin forum. 
184 org before trying campbx. 
184 shit maybe should have tried the better business bureau rating. 
184 crap never going get coins back. 
185 from tub march pmso you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
185 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
185 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
185 well the funds are only untraceable you dont know the address. 
185 since know the address can just check the blockchain see that bitcoinfog yeah youre right some random agent who cares sent the coins that address confirmed hundreds times and the coins are still sitting right there but they have not been posted campbx account after week back and forth bullshit with their support guys. 
185 its actually pretty easy place the blame with the registered scammers. 
186 youtube and look some php tutorials. 
186 there are plenty good ones there. 
186 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
186 other words somebody types name jollyalert roger. 
186 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
186 very dangerous when considering you can use steal peoples session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
186 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
186 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
186 check out what post above really looks like after all the data sanitized. 
186 quotego youtube and look some php tutorials. 
186 there are plenty good ones there. 
186 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
186 other words somebody types name jolly script alert 'hi' script roger. 
186 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
186 very dangerous when considering you can use steal people's session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
186 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
186 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
187 thanks for the news. 
188 really hoping that this last but seems like agora actually running relatively well today. 
188 ive been banging head the desk trying get work done for few days now. 
188 just hope last. 
189 too many markets have been getting shut down back back result greed and manipulation power the pirate market its smaller one which reduces helluva lotta risk posed larger markets. 
189 plan watchin this market grow security wise and pass all other failing marketplaces. 
190 keep getting spam talking about due captcha error agora. 
190 the link indeed legit but its referral link trick you into registering with there link they can make commision fee off your purchases which what the linkare for. 
191 gotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
191 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
191 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
191 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
191 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
192 welcome post this forum you have any questions there few bsm vets here that know the features pretty well. 
193 from jules winnfield march ami noticed its not disabled there just new option where you can have multiple auto withdraw wallets order circumvent tracing bitcoin movement and out site. 
193 this how proper site run. 
193 makes and pandora agora honet look like garbage. 
193 they semmingly always have new security features and running. 
193 its nice know the site getting improved all the time. 
193 and the slow ish pace gives them time perfect everything. 
194 getting fake and opening few llcs should get you legitimate bank accounts and then you just use them for the calendar year and then just ditch them and disappear come tax time. 
194 then you have normal working bank account that you can use for while without all the hassle youre going through. 
194 then you only through that hassle once year. 
194 your operation that big though might time consider opening legit business laundering front although that obviously would open you paying taxes. 
195 glad see someone actually noticing allow alleviate any concerns about safepostage. 
195 onion also rcnm jtq. 
195 onionwe use hundreds different postal accounts the moment. 
195 its very easy for make new and unctraceable accounts purchase postage with and your behalf. 
195 the odds person being linked and having packages intercepted based the account from where the postage purchased very small. 
195 could happen but this why use new accounts all the time. 
195 every day make new accounts that are unlinked through layers anoymous ips. 
195 not discriminate based who using the service. 
195 some people just have bitcoin and dont feel like cashing out. 
195 also sell stamps. 
195 keep mind were not responsible for the shipping contents. 
195 just send you the label. 
195 anything would assume that package that has legit shipping label much less scrutinized than something that has hand written label and some stamps. 
196 you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage. 
197 thanks for the news. 
198 from tub march pmso you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
198 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
198 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
198 well the funds are only untraceable you dont know the address. 
198 since know the address can just check the blockchain see that bitcoinfog yeah youre right some random agent who cares sent the coins that address confirmed hundreds times and the coins are still sitting right there but they have not been posted campbx account after week back and forth bullshit with their support guys. 
198 its actually pretty easy place the blame with the registered scammers. 
199 guess should have checked the bitcoin forum. 
199 org before trying campbx. 
199 shit maybe should have tried the better business bureau rating. 
199 crap never going get coins back. 
200 from vodka march amthe guy agora imposter the guy agora. 
201 from vodka march amthe guy agora imposter the guy agora. 
202 from jules winnfield march ami noticed its not disabled there just new option where you can have multiple auto withdraw wallets order circumvent tracing bitcoin movement and out site. 
202 this how proper site run. 
202 makes and pandora agora honet look like garbage. 
202 they semmingly always have new security features and running. 
202 its nice know the site getting improved all the time. 
202 and the slow ish pace gives them time perfect everything. 
203 from tub march pmso you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
203 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
203 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
203 well the funds are only untraceable you dont know the address. 
203 since know the address can just check the blockchain see that bitcoinfog yeah youre right some random agent who cares sent the coins that address confirmed hundreds times and the coins are still sitting right there but they have not been posted campbx account after week back and forth bullshit with their support guys. 
203 its actually pretty easy place the blame with the registered scammers. 
204 guess should have checked the bitcoin forum. 
204 org before trying campbx. 
204 shit maybe should have tried the better business bureau rating. 
204 crap never going get coins back. 
205 gotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
205 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
205 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
205 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
205 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
206 from navudenas march pmthis about the address see next post. 
206 why the fuck real torbrowser says different from real one and went whatismyip. 
206 com said the same the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows real one. 
206 your local computer talking itself. 
206 your local router could any computer your local home network maybe represents the local the hub network servers. 
206 either way doesnt matter its not your. 
206 posts also have. 
206 dont worry thats just useless saying. 
206 its not your real. 
206 edit yeah all posts list. 
206 and other forums its. 
206 this probably has something with the architecture the way the hub set. 
207 one takes anything other than btc except for the ocasional ltc fanatic. 
208 sent about two messages two support its been about week maybe more still reply this normal meerkovo. 
209 how the fuck you know anything about their security backend. 
209 sounds like you run the site you should contact mod someone you can get say that your name. 
209 btw really shitty graphics think thats the turn off for people. 
209 some strange interesting feature tho. 
210 hello all the only one having trouble with agoras new captcha system sometimes fails load all other times says havent correctly identified the characters. 
210 seems like such simple issue lot dwms tend struggle with. 
211 how about all disregard messages about disregarding messages huh quick muckin thees forums brotha. 
212 welcome the bsm family. 
212 the market where dont bother with forum our own. 
212 jab intended there. 
212 anyways best luck man. 
213 from fuck her march pmheres where need feedback thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
213 what you think about this the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
213 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
213 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
213 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
213 but feel electrum would way better. 
213 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
213 how sites that implement true multisignature escrow how does this sound does the process sound like something end users would easily trained think becomes pretty you can see using multisig. 
213 there are only actions the users need. 
213 one less step when automate key generation. 
213 thats the price they pay for absolute security for their bitcoin. 
213 more heists all transactions occur the blockchain and are only considered valid when the blockchain. 
213 means more live wallet the possibility for the negative balance hack removed and the trust the site becomes minimal. 
213 the site run attacker they simply cant run off with the money. 
213 even there unexpected downtime the admin goes awol buyer and vendor have their public keys can try negotiate another channel least sort out their funds themselves. 
213 feedback this critical bitwasps success please fire away. 
213 any input appreachiated. 
213 will tip very good replies with some bitcoins. 
213 till although doubt you are going give penny. 
213 electrum relies using their servers. 
213 please keep this mind when using electrum because electrum more centralized idea than bitcoin and bitcoind which connects the other nodes. 
213 the electrum servers down you get screwed. 
213 also electrum not well supported for multisig right now. 
213 they use either bitcoin bitcoind just like bitwasp. 
213 sounds like you are wanting set marketplace using bitwasp but using electrum might bad idea your market relies electrum because their servers down does your market. 
214 its suprise see you this venue first some thoughts the implementation. 
214 whether the payment finalize early escrow then the site will poll the blockchain for payments that address. 
214 once the full amount paid then the order marked paid and all users messaged link page that shows the generated transaction paying the vendor the full amount minus the sites fee raw transaction spending all the transactions sent the multisg address and sending the vendor one output and the sites fees address another. 
214 everyone will shown the transaction paying the vendor. 
214 the buyer raises dispute then the users will start discuss the order and the admin will generate new transaction paying the appropriate amount both parties. 
214 but its all successful then one the users will sign the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction the site. 
214 then the other user will sign the transaction broadcast where will identified bitwasp when makes into the blockchain. 
214 not sure like showing the raw unsigned before deciding where the btc going. 
214 this information leak. 
214 the very least the address the vendor uses will have burnt and sloppy vendor reusing addresses using the same address get funds from every going expose lot and this very little risk the person doing the attack. 
214 all they would have cancel the order before the vendor fufills and they would lose trivial amount transaction fees. 
214 think its better wait until its been decided where the funds before generating the raw signed. 
214 also buyers tend awful signing payments. 
214 think from buyer view they dont need ever see unless they need get refund some sort. 
214 also cautious person might always want their broadcast some predetermined time say utc something order allow time information leaks. 
214 because this think its better for the site sign the and then have the other party the final signing and broadcast themselves. 
214 your specific questionsquote thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
214 what you think about this think itd better accept extended public key bip style give the user option input advance give them arbitrary number addresses chosen from randomly. 
214 electrum moving away from their current key implemantion even the distributed source has code for true bip wallets altho not sure its actually ever used. 
214 the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
214 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
214 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
214 think the admin keys should probably random. 
214 there are two reasons for this. 
214 one that think the site should have the private keys available because think the normal signatures should site whoever getting the btc. 
214 buyer vendor should for unusual situations. 
214 this means that youd have store the extended master private key which huge security problem should that compromised. 
214 the second that even you only store some version extended public key that compromised youd readily able tract transactions the blockchain looking for that redeem style address with one the public keys the reedemscript. 
214 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
214 but feel electrum would way better. 
214 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
214 stands electrums multi sig horribly broken. 
214 the only way its gonna work until the new version you take tmps plugin and use that. 
214 code all pubilc domain and vitalik buterins code from pybtctools that ive used some format conversions. 
214 not sure how tmpschultz feels about his code being used however. 
214 wrote all the actual widget code that deals with the and came with the concept using deposit addresses store the keys. 
214 additionally electrum stores its transactions internally wierdo format. 
214 its not really going useful stands for tracking things the how sites that implement true multisignature escrow not sure the internals but tmp requires vendors predetermine large numbers public keys used during the order process and then also predetermine number addresses payments this could low address however. 
214 electrum moving towards real bip support. 
214 dont see the point implementing right now something that uses their wonky key derivation. 
214 the tmp plugin will cant find the key your deposit list just ask for the correct private key. 
214 think solution like that except with real bip the best. 
215 hello all the only one having trouble with agoras new captcha system sometimes fails load all other times says havent correctly identified the characters. 
215 seems like such simple issue lot dwms tend struggle with. 
216 welcome the bsm family. 
216 the market where dont bother with forum our own. 
216 jab intended there. 
216 anyways best luck man. 
217 thanks for the great read deepdotweb. 
218 how many vendors are there. 
219 how the fuck you know anything about their security backend. 
219 sounds like you run the site you should contact mod someone you can get say that your name. 
219 btw really shitty graphics think thats the turn off for people. 
219 some strange interesting feature tho. 
220 also suggest customers mix coins. 
220 you buy them online exchange linked your identity and vendor gets busted will most likely able track the coins back you. 
220 what's the best option mix coins bitcoinfog seems having allot problems lately slow deposits coins not showing etc. 
220 info 'shared send' this spooks out little since they obviously keep logs and will share with when requestedc using online exchange sell buy your btc other then withdraw fresh coins new wallet. 
220 this option sounds good but you'll have find exchange outside your jurisdiction that doesn't ask for identification. 
220 honestly don't know what would best someone has some tips please share. 
220 luckily still have some clean coins for purchases. 
221 great see you here. 
222 from navudenas march pmthis about the address see next post. 
222 why the fuck real torbrowser says different from real one and went whatismyip. 
222 com said the same the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows real one. 
222 your local computer talking itself. 
222 your local router could any computer your local home network maybe represents the local the hub network servers. 
222 either way doesnt matter its not your. 
222 posts also have. 
222 dont worry thats just useless saying. 
222 its not your real. 
222 edit yeah all posts list. 
222 and other forums its. 
222 this probably has something with the architecture the way the hub set. 
223 look know yall prolly wont listen but silkroad not scam website. 
223 defcon and his team are paying back the stolen bitcoin speak. 
223 you can check silkroad forum credentials see not troll. 
223 php action profile have been with silkroad since before ross was takendown and have watched grow since october. 
224 how many vendors are there. 
225 from navudenas march pmthis about the address see next post. 
225 why the fuck real torbrowser says different from real one and went whatismyip. 
225 com said the same the torbrowser but the the hub forums somehow knows real one. 
225 your local computer talking itself. 
225 your local router could any computer your local home network maybe represents the local the hub network servers. 
225 either way doesnt matter its not your. 
225 posts also have. 
225 dont worry thats just useless saying. 
225 its not your real. 
225 edit yeah all posts list. 
225 and other forums its. 
225 this probably has something with the architecture the way the hub set. 
226 too many markets have been getting shut down back back result greed and manipulation power the pirate market its smaller one which reduces helluva lotta risk posed larger markets. 
226 plan watchin this market grow security wise and pass all other failing marketplaces. 
227 getting fake and opening few llcs should get you legitimate bank accounts and then you just use them for the calendar year and then just ditch them and disappear come tax time. 
227 then you have normal working bank account that you can use for while without all the hassle youre going through. 
227 then you only through that hassle once year. 
227 your operation that big though might time consider opening legit business laundering front although that obviously would open you paying taxes. 
228 glad see someone actually noticing allow alleviate any concerns about safepostage. 
228 onion also rcnm jtq. 
228 onionwe use hundreds different postal accounts the moment. 
228 its very easy for make new and unctraceable accounts purchase postage with and your behalf. 
228 the odds person being linked and having packages intercepted based the account from where the postage purchased very small. 
228 could happen but this why use new accounts all the time. 
228 every day make new accounts that are unlinked through layers anoymous ips. 
228 not discriminate based who using the service. 
228 some people just have bitcoin and dont feel like cashing out. 
228 also sell stamps. 
228 keep mind were not responsible for the shipping contents. 
228 just send you the label. 
228 anything would assume that package that has legit shipping label much less scrutinized than something that has hand written label and some stamps. 
229 keep getting spam talking about due captcha error agora. 
229 the link indeed legit but its referral link trick you into registering with there link they can make commision fee off your purchases which what the linkare for. 
230 great see you here. 
231 one takes anything other than btc except for the ocasional ltc fanatic. 
232 from vodka march amthe guy agora imposter the guy agora. 
233 from ofl pwmolzg march amgotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
233 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
233 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
233 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
233 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
233 you not think they are logging all deposit and withdraw address you are deluding your self. 
233 big part why mtgox had much bitcoin seized early was the feds wanted leverage get more evidence against people. 
233 was not just about compliance money transmitting rules. 
233 they are aware people like you and dont they are not watching. 
233 you have been warned. 
234 guess should have checked the bitcoin forum. 
234 org before trying campbx. 
234 shit maybe should have tried the better business bureau rating. 
234 crap never going get coins back. 
235 from tub march pmso you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
235 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
235 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
235 well the funds are only untraceable you dont know the address. 
235 since know the address can just check the blockchain see that bitcoinfog yeah youre right some random agent who cares sent the coins that address confirmed hundreds times and the coins are still sitting right there but they have not been posted campbx account after week back and forth bullshit with their support guys. 
235 its actually pretty easy place the blame with the registered scammers. 
236 youtube and look some php tutorials. 
236 there are plenty good ones there. 
236 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
236 other words somebody types name jollyalert roger. 
236 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
236 very dangerous when considering you can use steal peoples session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
236 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
236 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
236 check out what post above really looks like after all the data sanitized. 
236 quotego youtube and look some php tutorials. 
236 there are plenty good ones there. 
236 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
236 other words somebody types name jolly script alert 'hi' script roger. 
236 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
236 very dangerous when considering you can use steal people's session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
236 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
236 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
237 thanks for the news. 
238 really hoping that this last but seems like agora actually running relatively well today. 
238 ive been banging head the desk trying get work done for few days now. 
238 just hope last. 
239 its suprise see you this venue first some thoughts the implementation. 
239 whether the payment finalize early escrow then the site will poll the blockchain for payments that address. 
239 once the full amount paid then the order marked paid and all users messaged link page that shows the generated transaction paying the vendor the full amount minus the sites fee raw transaction spending all the transactions sent the multisg address and sending the vendor one output and the sites fees address another. 
239 everyone will shown the transaction paying the vendor. 
239 the buyer raises dispute then the users will start discuss the order and the admin will generate new transaction paying the appropriate amount both parties. 
239 but its all successful then one the users will sign the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction the site. 
239 then the other user will sign the transaction broadcast where will identified bitwasp when makes into the blockchain. 
239 not sure like showing the raw unsigned before deciding where the btc going. 
239 this information leak. 
239 the very least the address the vendor uses will have burnt and sloppy vendor reusing addresses using the same address get funds from every going expose lot and this very little risk the person doing the attack. 
239 all they would have cancel the order before the vendor fufills and they would lose trivial amount transaction fees. 
239 think its better wait until its been decided where the funds before generating the raw signed. 
239 also buyers tend awful signing payments. 
239 think from buyer view they dont need ever see unless they need get refund some sort. 
239 also cautious person might always want their broadcast some predetermined time say utc something order allow time information leaks. 
239 because this think its better for the site sign the and then have the other party the final signing and broadcast themselves. 
239 your specific questionsquote thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
239 what you think about this think itd better accept extended public key bip style give the user option input advance give them arbitrary number addresses chosen from randomly. 
239 electrum moving away from their current key implemantion even the distributed source has code for true bip wallets altho not sure its actually ever used. 
239 the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
239 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
239 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
239 think the admin keys should probably random. 
239 there are two reasons for this. 
239 one that think the site should have the private keys available because think the normal signatures should site whoever getting the btc. 
239 buyer vendor should for unusual situations. 
239 this means that youd have store the extended master private key which huge security problem should that compromised. 
239 the second that even you only store some version extended public key that compromised youd readily able tract transactions the blockchain looking for that redeem style address with one the public keys the reedemscript. 
239 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
239 but feel electrum would way better. 
239 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
239 stands electrums multi sig horribly broken. 
239 the only way its gonna work until the new version you take tmps plugin and use that. 
239 code all pubilc domain and vitalik buterins code from pybtctools that ive used some format conversions. 
239 not sure how tmpschultz feels about his code being used however. 
239 wrote all the actual widget code that deals with the and came with the concept using deposit addresses store the keys. 
239 additionally electrum stores its transactions internally wierdo format. 
239 its not really going useful stands for tracking things the how sites that implement true multisignature escrow not sure the internals but tmp requires vendors predetermine large numbers public keys used during the order process and then also predetermine number addresses payments this could low address however. 
239 electrum moving towards real bip support. 
239 dont see the point implementing right now something that uses their wonky key derivation. 
239 the tmp plugin will cant find the key your deposit list just ask for the correct private key. 
239 think solution like that except with real bip the best. 
240 from fuck her march pmheres where need feedback thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
240 what you think about this the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
240 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
240 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
240 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
240 but feel electrum would way better. 
240 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
240 how sites that implement true multisignature escrow how does this sound does the process sound like something end users would easily trained think becomes pretty you can see using multisig. 
240 there are only actions the users need. 
240 one less step when automate key generation. 
240 thats the price they pay for absolute security for their bitcoin. 
240 more heists all transactions occur the blockchain and are only considered valid when the blockchain. 
240 means more live wallet the possibility for the negative balance hack removed and the trust the site becomes minimal. 
240 the site run attacker they simply cant run off with the money. 
240 even there unexpected downtime the admin goes awol buyer and vendor have their public keys can try negotiate another channel least sort out their funds themselves. 
240 feedback this critical bitwasps success please fire away. 
240 any input appreachiated. 
240 will tip very good replies with some bitcoins. 
240 till although doubt you are going give penny. 
240 electrum relies using their servers. 
240 please keep this mind when using electrum because electrum more centralized idea than bitcoin and bitcoind which connects the other nodes. 
240 the electrum servers down you get screwed. 
240 also electrum not well supported for multisig right now. 
240 they use either bitcoin bitcoind just like bitwasp. 
240 sounds like you are wanting set marketplace using bitwasp but using electrum might bad idea your market relies electrum because their servers down does your market. 
241 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling blockchain. 
241 info discontinued send shared while back and now only offers the less anonymous shared coin coinjoin mixing service. 
241 bitcoin fog still the market leader. 
242 how about all disregard messages about disregarding messages huh quick muckin thees forums brotha. 
243 gotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
243 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
243 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
243 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
243 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
244 sent about two messages two support its been about week maybe more still reply this normal meerkovo. 
245 look know yall prolly wont listen but silkroad not scam website. 
245 defcon and his team are paying back the stolen bitcoin speak. 
245 you can check silkroad forum credentials see not troll. 
245 php action profile have been with silkroad since before ross was takendown and have watched grow since october. 
246 your quite welcome. 
246 just remember remain confident and plan out how your going things. 
246 rushed decisions lead mistakes. 
246 this business mistakes jail time. 
246 one wants that. 
246 remember always use your head first and stay safe. 
247 you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage. 
248 hello all the only one having trouble with agoras new captcha system sometimes fails load all other times says havent correctly identified the characters. 
248 seems like such simple issue lot dwms tend struggle with. 
249 welcome the bsm family. 
249 the market where dont bother with forum our own. 
249 jab intended there. 
249 anyways best luck man. 
250 keep getting spam talking about due captcha error agora. 
250 the link indeed legit but its referral link trick you into registering with there link they can make commision fee off your purchases which what the linkare for. 
251 great see you here. 
252 one takes anything other than btc except for the ocasional ltc fanatic. 
253 from vodka march amthe guy agora imposter the guy agora. 
254 from ofl pwmolzg march amgotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
254 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
254 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
254 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
254 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
254 you not think they are logging all deposit and withdraw address you are deluding your self. 
254 big part why mtgox had much bitcoin seized early was the feds wanted leverage get more evidence against people. 
254 was not just about compliance money transmitting rules. 
254 they are aware people like you and dont they are not watching. 
254 you have been warned. 
255 guess should have checked the bitcoin forum. 
255 org before trying campbx. 
255 shit maybe should have tried the better business bureau rating. 
255 crap never going get coins back. 
256 from tub march pmso you sent bitcoins from tor hidden service online wallet operated registered kyc compliant georgia based company and youre blaming missing funds the company with mailing address there are more problems with your claims. 
256 how can you tell transaction campbx isnt confirmed you just sent through bitcoinfog the whole point that service sever the connection and make your funds untraceable. 
256 bitcoinfog has been known take week longer than expected would contact them and double check the address used before wiped out. 
256 well the funds are only untraceable you dont know the address. 
256 since know the address can just check the blockchain see that bitcoinfog yeah youre right some random agent who cares sent the coins that address confirmed hundreds times and the coins are still sitting right there but they have not been posted campbx account after week back and forth bullshit with their support guys. 
256 its actually pretty easy place the blame with the registered scammers. 
257 youtube and look some php tutorials. 
257 there are plenty good ones there. 
257 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
257 other words somebody types name jollyalert roger. 
257 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
257 very dangerous when considering you can use steal peoples session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
257 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
257 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
257 check out what post above really looks like after all the data sanitized. 
257 quotego youtube and look some php tutorials. 
257 there are plenty good ones there. 
257 just keep mind that basic php very insecure and when you start building things like databases and things that interact with users you need validate sanitize everything. 
257 other words somebody types name jolly script alert 'hi' script roger. 
257 this going make javascript alert box pop. 
257 very dangerous when considering you can use steal people's session ids which allow you login somebody else. 
257 while you are learning about php and likely sql databases make sure you learn also about preventing xss attacks sql injection and cross request site forgery. 
257 all very important stuff know otherwise hackers will eat you for breakfast. 
258 thanks for the news. 
259 really hoping that this last but seems like agora actually running relatively well today. 
259 ive been banging head the desk trying get work done for few days now. 
259 just hope last. 
260 its suprise see you this venue first some thoughts the implementation. 
260 whether the payment finalize early escrow then the site will poll the blockchain for payments that address. 
260 once the full amount paid then the order marked paid and all users messaged link page that shows the generated transaction paying the vendor the full amount minus the sites fee raw transaction spending all the transactions sent the multisg address and sending the vendor one output and the sites fees address another. 
260 everyone will shown the transaction paying the vendor. 
260 the buyer raises dispute then the users will start discuss the order and the admin will generate new transaction paying the appropriate amount both parties. 
260 but its all successful then one the users will sign the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction the site. 
260 then the other user will sign the transaction broadcast where will identified bitwasp when makes into the blockchain. 
260 not sure like showing the raw unsigned before deciding where the btc going. 
260 this information leak. 
260 the very least the address the vendor uses will have burnt and sloppy vendor reusing addresses using the same address get funds from every going expose lot and this very little risk the person doing the attack. 
260 all they would have cancel the order before the vendor fufills and they would lose trivial amount transaction fees. 
260 think its better wait until its been decided where the funds before generating the raw signed. 
260 also buyers tend awful signing payments. 
260 think from buyer view they dont need ever see unless they need get refund some sort. 
260 also cautious person might always want their broadcast some predetermined time say utc something order allow time information leaks. 
260 because this think its better for the site sign the and then have the other party the final signing and broadcast themselves. 
260 your specific questionsquote thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
260 what you think about this think itd better accept extended public key bip style give the user option input advance give them arbitrary number addresses chosen from randomly. 
260 electrum moving away from their current key implemantion even the distributed source has code for true bip wallets altho not sure its actually ever used. 
260 the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
260 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
260 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
260 think the admin keys should probably random. 
260 there are two reasons for this. 
260 one that think the site should have the private keys available because think the normal signatures should site whoever getting the btc. 
260 buyer vendor should for unusual situations. 
260 this means that youd have store the extended master private key which huge security problem should that compromised. 
260 the second that even you only store some version extended public key that compromised youd readily able tract transactions the blockchain looking for that redeem style address with one the public keys the reedemscript. 
260 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
260 but feel electrum would way better. 
260 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
260 stands electrums multi sig horribly broken. 
260 the only way its gonna work until the new version you take tmps plugin and use that. 
260 code all pubilc domain and vitalik buterins code from pybtctools that ive used some format conversions. 
260 not sure how tmpschultz feels about his code being used however. 
260 wrote all the actual widget code that deals with the and came with the concept using deposit addresses store the keys. 
260 additionally electrum stores its transactions internally wierdo format. 
260 its not really going useful stands for tracking things the how sites that implement true multisignature escrow not sure the internals but tmp requires vendors predetermine large numbers public keys used during the order process and then also predetermine number addresses payments this could low address however. 
260 electrum moving towards real bip support. 
260 dont see the point implementing right now something that uses their wonky key derivation. 
260 the tmp plugin will cant find the key your deposit list just ask for the correct private key. 
260 think solution like that except with real bip the best. 
261 from fuck her march pmheres where need feedback thinking about asking for electrum mpk receive fees. 
261 what you think about this the admins key should also generated from electrum mpk. 
261 there reason the key needs stored the site. 
261 has anyone ever looked multisignature transactions electrum where the wallet only has one key think there way display transactions fit for electrum sign but documentation the code scarce. 
261 right now weve seen bitcoin and bitcoind are fine for multisignature transactions. 
261 but feel electrum would way better. 
261 anyone has any information how electrum works with multisig please send them way. 
261 how sites that implement true multisignature escrow how does this sound does the process sound like something end users would easily trained think becomes pretty you can see using multisig. 
261 there are only actions the users need. 
261 one less step when automate key generation. 
261 thats the price they pay for absolute security for their bitcoin. 
261 more heists all transactions occur the blockchain and are only considered valid when the blockchain. 
261 means more live wallet the possibility for the negative balance hack removed and the trust the site becomes minimal. 
261 the site run attacker they simply cant run off with the money. 
261 even there unexpected downtime the admin goes awol buyer and vendor have their public keys can try negotiate another channel least sort out their funds themselves. 
261 feedback this critical bitwasps success please fire away. 
261 any input appreachiated. 
261 will tip very good replies with some bitcoins. 
261 till although doubt you are going give penny. 
261 electrum relies using their servers. 
261 please keep this mind when using electrum because electrum more centralized idea than bitcoin and bitcoind which connects the other nodes. 
261 the electrum servers down you get screwed. 
261 also electrum not well supported for multisig right now. 
261 they use either bitcoin bitcoind just like bitwasp. 
261 sounds like you are wanting set marketplace using bitwasp but using electrum might bad idea your market relies electrum because their servers down does your market. 
262 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling blockchain. 
262 info discontinued send shared while back and now only offers the less anonymous shared coin coinjoin mixing service. 
262 bitcoin fog still the market leader. 
263 how about all disregard messages about disregarding messages huh quick muckin thees forums brotha. 
264 gotta honest think just depositing into btc and then withdrawing fine mixing method. 
264 they have internal accounting based system the deposit address isnt used the withdraw address. 
264 just put money into btc few staggered withdraws different addresses the amounts are different and youre set. 
264 youre worried about them stealing the money stagger the process with smaller amounts dont deposit again until your last withdraw has gotten the blockchain. 
264 dont think really needs more complicated than that. 
265 sent about two messages two support its been about week maybe more still reply this normal meerkovo. 
266 look know yall prolly wont listen but silkroad not scam website. 
266 defcon and his team are paying back the stolen bitcoin speak. 
266 you can check silkroad forum credentials see not troll. 
266 php action profile have been with silkroad since before ross was takendown and have watched grow since october. 
267 your quite welcome. 
267 just remember remain confident and plan out how your going things. 
267 rushed decisions lead mistakes. 
267 this business mistakes jail time. 
267 one wants that. 
267 remember always use your head first and stay safe. 
268 you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage. 
269 hello all the only one having trouble with agoras new captcha system sometimes fails load all other times says havent correctly identified the characters. 
269 seems like such simple issue lot dwms tend struggle with. 
270 welcome the bsm family. 
270 the market where dont bother with forum our own. 
270 jab intended there. 
270 anyways best luck man. 
271 from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
271 did taint check blockchain. 
271 info and they have trace old coins. 
271 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
271 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
271 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
271 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin. 
272 yeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
272 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
272 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
272 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
272 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
272 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
272 the risk low. 
273 its legit its great idea. 
273 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
273 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
273 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
273 noobs need this sort thing. 
273 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
273 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
273 stop giving these guys hard time. 
273 noobs need these services. 
274 need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
274 can someone please point the correct direction. 
274 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
274 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
274 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
275 from jacobs crackers march ami need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
275 can someone please point the correct direction. 
275 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
275 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
275 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
275 thanksdonation address signature. 
275 since have not seen the best answer posted above will give. 
275 the absolute best way use those unsafe plugins like javascript java and flash follows. 
275 you must use separate machines. 
275 the first machine has other way connecting the internet other than through the second machine preferrably running whonix gateway. 
275 you can also run virtual machine machine for added layer which any exploits malware would need break out first before they can access execute any type code your host operating system. 
275 this point even they are able phone home from your host operating system machine they are not able outside the internet connection from machine running the gateway. 
275 therefore any attempt phoning home will still have through tor. 
275 and long you did not something stupid like use your real name machine leave any identifying information there should identifying information transmitted. 
275 one the possible easier solutions for this called raspberry which runs separate computer gateway through routes all your internet traffic and now there company selling something called onion which has been set specifically route all your traffic through tor and the itself mini computer that acts gateway. 
275 com products thank you. 
276 you should really careful using javascript altogether from what understand. 
276 but you choose use whonix believe the whonix developers recommend using physical gateway and workstation rather than using two virtual machines. 
276 org wiki main pagehowever would imagine there should another option other than using javascript all. 
276 javascript flash iframe well some other plugins really arent recommended you are attempting stay anonymous whether you are using virtualization technology not. 
276 certainly using whonix would your best option has been mentioned but javascript truly should avoided altogether whenever possible even technology itself has its flaws and well. 
276 perhaps there another option using javascript altogether why you feel absolutely necessary use javascript your situation. 
277 the safehouse sellasta tossa mietin. 
277 kapteenille nimeksi libertine. 
278 nimi ehdotus project scandinavia. 
279 finnish drug barn tai ihan barn bluewhite barn vis rien. 
280 vendors like stay were they can access the biggest customer base which the moment and agora. 
280 there are some good new markets but they just dont have the traffic for vendors put the time logging them every day. 
280 ive been both tor and tor escow for over weeks and have only recieved one sale each. 
281 kapteenin uusi nimi voisi olla the sage tai pelkk sage. 
282 physical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
283 from shitstormy march pmbitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
283 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
283 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
283 coinjoin mixers like shared coin and the planned dark wallet are not completely anonymous like bitcoin fog. 
283 they not guarantee zero percent taint. 
283 info discontinued send shared bitcoin fog seems the most trusted traditional mixing service. 
283 darkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
284 take snapshot your whonix workstation before you start. 
284 enable javascript whatever you need. 
284 when youre done revert the snapshot whonix workstation its previous backup. 
284 obviously anything you saved the whonix workstation will gone after you restore you need save something use shared folder make other arrangements. 
284 not perfect because anything that manages break out the whonix workstation and into virtualbox could still persist but thats probably the safest easy way. 
285 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
285 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
285 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
285 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
285 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
285 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
285 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
285 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
285 very secure and anonymous though. 
286 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
286 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
286 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
286 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
286 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email bitmessage easy use and provides transparent encryption that touted equivalent bit rsa. 
286 there has never been independent security audit however which real sticking point. 
286 seems good way fly under the radar. 
286 for guide with screenshots how setup and use bitmessage you can visit. 
287 from tub march pmdo you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage dont know not. 
287 would hope there are several. 
287 thekushlife little complicated get postage anonymously. 
287 you sound like you know what youre doing and applaid your efforts. 
287 bet youre not aware the complicated ways the post office and stamps. 
287 com track your computer from one account the other. 
287 its not simple clearing cookies and making fresh. 
287 these guys are almost advanced google when comes tracking people. 
287 even you are aware this not something most people can handle. 
287 consider issues some have with decrypting pgp messages using virtual machine. 
287 being anonymous isnt for everyone. 
287 are aware there are people who have made successful attempts buy postage anonymously their own for years. 
287 this quick turnaround service for those who want spend their bitcoin and receive guaranteed anonymous postage either with stamps tracking labels. 
287 soon will offering priority mail packaging and other shippings well. 
288 blackmailing for what exactly giving information party always concern but believe repeat business. 
288 your privacy and anonymity our utmost concern. 
288 zero records are saved. 
288 decided investigate are doing nothing wrong and would make sure our customer privacy kept confidential matter what. 
288 delete every shred. 
288 this the nature our business. 
288 otherwise would against our mission statement. 
288 the same concerns could brought with services like bitfog yet trusted all over the darkweb. 
288 manual orders can made with through pgp also. 
288 our business model has concern what youre doing with the stamps and shipping labels. 
288 perhaps you have business amazon and you want pay for shipping using bitcoin but they wont allow that. 
288 maybe youre previously suspended ebay seller who needs fresh start and fresh tracking labels for your shipments. 
288 maybe you dont want closed circuit you walk into post office and buy tons express mail stamps. 
288 remembered post office employees when asked. 
288 wish everyone the best luck their endeavors. 
288 please give chance earn your trust. 
289 joo itekki oon yritt googlailla kyselly psc. 
289 mutta vihdoin ysin jonkunlaisen ohjeen thorlaudalta mutta rahasta muihin kuluihin. 
290 hello currently have vendors. 
291 tulee kuin liukuhihnalta. 
292 bitcoin the worst nigthmare for the nwo just don understand why they hadn banned yet. 
293 any vendors future vendors who are having trouble shipping anonymously please just. 
293 will actually teach you how print labels with tracking. 
293 wont charge you for the info either. 
293 but for fucks sake. 
293 dont pay party and risk your customers privacy. 
294 safepostage its good idea. 
294 just not for vendors. 
294 you are not then you will huge target for. 
294 your database would hold all the info that everyone has been working hard encrypt. 
295 from evilgrin march its legit its great idea. 
295 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
295 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
295 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
295 noobs need this sort thing. 
295 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
295 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
295 stop giving these guys hard time. 
295 noobs need these services. 
295 lets say they are legit. 
295 now all these noob vendors can use these services. 
295 what happens safepostage decides start blackmailing people and when pops them not just trying asshole. 
295 trying help the community. 
296 from jacobs crackers march amcan someone please point the correct direction. 
296 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
296 thats the best solution. 
297 the speakeasy eli vanha kunnon kieltolain aikainen salakapakka. 
298 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
298 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
299 kapteenista voisi tulla the arbiter tai lightbringer. 
300 yksin tunnetuimpia luotettavimpia kuljetus. 
301 ehk olet henkil nkaltaista liikett jos ole edes kykenev keksim nime itsellesi kauppa alustalle jota johdat amber roadincense route kings highwayvia mit kansainv listymiseen tulee. 
301 its not worth. 
301 why draw the extra attention you can keep organized functional low profile staying domestic. 
302 silkkitie kansainv vuonna uuden nimen keksimiseen ytt jien apua alla joidenkin nykyisten lopettaneiden nimi. 
302 outlaw marketthe russian anonymous marketplace black bank bitcoin pirate marketthe majestic market boardtor nine dark valliumred sun nexuscannabis goblin hares marketblack market reloadedutopia. 
303 shit they have. 
303 huh thought they were decent organization. 
303 ill avoid them though. 
303 you got this one. 
304 hopefully does last. 
304 but with all the competition between dark markets and paid trolls more dos attacks could the way. 
305 onko iso homma hinnan laitto bitcoineina mul. 
305 bitcoinia paljon sill. 
306 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
306 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
307 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
307 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
308 currency that would really only used launder other currencies. 
309 need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
309 can someone please point the correct direction. 
309 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
309 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
309 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
310 from jacobs crackers march ami need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
310 can someone please point the correct direction. 
310 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
310 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
310 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
310 thanksdonation address signature. 
310 since have not seen the best answer posted above will give. 
310 the absolute best way use those unsafe plugins like javascript java and flash follows. 
310 you must use separate machines. 
310 the first machine has other way connecting the internet other than through the second machine preferrably running whonix gateway. 
310 you can also run virtual machine machine for added layer which any exploits malware would need break out first before they can access execute any type code your host operating system. 
310 this point even they are able phone home from your host operating system machine they are not able outside the internet connection from machine running the gateway. 
310 therefore any attempt phoning home will still have through tor. 
310 and long you did not something stupid like use your real name machine leave any identifying information there should identifying information transmitted. 
310 one the possible easier solutions for this called raspberry which runs separate computer gateway through routes all your internet traffic and now there company selling something called onion which has been set specifically route all your traffic through tor and the itself mini computer that acts gateway. 
310 com products thank you. 
311 you should really careful using javascript altogether from what understand. 
311 but you choose use whonix believe the whonix developers recommend using physical gateway and workstation rather than using two virtual machines. 
311 org wiki main pagehowever would imagine there should another option other than using javascript all. 
311 javascript flash iframe well some other plugins really arent recommended you are attempting stay anonymous whether you are using virtualization technology not. 
311 certainly using whonix would your best option has been mentioned but javascript truly should avoided altogether whenever possible even technology itself has its flaws and well. 
311 perhaps there another option using javascript altogether why you feel absolutely necessary use javascript your situation. 
312 hello currently have vendors. 
313 take snapshot your whonix workstation before you start. 
313 enable javascript whatever you need. 
313 when youre done revert the snapshot whonix workstation its previous backup. 
313 obviously anything you saved the whonix workstation will gone after you restore you need save something use shared folder make other arrangements. 
313 not perfect because anything that manages break out the whonix workstation and into virtualbox could still persist but thats probably the safest easy way. 
314 even btc they require trade maybe this good time for some quiality forgeries. 
315 from jules winnfield march ami think its only slow paced because the beginning forums trashed saying was scam site. 
315 bsm not having forum has saved from shills because they have nowhere scare customers off either which great. 
315 dont think there even reddit sub for. 
315 lets keep that way. 
315 hub sub forum fairly new there has not been flood shills here either. 
315 hub forums seem attract the nicest people. 
315 its still around and has proven its not scam site. 
315 there ever often wave buyers. 
315 agree the forums absolutely trashed bsm first. 
315 still never hear brought there. 
315 spreading the word people like. 
315 has been and running without much hiccup for months even its hayday couldnt say that. 
316 from shitstormy march pmbitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
316 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
316 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
316 coinjoin mixers like shared coin and the planned dark wallet are not completely anonymous like bitcoin fog. 
316 they not guarantee zero percent taint. 
316 info discontinued send shared bitcoin fog seems the most trusted traditional mixing service. 
316 darkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
317 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
317 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
317 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
317 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
317 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
317 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
317 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
317 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
317 very secure and anonymous though. 
318 joo itekki oon yritt googlailla kyselly psc. 
318 mutta vihdoin ysin jonkunlaisen ohjeen thorlaudalta mutta rahasta muihin kuluihin. 
319 any vendors future vendors who are having trouble shipping anonymously please just. 
319 will actually teach you how print labels with tracking. 
319 wont charge you for the info either. 
319 but for fucks sake. 
319 dont pay party and risk your customers privacy. 
320 safepostage its good idea. 
320 just not for vendors. 
320 you are not then you will huge target for. 
320 your database would hold all the info that everyone has been working hard encrypt. 
321 from evilgrin march its legit its great idea. 
321 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
321 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
321 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
321 noobs need this sort thing. 
321 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
321 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
321 stop giving these guys hard time. 
321 noobs need these services. 
321 lets say they are legit. 
321 now all these noob vendors can use these services. 
321 what happens safepostage decides start blackmailing people and when pops them not just trying asshole. 
321 trying help the community. 
322 from jules winnfield march ami think its only slow paced because the beginning forums trashed saying was scam site. 
322 bsm not having forum has saved from shills because they have nowhere scare customers off either which great. 
322 dont think there even reddit sub for. 
322 lets keep that way. 
322 hub sub forum fairly new there has not been flood shills here either. 
322 hub forums seem attract the nicest people. 
322 its still around and has proven its not scam site. 
322 there ever often wave buyers. 
322 agree the forums absolutely trashed bsm first. 
322 still never hear brought there. 
322 spreading the word people like. 
322 has been and running without much hiccup for months even its hayday couldnt say that. 
323 hei mietin ett voisi olla hyv jos jostain asetuksista saisi valita bitcoinejen sijasta mbtc joka ainakin minun mielest jotenkin selke mpi. 
324 have the same issue only when try log with liberte. 
324 the captcha just fails load every time. 
325 physical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
326 from jacobs crackers march amcan someone please point the correct direction. 
326 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
326 thats the best solution. 
327 thats really great market. 
328 from evilgrin march its legit its great idea. 
328 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
328 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
328 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
328 noobs need this sort thing. 
328 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
328 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
328 stop giving these guys hard time. 
328 noobs need these services. 
328 lets say they are legit. 
328 now all these noob vendors can use these services. 
328 what happens safepostage decides start blackmailing people and when pops them not just trying asshole. 
328 trying help the community. 
329 any vendors future vendors who are having trouble shipping anonymously please just. 
329 will actually teach you how print labels with tracking. 
329 wont charge you for the info either. 
329 but for fucks sake. 
329 dont pay party and risk your customers privacy. 
330 safepostage its good idea. 
330 just not for vendors. 
330 you are not then you will huge target for. 
330 your database would hold all the info that everyone has been working hard encrypt. 
331 currency that would really only used launder other currencies. 
332 think its only slow paced because the beginning forums trashed saying was scam site. 
332 bsm not having forum has saved from shills because they have nowhere scare customers off either which great. 
332 dont think there even reddit sub for. 
332 lets keep that way. 
332 hub sub forum fairly new there has not been flood shills here either. 
332 hub forums seem attract the nicest people. 
332 its still around and has proven its not scam site. 
332 there ever often wave buyers. 
333 from tub march pmdo you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage dont know not. 
333 would hope there are several. 
333 thekushlife little complicated get postage anonymously. 
333 you sound like you know what youre doing and applaid your efforts. 
333 bet youre not aware the complicated ways the post office and stamps. 
333 com track your computer from one account the other. 
333 its not simple clearing cookies and making fresh. 
333 these guys are almost advanced google when comes tracking people. 
333 even you are aware this not something most people can handle. 
333 consider issues some have with decrypting pgp messages using virtual machine. 
333 being anonymous isnt for everyone. 
333 are aware there are people who have made successful attempts buy postage anonymously their own for years. 
333 this quick turnaround service for those who want spend their bitcoin and receive guaranteed anonymous postage either with stamps tracking labels. 
333 soon will offering priority mail packaging and other shippings well. 
334 blackmailing for what exactly giving information party always concern but believe repeat business. 
334 your privacy and anonymity our utmost concern. 
334 zero records are saved. 
334 decided investigate are doing nothing wrong and would make sure our customer privacy kept confidential matter what. 
334 delete every shred. 
334 this the nature our business. 
334 otherwise would against our mission statement. 
334 the same concerns could brought with services like bitfog yet trusted all over the darkweb. 
334 manual orders can made with through pgp also. 
334 our business model has concern what youre doing with the stamps and shipping labels. 
334 perhaps you have business amazon and you want pay for shipping using bitcoin but they wont allow that. 
334 maybe youre previously suspended ebay seller who needs fresh start and fresh tracking labels for your shipments. 
334 maybe you dont want closed circuit you walk into post office and buy tons express mail stamps. 
334 remembered post office employees when asked. 
334 wish everyone the best luck their endeavors. 
334 please give chance earn your trust. 
335 bitcoin the worst nigthmare for the nwo just don understand why they hadn banned yet. 
336 kapteenin uusi nimi voisi olla the sage tai pelkk sage. 
337 coinspiracies are fun and interesting. 
337 you think they are smart enough have created bitcoin doubt but its not impossible. 
338 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
338 did taint check blockchain. 
338 info and they have trace old coins. 
339 from axa march pmquote from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
339 did taint check blockchain. 
339 info and they have trace old coins. 
339 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
339 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
339 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
339 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin good day give the address deposited coins how would you find out which bitcoins got when withdraw what address withdraw when there link old coins the taint analysis blockchain. 
339 would better deposit today and withdraw tomorrow hide that forum thread very short. 
339 but one saying blenders are stealing bitcoins some services are known scams and this one did not steak bitcoin. 
340 onko iso homma hinnan laitto bitcoineina mul. 
340 bitcoinia paljon sill. 
341 need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
341 can someone please point the correct direction. 
341 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
341 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
341 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
342 from jacobs crackers march ami need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
342 can someone please point the correct direction. 
342 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
342 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
342 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
342 thanksdonation address signature. 
342 since have not seen the best answer posted above will give. 
342 the absolute best way use those unsafe plugins like javascript java and flash follows. 
342 you must use separate machines. 
342 the first machine has other way connecting the internet other than through the second machine preferrably running whonix gateway. 
342 you can also run virtual machine machine for added layer which any exploits malware would need break out first before they can access execute any type code your host operating system. 
342 this point even they are able phone home from your host operating system machine they are not able outside the internet connection from machine running the gateway. 
342 therefore any attempt phoning home will still have through tor. 
342 and long you did not something stupid like use your real name machine leave any identifying information there should identifying information transmitted. 
342 one the possible easier solutions for this called raspberry which runs separate computer gateway through routes all your internet traffic and now there company selling something called onion which has been set specifically route all your traffic through tor and the itself mini computer that acts gateway. 
342 com products thank you. 
343 you should really careful using javascript altogether from what understand. 
343 but you choose use whonix believe the whonix developers recommend using physical gateway and workstation rather than using two virtual machines. 
343 org wiki main pagehowever would imagine there should another option other than using javascript all. 
343 javascript flash iframe well some other plugins really arent recommended you are attempting stay anonymous whether you are using virtualization technology not. 
343 certainly using whonix would your best option has been mentioned but javascript truly should avoided altogether whenever possible even technology itself has its flaws and well. 
343 perhaps there another option using javascript altogether why you feel absolutely necessary use javascript your situation. 
344 thanks everyone for welcoming don't check this place enough and will looking change this. 
345 shit they have. 
345 huh thought they were decent organization. 
345 ill avoid them though. 
345 you got this one. 
346 joo itekki oon yritt googlailla kyselly psc. 
346 mutta vihdoin ysin jonkunlaisen ohjeen thorlaudalta mutta rahasta muihin kuluihin. 
347 from shitstormy march pmbitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
347 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
347 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
347 coinjoin mixers like shared coin and the planned dark wallet are not completely anonymous like bitcoin fog. 
347 they not guarantee zero percent taint. 
347 info discontinued send shared bitcoin fog seems the most trusted traditional mixing service. 
347 darkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
348 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
348 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
349 hopefully does last. 
349 but with all the competition between dark markets and paid trolls more dos attacks could the way. 
350 kapteenista voisi tulla the arbiter tai lightbringer. 
351 yksin tunnetuimpia luotettavimpia kuljetus. 
352 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
352 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
352 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
352 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
352 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
352 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
352 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
352 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
352 very secure and anonymous though. 
353 ehk olet henkil nkaltaista liikett jos ole edes kykenev keksim nime itsellesi kauppa alustalle jota johdat amber roadincense route kings highwayvia mit kansainv listymiseen tulee. 
353 its not worth. 
353 why draw the extra attention you can keep organized functional low profile staying domestic. 
354 tulee kuin liukuhihnalta. 
355 silkkitie kansainv vuonna uuden nimen keksimiseen ytt jien apua alla joidenkin nykyisten lopettaneiden nimi. 
355 outlaw marketthe russian anonymous marketplace black bank bitcoin pirate marketthe majestic market boardtor nine dark valliumred sun nexuscannabis goblin hares marketblack market reloadedutopia. 
356 the speakeasy eli vanha kunnon kieltolain aikainen salakapakka. 
357 nimi ehdotus project scandinavia. 
358 man like you got. 
358 was convinced that used them wallet for like while. 
358 anyway you mind think that the story campbx spreading near and far saw some new posts bitcointalk ill see you later later. 
359 yeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
359 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
359 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
359 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
359 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
359 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
359 the risk low. 
360 its legit its great idea. 
360 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
360 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
360 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
360 noobs need this sort thing. 
360 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
360 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
360 stop giving these guys hard time. 
360 noobs need these services. 
361 the safehouse sellasta tossa mietin. 
361 kapteenille nimeksi libertine. 
362 finnish drug barn tai ihan barn bluewhite barn vis rien. 
363 from justaman march pmsilk road. 
363 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
363 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
363 mielt kaikki mik silkroadiin hyi hyi. 
364 vendors like stay were they can access the biggest customer base which the moment and agora. 
364 there are some good new markets but they just dont have the traffic for vendors put the time logging them every day. 
364 ive been both tor and tor escow for over weeks and have only recieved one sale each. 
365 bitcoin the worst nigthmare for the nwo just don understand why they hadn banned yet. 
366 from jules winnfield march ami think its only slow paced because the beginning forums trashed saying was scam site. 
366 bsm not having forum has saved from shills because they have nowhere scare customers off either which great. 
366 dont think there even reddit sub for. 
366 lets keep that way. 
366 hub sub forum fairly new there has not been flood shills here either. 
366 hub forums seem attract the nicest people. 
366 its still around and has proven its not scam site. 
366 there ever often wave buyers. 
366 agree the forums absolutely trashed bsm first. 
366 still never hear brought there. 
366 spreading the word people like. 
366 has been and running without much hiccup for months even its hayday couldnt say that. 
367 even btc they require trade maybe this good time for some quiality forgeries. 
368 joo itekki oon yritt googlailla kyselly psc. 
368 mutta vihdoin ysin jonkunlaisen ohjeen thorlaudalta mutta rahasta muihin kuluihin. 
369 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
369 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
370 from tub march pmdo you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage dont know not. 
370 would hope there are several. 
370 thekushlife little complicated get postage anonymously. 
370 you sound like you know what youre doing and applaid your efforts. 
370 bet youre not aware the complicated ways the post office and stamps. 
370 com track your computer from one account the other. 
370 its not simple clearing cookies and making fresh. 
370 these guys are almost advanced google when comes tracking people. 
370 even you are aware this not something most people can handle. 
370 consider issues some have with decrypting pgp messages using virtual machine. 
370 being anonymous isnt for everyone. 
370 are aware there are people who have made successful attempts buy postage anonymously their own for years. 
370 this quick turnaround service for those who want spend their bitcoin and receive guaranteed anonymous postage either with stamps tracking labels. 
370 soon will offering priority mail packaging and other shippings well. 
371 blackmailing for what exactly giving information party always concern but believe repeat business. 
371 your privacy and anonymity our utmost concern. 
371 zero records are saved. 
371 decided investigate are doing nothing wrong and would make sure our customer privacy kept confidential matter what. 
371 delete every shred. 
371 this the nature our business. 
371 otherwise would against our mission statement. 
371 the same concerns could brought with services like bitfog yet trusted all over the darkweb. 
371 manual orders can made with through pgp also. 
371 our business model has concern what youre doing with the stamps and shipping labels. 
371 perhaps you have business amazon and you want pay for shipping using bitcoin but they wont allow that. 
371 maybe youre previously suspended ebay seller who needs fresh start and fresh tracking labels for your shipments. 
371 maybe you dont want closed circuit you walk into post office and buy tons express mail stamps. 
371 remembered post office employees when asked. 
371 wish everyone the best luck their endeavors. 
371 please give chance earn your trust. 
372 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
372 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
372 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
372 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
372 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email bitmessage easy use and provides transparent encryption that touted equivalent bit rsa. 
372 there has never been independent security audit however which real sticking point. 
372 seems good way fly under the radar. 
372 for guide with screenshots how setup and use bitmessage you can visit. 
373 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
373 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
374 kapteenista voisi tulla the arbiter tai lightbringer. 
375 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
375 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
376 have the same issue only when try log with liberte. 
376 the captcha just fails load every time. 
377 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
377 did taint check blockchain. 
377 info and they have trace old coins. 
378 from axa march pmquote from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
378 did taint check blockchain. 
378 info and they have trace old coins. 
378 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
378 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
378 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
378 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin good day give the address deposited coins how would you find out which bitcoins got when withdraw what address withdraw when there link old coins the taint analysis blockchain. 
378 would better deposit today and withdraw tomorrow hide that forum thread very short. 
378 but one saying blenders are stealing bitcoins some services are known scams and this one did not steak bitcoin. 
379 man like you got. 
379 was convinced that used them wallet for like while. 
379 anyway you mind think that the story campbx spreading near and far saw some new posts bitcointalk ill see you later later. 
380 safepostage its good idea. 
380 just not for vendors. 
380 you are not then you will huge target for. 
380 your database would hold all the info that everyone has been working hard encrypt. 
381 any vendors future vendors who are having trouble shipping anonymously please just. 
381 will actually teach you how print labels with tracking. 
381 wont charge you for the info either. 
381 but for fucks sake. 
381 dont pay party and risk your customers privacy. 
382 from evilgrin march its legit its great idea. 
382 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
382 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
382 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
382 noobs need this sort thing. 
382 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
382 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
382 stop giving these guys hard time. 
382 noobs need these services. 
382 lets say they are legit. 
382 now all these noob vendors can use these services. 
382 what happens safepostage decides start blackmailing people and when pops them not just trying asshole. 
382 trying help the community. 
383 currency that would really only used launder other currencies. 
384 silkkitie kansainv vuonna uuden nimen keksimiseen ytt jien apua alla joidenkin nykyisten lopettaneiden nimi. 
384 outlaw marketthe russian anonymous marketplace black bank bitcoin pirate marketthe majestic market boardtor nine dark valliumred sun nexuscannabis goblin hares marketblack market reloadedutopia. 
385 kapteenin uusi nimi voisi olla the sage tai pelkk sage. 
386 tulee kuin liukuhihnalta. 
387 yksin tunnetuimpia luotettavimpia kuljetus. 
388 think its only slow paced because the beginning forums trashed saying was scam site. 
388 bsm not having forum has saved from shills because they have nowhere scare customers off either which great. 
388 dont think there even reddit sub for. 
388 lets keep that way. 
388 hub sub forum fairly new there has not been flood shills here either. 
388 hub forums seem attract the nicest people. 
388 its still around and has proven its not scam site. 
388 there ever often wave buyers. 
389 from jules winnfield march ami think its only slow paced because the beginning forums trashed saying was scam site. 
389 bsm not having forum has saved from shills because they have nowhere scare customers off either which great. 
389 dont think there even reddit sub for. 
389 lets keep that way. 
389 hub sub forum fairly new there has not been flood shills here either. 
389 hub forums seem attract the nicest people. 
389 its still around and has proven its not scam site. 
389 there ever often wave buyers. 
389 agree the forums absolutely trashed bsm first. 
389 still never hear brought there. 
389 spreading the word people like. 
389 has been and running without much hiccup for months even its hayday couldnt say that. 
390 have the same issue only when try log with liberte. 
390 the captcha just fails load every time. 
391 coinspiracies are fun and interesting. 
391 you think they are smart enough have created bitcoin doubt but its not impossible. 
392 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
392 did taint check blockchain. 
392 info and they have trace old coins. 
393 man like you got. 
393 was convinced that used them wallet for like while. 
393 anyway you mind think that the story campbx spreading near and far saw some new posts bitcointalk ill see you later later. 
394 from axa march pmquote from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
394 did taint check blockchain. 
394 info and they have trace old coins. 
394 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
394 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
394 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
394 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin good day give the address deposited coins how would you find out which bitcoins got when withdraw what address withdraw when there link old coins the taint analysis blockchain. 
394 would better deposit today and withdraw tomorrow hide that forum thread very short. 
394 but one saying blenders are stealing bitcoins some services are known scams and this one did not steak bitcoin. 
395 thats really great market. 
396 hei mietin ett voisi olla hyv jos jostain asetuksista saisi valita bitcoinejen sijasta mbtc joka ainakin minun mielest jotenkin selke mpi. 
397 from justaman march pmsilk road. 
397 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
397 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
397 mielt kaikki mik silkroadiin hyi hyi. 
398 from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
398 did taint check blockchain. 
398 info and they have trace old coins. 
398 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
398 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
398 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
398 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin. 
399 yeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
399 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
399 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
399 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
399 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
399 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
399 the risk low. 
400 its legit its great idea. 
400 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
400 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
400 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
400 noobs need this sort thing. 
400 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
400 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
400 stop giving these guys hard time. 
400 noobs need these services. 
401 need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
401 can someone please point the correct direction. 
401 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
401 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
401 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
402 from jacobs crackers march ami need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
402 can someone please point the correct direction. 
402 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
402 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
402 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
402 thanksdonation address signature. 
402 since have not seen the best answer posted above will give. 
402 the absolute best way use those unsafe plugins like javascript java and flash follows. 
402 you must use separate machines. 
402 the first machine has other way connecting the internet other than through the second machine preferrably running whonix gateway. 
402 you can also run virtual machine machine for added layer which any exploits malware would need break out first before they can access execute any type code your host operating system. 
402 this point even they are able phone home from your host operating system machine they are not able outside the internet connection from machine running the gateway. 
402 therefore any attempt phoning home will still have through tor. 
402 and long you did not something stupid like use your real name machine leave any identifying information there should identifying information transmitted. 
402 one the possible easier solutions for this called raspberry which runs separate computer gateway through routes all your internet traffic and now there company selling something called onion which has been set specifically route all your traffic through tor and the itself mini computer that acts gateway. 
402 com products thank you. 
403 you should really careful using javascript altogether from what understand. 
403 but you choose use whonix believe the whonix developers recommend using physical gateway and workstation rather than using two virtual machines. 
403 org wiki main pagehowever would imagine there should another option other than using javascript all. 
403 javascript flash iframe well some other plugins really arent recommended you are attempting stay anonymous whether you are using virtualization technology not. 
403 certainly using whonix would your best option has been mentioned but javascript truly should avoided altogether whenever possible even technology itself has its flaws and well. 
403 perhaps there another option using javascript altogether why you feel absolutely necessary use javascript your situation. 
404 the safehouse sellasta tossa mietin. 
404 kapteenille nimeksi libertine. 
405 nimi ehdotus project scandinavia. 
406 finnish drug barn tai ihan barn bluewhite barn vis rien. 
407 hello currently have vendors. 
408 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
408 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
408 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
408 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
408 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email bitmessage easy use and provides transparent encryption that touted equivalent bit rsa. 
408 there has never been independent security audit however which real sticking point. 
408 seems good way fly under the radar. 
408 for guide with screenshots how setup and use bitmessage you can visit. 
409 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
409 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
410 even btc they require trade maybe this good time for some quiality forgeries. 
411 thanks everyone for welcoming don't check this place enough and will looking change this. 
412 the speakeasy eli vanha kunnon kieltolain aikainen salakapakka. 
413 ehk olet henkil nkaltaista liikett jos ole edes kykenev keksim nime itsellesi kauppa alustalle jota johdat amber roadincense route kings highwayvia mit kansainv listymiseen tulee. 
413 its not worth. 
413 why draw the extra attention you can keep organized functional low profile staying domestic. 
414 have the same issue only when try log with liberte. 
414 the captcha just fails load every time. 
415 physical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
416 from jacobs crackers march amcan someone please point the correct direction. 
416 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
416 thats the best solution. 
417 thats really great market. 
418 from evilgrin march its legit its great idea. 
418 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
418 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
418 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
418 noobs need this sort thing. 
418 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
418 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
418 stop giving these guys hard time. 
418 noobs need these services. 
418 lets say they are legit. 
418 now all these noob vendors can use these services. 
418 what happens safepostage decides start blackmailing people and when pops them not just trying asshole. 
418 trying help the community. 
419 any vendors future vendors who are having trouble shipping anonymously please just. 
419 will actually teach you how print labels with tracking. 
419 wont charge you for the info either. 
419 but for fucks sake. 
419 dont pay party and risk your customers privacy. 
420 safepostage its good idea. 
420 just not for vendors. 
420 you are not then you will huge target for. 
420 your database would hold all the info that everyone has been working hard encrypt. 
421 currency that would really only used launder other currencies. 
422 think its only slow paced because the beginning forums trashed saying was scam site. 
422 bsm not having forum has saved from shills because they have nowhere scare customers off either which great. 
422 dont think there even reddit sub for. 
422 lets keep that way. 
422 hub sub forum fairly new there has not been flood shills here either. 
422 hub forums seem attract the nicest people. 
422 its still around and has proven its not scam site. 
422 there ever often wave buyers. 
423 from tub march pmdo you have any established vendors that can vouch for your service safepostage dont know not. 
423 would hope there are several. 
423 thekushlife little complicated get postage anonymously. 
423 you sound like you know what youre doing and applaid your efforts. 
423 bet youre not aware the complicated ways the post office and stamps. 
423 com track your computer from one account the other. 
423 its not simple clearing cookies and making fresh. 
423 these guys are almost advanced google when comes tracking people. 
423 even you are aware this not something most people can handle. 
423 consider issues some have with decrypting pgp messages using virtual machine. 
423 being anonymous isnt for everyone. 
423 are aware there are people who have made successful attempts buy postage anonymously their own for years. 
423 this quick turnaround service for those who want spend their bitcoin and receive guaranteed anonymous postage either with stamps tracking labels. 
423 soon will offering priority mail packaging and other shippings well. 
424 blackmailing for what exactly giving information party always concern but believe repeat business. 
424 your privacy and anonymity our utmost concern. 
424 zero records are saved. 
424 decided investigate are doing nothing wrong and would make sure our customer privacy kept confidential matter what. 
424 delete every shred. 
424 this the nature our business. 
424 otherwise would against our mission statement. 
424 the same concerns could brought with services like bitfog yet trusted all over the darkweb. 
424 manual orders can made with through pgp also. 
424 our business model has concern what youre doing with the stamps and shipping labels. 
424 perhaps you have business amazon and you want pay for shipping using bitcoin but they wont allow that. 
424 maybe youre previously suspended ebay seller who needs fresh start and fresh tracking labels for your shipments. 
424 maybe you dont want closed circuit you walk into post office and buy tons express mail stamps. 
424 remembered post office employees when asked. 
424 wish everyone the best luck their endeavors. 
424 please give chance earn your trust. 
425 bitcoin the worst nigthmare for the nwo just don understand why they hadn banned yet. 
426 kapteenin uusi nimi voisi olla the sage tai pelkk sage. 
427 coinspiracies are fun and interesting. 
427 you think they are smart enough have created bitcoin doubt but its not impossible. 
428 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
428 did taint check blockchain. 
428 info and they have trace old coins. 
429 from axa march pmquote from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
429 did taint check blockchain. 
429 info and they have trace old coins. 
429 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
429 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
429 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
429 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin good day give the address deposited coins how would you find out which bitcoins got when withdraw what address withdraw when there link old coins the taint analysis blockchain. 
429 would better deposit today and withdraw tomorrow hide that forum thread very short. 
429 but one saying blenders are stealing bitcoins some services are known scams and this one did not steak bitcoin. 
430 onko iso homma hinnan laitto bitcoineina mul. 
430 bitcoinia paljon sill. 
431 need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
431 can someone please point the correct direction. 
431 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
431 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
431 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
432 from jacobs crackers march ami need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
432 can someone please point the correct direction. 
432 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
432 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
432 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
432 thanksdonation address signature. 
432 since have not seen the best answer posted above will give. 
432 the absolute best way use those unsafe plugins like javascript java and flash follows. 
432 you must use separate machines. 
432 the first machine has other way connecting the internet other than through the second machine preferrably running whonix gateway. 
432 you can also run virtual machine machine for added layer which any exploits malware would need break out first before they can access execute any type code your host operating system. 
432 this point even they are able phone home from your host operating system machine they are not able outside the internet connection from machine running the gateway. 
432 therefore any attempt phoning home will still have through tor. 
432 and long you did not something stupid like use your real name machine leave any identifying information there should identifying information transmitted. 
432 one the possible easier solutions for this called raspberry which runs separate computer gateway through routes all your internet traffic and now there company selling something called onion which has been set specifically route all your traffic through tor and the itself mini computer that acts gateway. 
432 com products thank you. 
433 you should really careful using javascript altogether from what understand. 
433 but you choose use whonix believe the whonix developers recommend using physical gateway and workstation rather than using two virtual machines. 
433 org wiki main pagehowever would imagine there should another option other than using javascript all. 
433 javascript flash iframe well some other plugins really arent recommended you are attempting stay anonymous whether you are using virtualization technology not. 
433 certainly using whonix would your best option has been mentioned but javascript truly should avoided altogether whenever possible even technology itself has its flaws and well. 
433 perhaps there another option using javascript altogether why you feel absolutely necessary use javascript your situation. 
434 thanks everyone for welcoming don't check this place enough and will looking change this. 
435 shit they have. 
435 huh thought they were decent organization. 
435 ill avoid them though. 
435 you got this one. 
436 joo itekki oon yritt googlailla kyselly psc. 
436 mutta vihdoin ysin jonkunlaisen ohjeen thorlaudalta mutta rahasta muihin kuluihin. 
437 from shitstormy march pmbitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
437 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
437 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
437 coinjoin mixers like shared coin and the planned dark wallet are not completely anonymous like bitcoin fog. 
437 they not guarantee zero percent taint. 
437 info discontinued send shared bitcoin fog seems the most trusted traditional mixing service. 
437 darkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
438 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
438 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
439 hopefully does last. 
439 but with all the competition between dark markets and paid trolls more dos attacks could the way. 
440 kapteenista voisi tulla the arbiter tai lightbringer. 
441 yksin tunnetuimpia luotettavimpia kuljetus. 
442 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
442 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
442 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
442 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
442 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
442 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
442 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
442 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
442 very secure and anonymous though. 
443 ehk olet henkil nkaltaista liikett jos ole edes kykenev keksim nime itsellesi kauppa alustalle jota johdat amber roadincense route kings highwayvia mit kansainv listymiseen tulee. 
443 its not worth. 
443 why draw the extra attention you can keep organized functional low profile staying domestic. 
444 tulee kuin liukuhihnalta. 
445 silkkitie kansainv vuonna uuden nimen keksimiseen ytt jien apua alla joidenkin nykyisten lopettaneiden nimi. 
445 outlaw marketthe russian anonymous marketplace black bank bitcoin pirate marketthe majestic market boardtor nine dark valliumred sun nexuscannabis goblin hares marketblack market reloadedutopia. 
446 the speakeasy eli vanha kunnon kieltolain aikainen salakapakka. 
447 nimi ehdotus project scandinavia. 
448 man like you got. 
448 was convinced that used them wallet for like while. 
448 anyway you mind think that the story campbx spreading near and far saw some new posts bitcointalk ill see you later later. 
449 yeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
449 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
449 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
449 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
449 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
449 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
449 the risk low. 
450 its legit its great idea. 
450 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
450 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
450 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
450 noobs need this sort thing. 
450 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
450 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
450 stop giving these guys hard time. 
450 noobs need these services. 
451 the safehouse sellasta tossa mietin. 
451 kapteenille nimeksi libertine. 
452 finnish drug barn tai ihan barn bluewhite barn vis rien. 
453 from justaman march pmsilk road. 
453 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
453 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
453 mielt kaikki mik silkroadiin hyi hyi. 
454 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
454 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
455 from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
455 did taint check blockchain. 
455 info and they have trace old coins. 
455 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
455 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
455 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
455 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin. 
456 vendors like stay were they can access the biggest customer base which the moment and agora. 
456 there are some good new markets but they just dont have the traffic for vendors put the time logging them every day. 
456 ive been both tor and tor escow for over weeks and have only recieved one sale each. 
457 take snapshot your whonix workstation before you start. 
457 enable javascript whatever you need. 
457 when youre done revert the snapshot whonix workstation its previous backup. 
457 obviously anything you saved the whonix workstation will gone after you restore you need save something use shared folder make other arrangements. 
457 not perfect because anything that manages break out the whonix workstation and into virtualbox could still persist but thats probably the safest easy way. 
458 hello currently have vendors. 
459 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
459 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
459 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
459 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
459 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email bitmessage easy use and provides transparent encryption that touted equivalent bit rsa. 
459 there has never been independent security audit however which real sticking point. 
459 seems good way fly under the radar. 
459 for guide with screenshots how setup and use bitmessage you can visit. 
460 bitcoin the worst nigthmare for the nwo just don understand why they hadn banned yet. 
461 kapteenin uusi nimi voisi olla the sage tai pelkk sage. 
462 coinspiracies are fun and interesting. 
462 you think they are smart enough have created bitcoin doubt but its not impossible. 
463 from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
463 did taint check blockchain. 
463 info and they have trace old coins. 
464 from axa march pmquote from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
464 did taint check blockchain. 
464 info and they have trace old coins. 
464 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
464 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
464 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
464 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin good day give the address deposited coins how would you find out which bitcoins got when withdraw what address withdraw when there link old coins the taint analysis blockchain. 
464 would better deposit today and withdraw tomorrow hide that forum thread very short. 
464 but one saying blenders are stealing bitcoins some services are known scams and this one did not steak bitcoin. 
465 onko iso homma hinnan laitto bitcoineina mul. 
465 bitcoinia paljon sill. 
466 need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
466 can someone please point the correct direction. 
466 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
466 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
466 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
467 from jacobs crackers march ami need anonymously access website but need use its fully function state. 
467 can someone please point the correct direction. 
467 best can think running tor and allowing javascript run the browser. 
467 please any tech gurus with alternative method what mentioned for reward. 
467 sitting cafe using public wifi not solution its additional security precaution. 
467 thanksdonation address signature. 
467 since have not seen the best answer posted above will give. 
467 the absolute best way use those unsafe plugins like javascript java and flash follows. 
467 you must use separate machines. 
467 the first machine has other way connecting the internet other than through the second machine preferrably running whonix gateway. 
467 you can also run virtual machine machine for added layer which any exploits malware would need break out first before they can access execute any type code your host operating system. 
467 this point even they are able phone home from your host operating system machine they are not able outside the internet connection from machine running the gateway. 
467 therefore any attempt phoning home will still have through tor. 
467 and long you did not something stupid like use your real name machine leave any identifying information there should identifying information transmitted. 
467 one the possible easier solutions for this called raspberry which runs separate computer gateway through routes all your internet traffic and now there company selling something called onion which has been set specifically route all your traffic through tor and the itself mini computer that acts gateway. 
467 com products thank you. 
468 you should really careful using javascript altogether from what understand. 
468 but you choose use whonix believe the whonix developers recommend using physical gateway and workstation rather than using two virtual machines. 
468 org wiki main pagehowever would imagine there should another option other than using javascript all. 
468 javascript flash iframe well some other plugins really arent recommended you are attempting stay anonymous whether you are using virtualization technology not. 
468 certainly using whonix would your best option has been mentioned but javascript truly should avoided altogether whenever possible even technology itself has its flaws and well. 
468 perhaps there another option using javascript altogether why you feel absolutely necessary use javascript your situation. 
469 thanks everyone for welcoming don't check this place enough and will looking change this. 
470 shit they have. 
470 huh thought they were decent organization. 
470 ill avoid them though. 
470 you got this one. 
471 joo itekki oon yritt googlailla kyselly psc. 
471 mutta vihdoin ysin jonkunlaisen ohjeen thorlaudalta mutta rahasta muihin kuluihin. 
472 from shitstormy march pmbitblender youre little late the game btcfog nearing eol this point with darkcoin and darkwallet two seperate coinjoin projects reaching completion. 
472 also takes alot participation make mixer work and without peer review its impossible say whether your service works not. 
472 got two trust based mixers now they will dead the end the year. 
472 coinjoin mixers like shared coin and the planned dark wallet are not completely anonymous like bitcoin fog. 
472 they not guarantee zero percent taint. 
472 info discontinued send shared bitcoin fog seems the most trusted traditional mixing service. 
472 darkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
473 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
473 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
474 hopefully does last. 
474 but with all the competition between dark markets and paid trolls more dos attacks could the way. 
475 kapteenista voisi tulla the arbiter tai lightbringer. 
476 yksin tunnetuimpia luotettavimpia kuljetus. 
477 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
477 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
477 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
477 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
477 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
477 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
477 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
477 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
477 very secure and anonymous though. 
478 ehk olet henkil nkaltaista liikett jos ole edes kykenev keksim nime itsellesi kauppa alustalle jota johdat amber roadincense route kings highwayvia mit kansainv listymiseen tulee. 
478 its not worth. 
478 why draw the extra attention you can keep organized functional low profile staying domestic. 
479 tulee kuin liukuhihnalta. 
480 silkkitie kansainv vuonna uuden nimen keksimiseen ytt jien apua alla joidenkin nykyisten lopettaneiden nimi. 
480 outlaw marketthe russian anonymous marketplace black bank bitcoin pirate marketthe majestic market boardtor nine dark valliumred sun nexuscannabis goblin hares marketblack market reloadedutopia. 
481 the speakeasy eli vanha kunnon kieltolain aikainen salakapakka. 
482 nimi ehdotus project scandinavia. 
483 man like you got. 
483 was convinced that used them wallet for like while. 
483 anyway you mind think that the story campbx spreading near and far saw some new posts bitcointalk ill see you later later. 
484 yeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
484 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
484 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
484 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
484 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
484 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
484 the risk low. 
485 its legit its great idea. 
485 people who know how secure have idea how not secure the majority. 
485 people dont even encrypt their addresses when buying guns know this for fact. 
485 there service that can help the noobs its awesome. 
485 noobs need this sort thing. 
485 and myself hate the idea going the post office with box full drugs hand and talking the post office people. 
485 must admit though would much rather that than have the shipping labels mailed directly via some onion service. 
485 stop giving these guys hard time. 
485 noobs need these services. 
486 the safehouse sellasta tossa mietin. 
486 kapteenille nimeksi libertine. 
487 finnish drug barn tai ihan barn bluewhite barn vis rien. 
488 from justaman march pmsilk road. 
488 kaikella mielest huono nimi. 
488 tulee heti mieleen poliisit fbi pid tykset. 
488 mielt kaikki mik silkroadiin hyi hyi. 
489 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
489 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
490 from snolimorni march pmquote from organix march pmwith bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling used bitcoin blender coins went and out minutes. 
490 did taint check blockchain. 
490 info and they have trace old coins. 
490 coins going and out quickly from mixer actually not desired there should variable delay help prevent analysis adversary. 
490 here the review thread for bitcoin blender the bitcoin forum. 
490 compare the review thread for bitcoin fog. 
490 which service you trust not steal your bitcoin. 
491 vendors like stay were they can access the biggest customer base which the moment and agora. 
491 there are some good new markets but they just dont have the traffic for vendors put the time logging them every day. 
491 ive been both tor and tor escow for over weeks and have only recieved one sale each. 
492 take snapshot your whonix workstation before you start. 
492 enable javascript whatever you need. 
492 when youre done revert the snapshot whonix workstation its previous backup. 
492 obviously anything you saved the whonix workstation will gone after you restore you need save something use shared folder make other arrangements. 
492 not perfect because anything that manages break out the whonix workstation and into virtualbox could still persist but thats probably the safest easy way. 
493 hello currently have vendors. 
494 from weeble march amjust read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
494 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
494 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
494 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
494 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email bitmessage easy use and provides transparent encryption that touted equivalent bit rsa. 
494 there has never been independent security audit however which real sticking point. 
494 seems good way fly under the radar. 
494 for guide with screenshots how setup and use bitmessage you can visit. 
495 from safepostage march ami agree. 
495 were also making people sign with account. 
495 theres record who bought what. 
495 just email address send shipping label. 
495 can different each time dont care. 
495 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
495 but course would say that. 
495 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
495 gotta lay off the drugs. 
495 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
495 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
495 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
495 all favor and dont lol. 
496 from jolly roger march amthank you. 
496 please personally wouldnt charge you for the same information. 
496 this community should both free and opensource. 
496 always try search for your answers before ever paying for them. 
496 and never forget there are also some other really great places out there get some really great free and accurate security advice well. 
496 wilders security forums one such place. 
496 com well the superuser forums. 
496 comive also always enjoyed reading bruce schneiners blog well. 
496 found this page particularly interesting. 
496 granted article from october last year but its still some pretty amazing technology tor users are against out there how the nsa attacks tor firefox users with quantum and foxacid. 
496 com blog archives how the nsa att. 
496 htmlsorry for bringing this slightly off topic but personally feel advice should free the internet. 
497 from firelight march amphysical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
497 never forget you can always just root cheap android smartphone run debian linux. 
497 just use raspberry physical gateway was mentioned. 
497 there not always need buy two computers laptops create physical gateway. 
497 and truly far safer well recommended the whonix developers themselves rather than using two virtual machines. 
497 all the information you need the whonix website listed above. 
498 also agree that axas guide secure email providers one the most complete have seen the internet. 
498 good job axa just sure your research before placing trust any email provider individual rules well data retention laws and other such factors vary between providers and countries well. 
498 and always use gpg regardless. 
499 well from what can gather looking more and more like agora has run its race. 
499 say this with great dissapointment. 
499 not just because more lost vendor bonds and such. 
499 but ther fuck all else left. 
499 thank god deepify has the answer. 
499 all have got for the last hours this. 
499 iceweasel cant find the file. 
499 its not its server. 
500 well these last months have cetainly felt like years worth drama. 
501 drugheavenco tai pelkk drugheaven. 
501 tai uusi nimimerkki officer. 
502 its interesting the whole group think thing. 
502 mean you have all these buyers who crowd one market and then they wonder why that market runs away with their funds. 
502 maybe million bucks just too much temptation. 
502 think the markets ought work together some way spread the load. 
502 maybe that stupid idea dont really know. 
502 know the markets want make all the money but having one place just silly really. 
502 still think back backopy and bmr and why wanted shutdown. 
502 without more markets spread load and action then just too risky. 
502 understand about having check bunch sites everyday and orders whatever. 
502 only many hours guess. 
503 great hear your agoria you were reg vendor last year everything allways top notch. 
504 you are not talking about darkwallet but about new alt coin called darkcoin cause never heard. 
505 how does work. 
505 advertise the pirate market somewhere. 
505 create image and upload anony. 
505 send private message with your username the pirate market image link and link the advertisment. 
505 does somewhere mean online not both. 
506 you start learning today you might good enough make market two four years. 
506 but you also need learn how secure server more like years you are starting from what essentially nothing. 
506 its great plan start learning these things but dont read php for dummies and then run out and host market you set windows server over rdp. 
507 just thought post link avids thread here. 
508 god damnit this shit making mad. 
508 all ask for life one god damn site thats open more than months time. 
509 beyond aggravating when you cant even logged long enough answer messages and customer support. 
509 ughh loving this market too hope they fix this and soon. 
510 worked early for. 
510 havent seen since. 
511 from quirk march ami dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
511 agree just because pain use not because any defects susimail bote. 
512 from evilgrin march pmyeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
512 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
512 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
512 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
512 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
512 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
512 the risk low. 
512 were also making people sign with account. 
512 theres record who bought what. 
512 just email address send shipping label. 
512 can different each time dont care. 
512 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
512 but course would say that. 
513 from jeesus march amlaitas linkki eijaksa sin siihen joskus sitte eik kiinnostas ehtii mutta jos siihen niin. 
514 from evilgrin march amquote from safepostage march ami agree. 
514 were also making people sign with account. 
514 theres record who bought what. 
514 just email address send shipping label. 
514 can different each time dont care. 
514 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
514 but course would say that. 
514 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
514 gotta lay off the drugs. 
514 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
514 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
514 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
514 all favor and dont lol. 
514 yes email the label you can print can also mail the label postage whatever you want. 
514 typically just email the pdf jpeg the shipping label upload email you can download then you print out and attach your package. 
515 subbing for one the best vendors. 
516 bitcoin could not possibly because runs counter everything the control freakish elites and the nwo stand for. 
516 neither btc not gold and silver fulfill that role. 
517 tuosta doctor whosta tuli mieleen ett tardis tai sitten joku. 
518 vaikka land hope tai realm hope hope sanan tilalle mahollisesti dreamstoivoa paremmasta kansalle siisja yll pit voisi olla vaikka the protector tai overseer joo oikeen irtoo nyt pit jotain mietti joskus jos. 
519 seems like agora does not have any support same over here different support tickets over the last weeks with answer. 
520 have not been able successfully use blockchain from tails can create account but when log the username and password fields never load. 
520 this issue with javascript something maybe someone could tell how adjust settings allow this. 
521 dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
522 not disputing the fact that physical isolation the most secure merely bringing the fact that different people have different threat models. 
522 you know theres non zero chance that you might get shot any time but you dont wear bullet proof vest all the time. 
522 think about why. 
522 whonix probably good enough visit the site that talking about and its free and can deployed under half hour. 
522 theres not much point debating this any further. 
523 ill check out. 
524 anywhere the clearnet too what create pic and upload avatar every post make any forums. 
524 that would new advertisement everytime and youre willing pay. 
524 btc for every post make youve got kidding. 
524 not game the math just doesnt add see sense this but look forward hear from you. 
525 tipulla kyll hyvi pointteja. 
525 miksei olemassa oleva kauppa riit aina kun jokin asia vaikeammin hallittavissa virhealttius mit isompi bisnes sit enemm ker huomiota kateellisilta virkavallalta. 
525 valitettavasti isomman bisneksen tulee aina isommat voitot mik hieman voittamattoman olotilan. 
527 these are the packets that make the ops orginal key public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet georgie boy. 
527 net signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits contrast here are your packets. 
527 public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet muddy boots fakestreet safe mail. 
527 net signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key acc data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key acc data bits eventually think rsa going phased out the perfected asymmetric algorithm fol gecc readily doing real time with wides pread support. 
528 good feeling about your and only post blowing outlawmarket completion. 
528 still itd nice havin nothr market round here. 
529 and its gone. 
529 this time anyways. 
530 the site looks nice easy sign skulls etc. 
530 dont you think there should more skulls. 
531 dont see much point getting darkcoins unless you can use them buy something expect the value. 
531 the fact that they will use coinjoin default isnt too important when you can use coinjoin with bitcoins and there are lot more people mix your coins with. 
532 from jolly roger march amthank you. 
532 please personally wouldnt charge you for the same information. 
532 this community should both free and opensource. 
532 always try search for your answers before ever paying for them. 
532 and never forget there are also some other really great places out there get some really great free and accurate security advice well. 
532 wilders security forums one such place. 
532 com well the superuser forums. 
532 comive also always enjoyed reading bruce schneiners blog well. 
532 found this page particularly interesting. 
532 granted article from october last year but its still some pretty amazing technology tor users are against out there how the nsa attacks tor firefox users with quantum and foxacid. 
532 com blog archives how the nsa att. 
532 htmlsorry for bringing this slightly off topic but personally feel advice should free the internet. 
533 god damnit this shit making mad. 
533 all ask for life one god damn site thats open more than months time. 
534 from firelight march amphysical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
534 never forget you can always just root cheap android smartphone run debian linux. 
534 just use raspberry physical gateway was mentioned. 
534 there not always need buy two computers laptops create physical gateway. 
534 and truly far safer well recommended the whonix developers themselves rather than using two virtual machines. 
534 all the information you need the whonix website listed above. 
535 subbing for one the best vendors. 
536 havent any luck with trying setup new account well just replies. 
536 but weve moved onto other markets since. 
537 there are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
537 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
537 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
539 have not been able successfully use blockchain from tails can create account but when log the username and password fields never load. 
539 this issue with javascript something maybe someone could tell how adjust settings allow this. 
540 gone for too. 
541 just thought post link avids thread here. 
542 seems like agora does not have any support same over here different support tickets over the last weeks with answer. 
543 worked early for. 
543 havent seen since. 
544 from quirk march ami dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
544 agree just because pain use not because any defects susimail bote. 
545 from jeesus march amlaitas linkki eijaksa sin siihen joskus sitte eik kiinnostas ehtii mutta jos siihen niin. 
546 wish had good source for domestic fake and youd need ssn too. 
547 dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
548 from thekushlife march amive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
548 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
548 thanks been looking for good fog alternative well think ive lost coins from week ago. 
548 never showed and support since. 
548 think the downtime with agora all tied and smell something fishy there. 
548 ill try them and post review too. 
549 ive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
549 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
550 you are not talking about darkwallet but about new alt coin called darkcoin cause never heard. 
551 definately agree different people have diiferent threat models. 
551 and therefore buyers and sellers should act accordingly. 
552 great hear your agoria you were reg vendor last year everything allways top notch. 
553 thank you for your time owock all working order. 
553 one question purely out interest public key looks noticeably longer than ops that because using key size and isnt missing something. 
554 not disputing the fact that physical isolation the most secure merely bringing the fact that different people have different threat models. 
554 you know theres non zero chance that you might get shot any time but you dont wear bullet proof vest all the time. 
554 think about why. 
554 whonix probably good enough visit the site that talking about and its free and can deployed under half hour. 
554 theres not much point debating this any further. 
555 wish had good source for domestic fake and youd need ssn too. 
556 dont see much point getting darkcoins unless you can use them buy something expect the value. 
556 the fact that they will use coinjoin default isnt too important when you can use coinjoin with bitcoins and there are lot more people mix your coins with. 
557 from evilgrin march pmyeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
557 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
557 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
557 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
557 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
557 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
557 the risk low. 
557 were also making people sign with account. 
557 theres record who bought what. 
557 just email address send shipping label. 
557 can different each time dont care. 
557 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
557 but course would say that. 
558 from evilgrin march amquote from safepostage march ami agree. 
558 were also making people sign with account. 
558 theres record who bought what. 
558 just email address send shipping label. 
558 can different each time dont care. 
558 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
558 but course would say that. 
558 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
558 gotta lay off the drugs. 
558 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
558 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
558 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
558 all favor and dont lol. 
558 yes email the label you can print can also mail the label postage whatever you want. 
558 typically just email the pdf jpeg the shipping label upload email you can download then you print out and attach your package. 
559 bitcoin could not possibly because runs counter everything the control freakish elites and the nwo stand for. 
559 neither btc not gold and silver fulfill that role. 
561 seems like agora does not have any support same over here different support tickets over the last weeks with answer. 
562 dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
563 bluesky was scam. 
564 anywhere the clearnet too what create pic and upload avatar every post make any forums. 
564 that would new advertisement everytime and youre willing pay. 
564 btc for every post make youve got kidding. 
564 not game the math just doesnt add see sense this but look forward hear from you. 
565 from jolly roger march amthank you. 
565 please personally wouldnt charge you for the same information. 
565 this community should both free and opensource. 
565 always try search for your answers before ever paying for them. 
565 and never forget there are also some other really great places out there get some really great free and accurate security advice well. 
565 wilders security forums one such place. 
565 com well the superuser forums. 
565 comive also always enjoyed reading bruce schneiners blog well. 
565 found this page particularly interesting. 
565 granted article from october last year but its still some pretty amazing technology tor users are against out there how the nsa attacks tor firefox users with quantum and foxacid. 
565 com blog archives how the nsa att. 
565 htmlsorry for bringing this slightly off topic but personally feel advice should free the internet. 
566 from firelight march amphysical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
566 never forget you can always just root cheap android smartphone run debian linux. 
566 just use raspberry physical gateway was mentioned. 
566 there not always need buy two computers laptops create physical gateway. 
566 and truly far safer well recommended the whonix developers themselves rather than using two virtual machines. 
566 all the information you need the whonix website listed above. 
567 these are the packets that make the ops orginal key public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet georgie boy. 
567 net signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits contrast here are your packets. 
567 public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet muddy boots fakestreet safe mail. 
567 net signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key acc data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key acc data bits eventually think rsa going phased out the perfected asymmetric algorithm fol gecc readily doing real time with wides pread support. 
568 worked early for. 
568 havent seen since. 
569 from thekushlife march amive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
569 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
569 thanks been looking for good fog alternative well think ive lost coins from week ago. 
569 never showed and support since. 
569 think the downtime with agora all tied and smell something fishy there. 
569 ill try them and post review too. 
570 ive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
570 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
571 ill check out. 
572 from jeesus march amlaitas linkki eijaksa sin siihen joskus sitte eik kiinnostas ehtii mutta jos siihen niin. 
573 havent any luck with trying setup new account well just replies. 
573 but weve moved onto other markets since. 
574 there are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
574 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
574 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
575 tipulla kyll hyvi pointteja. 
575 miksei olemassa oleva kauppa riit aina kun jokin asia vaikeammin hallittavissa virhealttius mit isompi bisnes sit enemm ker huomiota kateellisilta virkavallalta. 
575 valitettavasti isomman bisneksen tulee aina isommat voitot mik hieman voittamattoman olotilan. 
576 from quirk march ami dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
576 agree just because pain use not because any defects susimail bote. 
577 from safepostage march ami agree. 
577 were also making people sign with account. 
577 theres record who bought what. 
577 just email address send shipping label. 
577 can different each time dont care. 
577 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
577 but course would say that. 
577 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
577 gotta lay off the drugs. 
577 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
577 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
577 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
577 all favor and dont lol. 
578 drugheavenco tai pelkk drugheaven. 
578 tai uusi nimimerkki officer. 
579 subbing for one the best vendors. 
580 well from what can gather looking more and more like agora has run its race. 
580 say this with great dissapointment. 
580 not just because more lost vendor bonds and such. 
580 but ther fuck all else left. 
580 thank god deepify has the answer. 
580 all have got for the last hours this. 
580 iceweasel cant find the file. 
580 its not its server. 
581 well these last months have cetainly felt like years worth drama. 
582 and its gone. 
582 this time anyways. 
583 how does work. 
583 advertise the pirate market somewhere. 
583 create image and upload anony. 
583 send private message with your username the pirate market image link and link the advertisment. 
583 does somewhere mean online not both. 
584 tuosta doctor whosta tuli mieleen ett tardis tai sitten joku. 
585 vaikka land hope tai realm hope hope sanan tilalle mahollisesti dreamstoivoa paremmasta kansalle siisja yll pit voisi olla vaikka the protector tai overseer joo oikeen irtoo nyt pit jotain mietti joskus jos. 
586 gone for too. 
587 from dancingbear march amblond wig fog taking very long time deposits and withdrawals there any other service way tumble coins that worth too would like know this used have confidence fog but the recent events make very nervous push any sizeable amount coin through their service. 
588 have not been able successfully use blockchain from tails can create account but when log the username and password fields never load. 
588 this issue with javascript something maybe someone could tell how adjust settings allow this. 
589 seems like agora does not have any support same over here different support tickets over the last weeks with answer. 
590 its interesting the whole group think thing. 
590 mean you have all these buyers who crowd one market and then they wonder why that market runs away with their funds. 
590 maybe million bucks just too much temptation. 
590 think the markets ought work together some way spread the load. 
590 maybe that stupid idea dont really know. 
590 know the markets want make all the money but having one place just silly really. 
590 still think back backopy and bmr and why wanted shutdown. 
590 without more markets spread load and action then just too risky. 
590 understand about having check bunch sites everyday and orders whatever. 
590 only many hours guess. 
591 and its gone. 
591 this time anyways. 
592 bluesky was scam. 
593 bitcoin could not possibly because runs counter everything the control freakish elites and the nwo stand for. 
593 neither btc not gold and silver fulfill that role. 
594 from jeesus march amlaitas linkki eijaksa sin siihen joskus sitte eik kiinnostas ehtii mutta jos siihen niin. 
595 beyond aggravating when you cant even logged long enough answer messages and customer support. 
595 ughh loving this market too hope they fix this and soon. 
596 from evilgrin march pmyeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
596 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
596 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
596 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
596 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
596 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
596 the risk low. 
596 were also making people sign with account. 
596 theres record who bought what. 
596 just email address send shipping label. 
596 can different each time dont care. 
596 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
596 but course would say that. 
597 from evilgrin march amquote from safepostage march ami agree. 
597 were also making people sign with account. 
597 theres record who bought what. 
597 just email address send shipping label. 
597 can different each time dont care. 
597 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
597 but course would say that. 
597 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
597 gotta lay off the drugs. 
597 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
597 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
597 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
597 all favor and dont lol. 
597 yes email the label you can print can also mail the label postage whatever you want. 
597 typically just email the pdf jpeg the shipping label upload email you can download then you print out and attach your package. 
598 you are not talking about darkwallet but about new alt coin called darkcoin cause never heard. 
599 vaikka land hope tai realm hope hope sanan tilalle mahollisesti dreamstoivoa paremmasta kansalle siisja yll pit voisi olla vaikka the protector tai overseer joo oikeen irtoo nyt pit jotain mietti joskus jos. 
600 havent any luck with trying setup new account well just replies. 
600 but weve moved onto other markets since. 
601 there are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
601 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
601 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
602 anywhere the clearnet too what create pic and upload avatar every post make any forums. 
602 that would new advertisement everytime and youre willing pay. 
602 btc for every post make youve got kidding. 
602 not game the math just doesnt add see sense this but look forward hear from you. 
603 ill check out. 
604 dont see much point getting darkcoins unless you can use them buy something expect the value. 
604 the fact that they will use coinjoin default isnt too important when you can use coinjoin with bitcoins and there are lot more people mix your coins with. 
605 tipulla kyll hyvi pointteja. 
605 miksei olemassa oleva kauppa riit aina kun jokin asia vaikeammin hallittavissa virhealttius mit isompi bisnes sit enemm ker huomiota kateellisilta virkavallalta. 
605 valitettavasti isomman bisneksen tulee aina isommat voitot mik hieman voittamattoman olotilan. 
606 wish had good source for domestic fake and youd need ssn too. 
607 wish had good source for domestic fake and youd need ssn too. 
608 bluesky was scam. 
610 ive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
610 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
611 from thekushlife march amive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
611 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
611 thanks been looking for good fog alternative well think ive lost coins from week ago. 
611 never showed and support since. 
611 think the downtime with agora all tied and smell something fishy there. 
611 ill try them and post review too. 
612 thank you for your time owock all working order. 
612 one question purely out interest public key looks noticeably longer than ops that because using key size and isnt missing something. 
613 havent any luck with trying setup new account well just replies. 
613 but weve moved onto other markets since. 
614 there are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
614 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
614 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
615 gone for too. 
616 definately agree different people have diiferent threat models. 
616 and therefore buyers and sellers should act accordingly. 
617 you contact with admins explains something more. 
617 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
618 from owockeznan march amthese are the packets that make the ops orginal key public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet georgie boy. 
618 net signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits contrast here are your packets. 
618 public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet muddy boots fakestreet safe mail. 
618 net signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key acc data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key acc data bits eventually think rsa going phased out the perfected asymmetric algorithm fol gecc readily doing real time with wides pread support. 
618 rsa probably going phased out eventually. 
618 whether ecc something else replaces remains seen. 
618 although ecc was seen the and coming technology given that was prompted heavily the nsa now makes suspect. 
618 know that least some the applications using ecc such random number generator rng had odd constants included part the standard likely the nsas insistence. 
618 another problem with ecc that many curves are currently under patent the. 
618 those are not likely find wide adoption that basis. 
619 from safepostage march ami agree. 
619 were also making people sign with account. 
619 theres record who bought what. 
619 just email address send shipping label. 
619 can different each time dont care. 
619 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
619 but course would say that. 
619 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
619 gotta lay off the drugs. 
619 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
619 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
619 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
619 all favor and dont lol. 
620 from jolly roger march amthank you. 
620 please personally wouldnt charge you for the same information. 
620 this community should both free and opensource. 
620 always try search for your answers before ever paying for them. 
620 and never forget there are also some other really great places out there get some really great free and accurate security advice well. 
620 wilders security forums one such place. 
620 com well the superuser forums. 
620 comive also always enjoyed reading bruce schneiners blog well. 
620 found this page particularly interesting. 
620 granted article from october last year but its still some pretty amazing technology tor users are against out there how the nsa attacks tor firefox users with quantum and foxacid. 
620 com blog archives how the nsa att. 
620 htmlsorry for bringing this slightly off topic but personally feel advice should free the internet. 
621 from firelight march amphysical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
621 never forget you can always just root cheap android smartphone run debian linux. 
621 just use raspberry physical gateway was mentioned. 
621 there not always need buy two computers laptops create physical gateway. 
621 and truly far safer well recommended the whonix developers themselves rather than using two virtual machines. 
621 all the information you need the whonix website listed above. 
622 also agree that axas guide secure email providers one the most complete have seen the internet. 
622 good job axa just sure your research before placing trust any email provider individual rules well data retention laws and other such factors vary between providers and countries well. 
622 and always use gpg regardless. 
623 well from what can gather looking more and more like agora has run its race. 
623 say this with great dissapointment. 
623 not just because more lost vendor bonds and such. 
623 but ther fuck all else left. 
623 thank god deepify has the answer. 
623 all have got for the last hours this. 
623 iceweasel cant find the file. 
623 its not its server. 
624 well these last months have cetainly felt like years worth drama. 
625 drugheavenco tai pelkk drugheaven. 
625 tai uusi nimimerkki officer. 
627 god damnit this shit making mad. 
627 all ask for life one god damn site thats open more than months time. 
628 just thought post link avids thread here. 
629 beyond aggravating when you cant even logged long enough answer messages and customer support. 
629 ughh loving this market too hope they fix this and soon. 
630 the site looks nice easy sign skulls etc. 
630 dont you think there should more skulls. 
631 good feeling about your and only post blowing outlawmarket completion. 
631 still itd nice havin nothr market round here. 
632 dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
633 definately agree different people have diiferent threat models. 
633 and therefore buyers and sellers should act accordingly. 
634 great hear your agoria you were reg vendor last year everything allways top notch. 
636 the site looks nice easy sign skulls etc. 
636 dont you think there should more skulls. 
637 thank you for your time owock all working order. 
637 one question purely out interest public key looks noticeably longer than ops that because using key size and isnt missing something. 
638 not disputing the fact that physical isolation the most secure merely bringing the fact that different people have different threat models. 
638 you know theres non zero chance that you might get shot any time but you dont wear bullet proof vest all the time. 
638 think about why. 
638 whonix probably good enough visit the site that talking about and its free and can deployed under half hour. 
638 theres not much point debating this any further. 
639 wish had good source for domestic fake and youd need ssn too. 
640 dont see much point getting darkcoins unless you can use them buy something expect the value. 
640 the fact that they will use coinjoin default isnt too important when you can use coinjoin with bitcoins and there are lot more people mix your coins with. 
641 from evilgrin march pmyeah you would have trust the same way you trust the markets not rob your money. 
641 these people also have real way extort you anyhow. 
641 what are they gonna say give one meelion dollars ill tell the popo you mailed something that was probably illegalthey have idea what the fuck youre mailing. 
641 and you could not arrested for buying stamps. 
641 the only real way this service could harm you other than them being from packages being seized. 
641 would quite stretch plan extortion based that and they dont keep logs which they arent and arent extorting they have reason then have pretty much nothing they were ever bust these guys for selling stamps. 
641 the risk low. 
641 were also making people sign with account. 
641 theres record who bought what. 
641 just email address send shipping label. 
641 can different each time dont care. 
641 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
641 but course would say that. 
642 from evilgrin march amquote from safepostage march ami agree. 
642 were also making people sign with account. 
642 theres record who bought what. 
642 just email address send shipping label. 
642 can different each time dont care. 
642 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
642 but course would say that. 
642 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
642 gotta lay off the drugs. 
642 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
642 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
642 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
642 all favor and dont lol. 
642 yes email the label you can print can also mail the label postage whatever you want. 
642 typically just email the pdf jpeg the shipping label upload email you can download then you print out and attach your package. 
643 bitcoin could not possibly because runs counter everything the control freakish elites and the nwo stand for. 
643 neither btc not gold and silver fulfill that role. 
645 seems like agora does not have any support same over here different support tickets over the last weeks with answer. 
646 dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
647 bluesky was scam. 
648 anywhere the clearnet too what create pic and upload avatar every post make any forums. 
648 that would new advertisement everytime and youre willing pay. 
648 btc for every post make youve got kidding. 
648 not game the math just doesnt add see sense this but look forward hear from you. 
649 from jolly roger march amthank you. 
649 please personally wouldnt charge you for the same information. 
649 this community should both free and opensource. 
649 always try search for your answers before ever paying for them. 
649 and never forget there are also some other really great places out there get some really great free and accurate security advice well. 
649 wilders security forums one such place. 
649 com well the superuser forums. 
649 comive also always enjoyed reading bruce schneiners blog well. 
649 found this page particularly interesting. 
649 granted article from october last year but its still some pretty amazing technology tor users are against out there how the nsa attacks tor firefox users with quantum and foxacid. 
649 com blog archives how the nsa att. 
649 htmlsorry for bringing this slightly off topic but personally feel advice should free the internet. 
650 from firelight march amphysical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
650 never forget you can always just root cheap android smartphone run debian linux. 
650 just use raspberry physical gateway was mentioned. 
650 there not always need buy two computers laptops create physical gateway. 
650 and truly far safer well recommended the whonix developers themselves rather than using two virtual machines. 
650 all the information you need the whonix website listed above. 
651 these are the packets that make the ops orginal key public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet georgie boy. 
651 net signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits contrast here are your packets. 
651 public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet muddy boots fakestreet safe mail. 
651 net signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key acc data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key acc data bits eventually think rsa going phased out the perfected asymmetric algorithm fol gecc readily doing real time with wides pread support. 
652 worked early for. 
652 havent seen since. 
653 from thekushlife march amive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
653 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
653 thanks been looking for good fog alternative well think ive lost coins from week ago. 
653 never showed and support since. 
653 think the downtime with agora all tied and smell something fishy there. 
653 ill try them and post review too. 
654 ive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
654 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
655 ill check out. 
656 from jeesus march amlaitas linkki eijaksa sin siihen joskus sitte eik kiinnostas ehtii mutta jos siihen niin. 
657 havent any luck with trying setup new account well just replies. 
657 but weve moved onto other markets since. 
658 there are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
658 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
658 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
659 tipulla kyll hyvi pointteja. 
659 miksei olemassa oleva kauppa riit aina kun jokin asia vaikeammin hallittavissa virhealttius mit isompi bisnes sit enemm ker huomiota kateellisilta virkavallalta. 
659 valitettavasti isomman bisneksen tulee aina isommat voitot mik hieman voittamattoman olotilan. 
660 from quirk march ami dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
660 agree just because pain use not because any defects susimail bote. 
661 from safepostage march ami agree. 
661 were also making people sign with account. 
661 theres record who bought what. 
661 just email address send shipping label. 
661 can different each time dont care. 
661 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
661 but course would say that. 
661 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
661 gotta lay off the drugs. 
661 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
661 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
661 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
661 all favor and dont lol. 
662 drugheavenco tai pelkk drugheaven. 
662 tai uusi nimimerkki officer. 
663 subbing for one the best vendors. 
664 well from what can gather looking more and more like agora has run its race. 
664 say this with great dissapointment. 
664 not just because more lost vendor bonds and such. 
664 but ther fuck all else left. 
664 thank god deepify has the answer. 
664 all have got for the last hours this. 
664 iceweasel cant find the file. 
664 its not its server. 
665 well these last months have cetainly felt like years worth drama. 
666 and its gone. 
666 this time anyways. 
667 how does work. 
667 advertise the pirate market somewhere. 
667 create image and upload anony. 
667 send private message with your username the pirate market image link and link the advertisment. 
667 does somewhere mean online not both. 
668 tuosta doctor whosta tuli mieleen ett tardis tai sitten joku. 
669 vaikka land hope tai realm hope hope sanan tilalle mahollisesti dreamstoivoa paremmasta kansalle siisja yll pit voisi olla vaikka the protector tai overseer joo oikeen irtoo nyt pit jotain mietti joskus jos. 
670 also agree that axas guide secure email providers one the most complete have seen the internet. 
670 good job axa just sure your research before placing trust any email provider individual rules well data retention laws and other such factors vary between providers and countries well. 
670 and always use gpg regardless. 
671 gone for too. 
672 its interesting the whole group think thing. 
672 mean you have all these buyers who crowd one market and then they wonder why that market runs away with their funds. 
672 maybe million bucks just too much temptation. 
672 think the markets ought work together some way spread the load. 
672 maybe that stupid idea dont really know. 
672 know the markets want make all the money but having one place just silly really. 
672 still think back backopy and bmr and why wanted shutdown. 
672 without more markets spread load and action then just too risky. 
672 understand about having check bunch sites everyday and orders whatever. 
672 only many hours guess. 
673 from owockeznan march amthese are the packets that make the ops orginal key public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet georgie boy. 
673 net signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits contrast here are your packets. 
673 public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet muddy boots fakestreet safe mail. 
673 net signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key acc data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key acc data bits eventually think rsa going phased out the perfected asymmetric algorithm fol gecc readily doing real time with wides pread support. 
673 rsa probably going phased out eventually. 
673 whether ecc something else replaces remains seen. 
673 although ecc was seen the and coming technology given that was prompted heavily the nsa now makes suspect. 
673 know that least some the applications using ecc such random number generator rng had odd constants included part the standard likely the nsas insistence. 
673 another problem with ecc that many curves are currently under patent the. 
673 those are not likely find wide adoption that basis. 
674 you start learning today you might good enough make market two four years. 
674 but you also need learn how secure server more like years you are starting from what essentially nothing. 
674 its great plan start learning these things but dont read php for dummies and then run out and host market you set windows server over rdp. 
675 you contact with admins explains something more. 
675 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
677 god damnit this shit making mad. 
677 all ask for life one god damn site thats open more than months time. 
678 just thought post link avids thread here. 
679 bitcoin could not possibly because runs counter everything the control freakish elites and the nwo stand for. 
679 neither btc not gold and silver fulfill that role. 
681 seems like agora does not have any support same over here different support tickets over the last weeks with answer. 
682 dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
683 bluesky was scam. 
684 anywhere the clearnet too what create pic and upload avatar every post make any forums. 
684 that would new advertisement everytime and youre willing pay. 
684 btc for every post make youve got kidding. 
684 not game the math just doesnt add see sense this but look forward hear from you. 
685 from jolly roger march amthank you. 
685 please personally wouldnt charge you for the same information. 
685 this community should both free and opensource. 
685 always try search for your answers before ever paying for them. 
685 and never forget there are also some other really great places out there get some really great free and accurate security advice well. 
685 wilders security forums one such place. 
685 com well the superuser forums. 
685 comive also always enjoyed reading bruce schneiners blog well. 
685 found this page particularly interesting. 
685 granted article from october last year but its still some pretty amazing technology tor users are against out there how the nsa attacks tor firefox users with quantum and foxacid. 
685 com blog archives how the nsa att. 
685 htmlsorry for bringing this slightly off topic but personally feel advice should free the internet. 
686 from firelight march amphysical isolation great you need maximum protection against unknown adversaries but think buying two computers visit this one web site overkill unless thinks theres good chance the nsa will exploiting. 
686 never forget you can always just root cheap android smartphone run debian linux. 
686 just use raspberry physical gateway was mentioned. 
686 there not always need buy two computers laptops create physical gateway. 
686 and truly far safer well recommended the whonix developers themselves rather than using two virtual machines. 
686 all the information you need the whonix website listed above. 
687 these are the packets that make the ops orginal key public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet georgie boy. 
687 net signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits contrast here are your packets. 
687 public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet muddy boots fakestreet safe mail. 
687 net signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key acc data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key acc data bits eventually think rsa going phased out the perfected asymmetric algorithm fol gecc readily doing real time with wides pread support. 
688 worked early for. 
688 havent seen since. 
689 from thekushlife march amive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
689 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
689 thanks been looking for good fog alternative well think ive lost coins from week ago. 
689 never showed and support since. 
689 think the downtime with agora all tied and smell something fishy there. 
689 ill try them and post review too. 
690 ive had couple successful small transactions with bitblender far. 
690 definitely still hesitant use for any large amounts. 
691 ill check out. 
692 from jeesus march amlaitas linkki eijaksa sin siihen joskus sitte eik kiinnostas ehtii mutta jos siihen niin. 
693 havent any luck with trying setup new account well just replies. 
693 but weve moved onto other markets since. 
694 there are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
694 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
694 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
695 tipulla kyll hyvi pointteja. 
695 miksei olemassa oleva kauppa riit aina kun jokin asia vaikeammin hallittavissa virhealttius mit isompi bisnes sit enemm ker huomiota kateellisilta virkavallalta. 
695 valitettavasti isomman bisneksen tulee aina isommat voitot mik hieman voittamattoman olotilan. 
696 from quirk march ami dont think realistic solution for secure email. 
696 agree just because pain use not because any defects susimail bote. 
697 from safepostage march ami agree. 
697 were also making people sign with account. 
697 theres record who bought what. 
697 just email address send shipping label. 
697 can different each time dont care. 
697 can upload the labels anonymous file sharing service. 
697 but course would say that. 
697 they are printed out labels was under the impression you mailed them for some reason. 
697 gotta lay off the drugs. 
697 that case its great service that will definitely trying out. 
697 hate going the post office when mailing illegal stuff. 
697 besides the unlikely chance these guys are dont see how any problems can arise. 
697 all favor and dont lol. 
698 drugheavenco tai pelkk drugheaven. 
698 tai uusi nimimerkki officer. 
699 subbing for one the best vendors. 
700 well from what can gather looking more and more like agora has run its race. 
700 say this with great dissapointment. 
700 not just because more lost vendor bonds and such. 
700 but ther fuck all else left. 
700 thank god deepify has the answer. 
700 all have got for the last hours this. 
700 iceweasel cant find the file. 
700 its not its server. 
701 well these last months have cetainly felt like years worth drama. 
702 and its gone. 
702 this time anyways. 
703 how does work. 
703 advertise the pirate market somewhere. 
703 create image and upload anony. 
703 send private message with your username the pirate market image link and link the advertisment. 
703 does somewhere mean online not both. 
704 tuosta doctor whosta tuli mieleen ett tardis tai sitten joku. 
705 vaikka land hope tai realm hope hope sanan tilalle mahollisesti dreamstoivoa paremmasta kansalle siisja yll pit voisi olla vaikka the protector tai overseer joo oikeen irtoo nyt pit jotain mietti joskus jos. 
706 also agree that axas guide secure email providers one the most complete have seen the internet. 
706 good job axa just sure your research before placing trust any email provider individual rules well data retention laws and other such factors vary between providers and countries well. 
706 and always use gpg regardless. 
707 gone for too. 
708 its interesting the whole group think thing. 
708 mean you have all these buyers who crowd one market and then they wonder why that market runs away with their funds. 
708 maybe million bucks just too much temptation. 
708 think the markets ought work together some way spread the load. 
708 maybe that stupid idea dont really know. 
708 know the markets want make all the money but having one place just silly really. 
708 still think back backopy and bmr and why wanted shutdown. 
708 without more markets spread load and action then just too risky. 
708 understand about having check bunch sites everyday and orders whatever. 
708 only many hours guess. 
709 from owockeznan march amthese are the packets that make the ops orginal key public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet georgie boy. 
709 net signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid ffb version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key ffb data bits contrast here are your packets. 
709 public key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits user packet muddy boots fakestreet safe mail. 
709 net signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags hashed subpkt len pref sym algos hashed subpkt len pref hash algos hashed subpkt len pref zip algos hashed subpkt len features hashed subpkt len key server preferences subpkt len issuer key acc data bits public sub key packet version algo created expires pkey bits pkey bits signature packet algo keyid acc version created len sigclass digest algo begin digest hashed subpkt len sig created hashed subpkt len key flags subpkt len issuer key acc data bits eventually think rsa going phased out the perfected asymmetric algorithm fol gecc readily doing real time with wides pread support. 
709 rsa probably going phased out eventually. 
709 whether ecc something else replaces remains seen. 
709 although ecc was seen the and coming technology given that was prompted heavily the nsa now makes suspect. 
709 know that least some the applications using ecc such random number generator rng had odd constants included part the standard likely the nsas insistence. 
709 another problem with ecc that many curves are currently under patent the. 
709 those are not likely find wide adoption that basis. 
710 you start learning today you might good enough make market two four years. 
710 but you also need learn how secure server more like years you are starting from what essentially nothing. 
710 its great plan start learning these things but dont read php for dummies and then run out and host market you set windows server over rdp. 
711 you contact with admins explains something more. 
711 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
713 god damnit this shit making mad. 
713 all ask for life one god damn site thats open more than months time. 
714 just thought post link avids thread here. 
715 onion new store. 
716 anyway can reset account password changed the password xanax and have clue what. 
716 have pgp that account which still have access verify who. 
716 not sure what the procedure. 
716 edit luckily can access forum account since that didnt change with the sitestill need know what the next step. 
717 from tub march amif were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
717 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
717 sorry sound like the safepostage guy. 
717 not but like this service and dont see issue with. 
717 think lot people majorly over think things and that causes them see bunch problems with something that doesnt really have many problems. 
717 they are just searching for problem. 
717 when shipping package you are already giving the buyers info the postal service which run the government. 
717 not mention your the vendors address the case you are buying them online your face video you are buying them the postal office. 
717 understand your point about few hands possible but think this actually safer for everyone. 
717 there really isnt anything these people can with the information that would cause issue. 
717 unless they are and decided would fun track down people buying dime bags off the internet honestly dont see what problem could arise. 
717 wrong please tell. 
717 youre welcome for being your guy for the last days lol. 
718 was fine for about mins. 
718 now pages not loading. 
719 have heard bitblender and that one fairly instant. 
719 onionbut overall bitfog takes the cake. 
719 offers the best mixing service only one studied and think the time takes big deal once you get coins flowing. 
720 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
721 countermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
721 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
721 you can access your lelantos mail account one two webmail interfaces with without javascript imap pop see guide setting thunderbird with foxyproxy access lelantos mail tor. 
721 html msg once you have thunderbird setup right you will really enjoy using lelantos mail that much more. 
722 from enigma march amvmail. 
722 also good option didnt see your list axa. 
722 they are tor friendly and pretty legit having been around for while well. 
722 and offer web interface well which can handy times. 
722 although using tails with clawsmail thunderbird with enigmail and torbirdy still likely safer. 
722 but pinch they seem pretty secure. 
722 just back email whatever. 
722 thanks for the tip checked out vmail. 
722 and the service legit added list. 
723 value everyones opsec advice this forum. 
723 were setup tor middlebox something like onionpi what would the best browser setup. 
723 want run something similar the torbrowser without running tor over tor. 
723 would something like firefox with noscript and secure enough ive read that using the torbutton addon for firefox longer secure. 
723 any advice would greatly appreciated. 
724 were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
724 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
725 from shingleshark march pmi also find evo great emerging market. 
725 they not only have lot fraud related products and tuts but large and ever growing drug section well. 
725 this market takes security very seriously. 
725 the layout clean and extremely fast. 
725 just all around excellent market. 
726 hey thanks for the message via marketplace the offer. 
726 seems like everytime log agora damn pages dont load. 
726 still being hit with ddos purely server overload. 
727 new referral link. 
728 from weed march pmyou contact with admins explains something more. 
728 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
728 cheers dont understand your question. 
729 from axa march pmquote from owockeznan march amemail email. 
729 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
729 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
729 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
729 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
729 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
729 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
729 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
729 very secure and anonymous though. 
729 thank you for that. 
730 from shingleshark march pmthis market takes security very seriously. 
730 they couldnt even run forum without getting owned every few months. 
730 this site run naive kids who are over their heads. 
730 ill tell you another story about evolution there was ponzi scheme running the forums for about months everybody fell for. 
730 the admins even vouched the scheme which caused even more people signup. 
730 join the forums see the scheme and post that plain day that these people are being ripped off. 
730 they realize after month activity and payments from the scheme runner. 
730 anyway two days later another user starts another scheme and everybody falls for again. 
730 luckily this time after days moderator removed the thread. 
730 these guys are teenage internet try hards they have place running underground drug market. 
730 stay away its not question that place going get owned its more question when and how often. 
731 funland self explanatory. 
733 blue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
734 theres plenty reputable suppliers various marketplaces. 
735 have had captcha issues myself today. 
736 new service vmail. 
736 located france added list today. 
737 the longer takes get your coins out the harder taint analysis tracking. 
737 would use bitcoinfog the second one you posted and set hours. 
737 and expect take hours the site has been known have delays. 
738 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
738 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
738 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
738 btc laundering time. 
738 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
738 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry. 
739 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
739 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
739 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
739 btc laundering time. 
739 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
739 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
740 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
740 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
740 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
740 btc laundering time. 
740 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
740 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
741 from btcer march somewhat slow hrs that design obfuscates the transactions. 
741 you should randomize the time period and not always use hours. 
741 sometimes use hours etc. 
741 imo the blockchain. 
741 info service and bitcoin fog are the only two services that are both stable and have enough volume effective mixer. 
741 you can just the poor mans mixer send into service that utilizes shared wallet address and then withdrawal different amount some time later. 
741 your buyer you really shouldnt worry about using sophisticated mixer youre vendor cashing out you should. 
741 lot these mixing services that spring overnight you shouldnt trust they are likely scams. 
742 new service vmail. 
742 located france added list today. 
743 from enctype february amquote from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
743 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
743 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
743 honestly had not. 
743 but sure you can see why was turn off. 
743 was actually just browsing the site and looks pretty legit. 
743 like the wanted board. 
744 from avid march pmthere are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
744 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
744 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
744 this explanation has become quite norm with every one the marketplaces. 
744 you cant handle the growth and scale accordingly its pointless allowing for new people fucks everyone without support for both existing users and new ones. 
744 its damn pointless. 
744 market disabling registrations momentarily cope with growth. 
744 now thats more like. 
745 from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
745 what the fuck are you talking about dont know who you are but now you are stepping business telling people bluesky scam. 
745 have been vending bsm for months now and they run the best market the the moment. 
745 the fastest deposit times most date security features auto withdrawal partial quick resolution. 
745 blue sky market far and away the best functioning market have ever used year darknet career. 
745 and just becasue this fucktard took stab the market and all the vendors there posting link anybody curious can check out. 
745 onion seriously you wnat get and buy something with quickness not wait around for hours until deposits clear. 
745 this your place. 
746 from enigma march amvmail. 
746 also good option didnt see your list axa. 
746 they are tor friendly and pretty legit having been around for while well. 
746 and offer web interface well which can handy times. 
746 although using tails with clawsmail thunderbird with enigmail and torbirdy still likely safer. 
746 but pinch they seem pretty secure. 
746 just back email whatever. 
746 thanks for the tip checked out vmail. 
746 and the service legit added list. 
747 new referral link. 
748 from weed march pmyou contact with admins explains something more. 
748 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
748 cheers dont understand your question. 
749 anyway can reset account password changed the password xanax and have clue what. 
749 have pgp that account which still have access verify who. 
749 not sure what the procedure. 
749 edit luckily can access forum account since that didnt change with the sitestill need know what the next step. 
750 value everyones opsec advice this forum. 
750 were setup tor middlebox something like onionpi what would the best browser setup. 
750 want run something similar the torbrowser without running tor over tor. 
750 would something like firefox with noscript and secure enough ive read that using the torbutton addon for firefox longer secure. 
750 any advice would greatly appreciated. 
751 were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
751 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
752 theres plenty reputable suppliers various marketplaces. 
753 countermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
753 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
753 you can access your lelantos mail account one two webmail interfaces with without javascript imap pop see guide setting thunderbird with foxyproxy access lelantos mail tor. 
753 html msg once you have thunderbird setup right you will really enjoy using lelantos mail that much more. 
755 onion new store. 
756 from axa march pmquote from owockeznan march amemail email. 
756 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
756 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
756 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
756 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
756 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
756 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
756 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
756 very secure and anonymous though. 
756 thank you for that. 
757 from shingleshark march pmi also find evo great emerging market. 
757 they not only have lot fraud related products and tuts but large and ever growing drug section well. 
757 this market takes security very seriously. 
757 the layout clean and extremely fast. 
757 just all around excellent market. 
758 from shingleshark march pmthis market takes security very seriously. 
758 they couldnt even run forum without getting owned every few months. 
758 this site run naive kids who are over their heads. 
758 ill tell you another story about evolution there was ponzi scheme running the forums for about months everybody fell for. 
758 the admins even vouched the scheme which caused even more people signup. 
758 join the forums see the scheme and post that plain day that these people are being ripped off. 
758 they realize after month activity and payments from the scheme runner. 
758 anyway two days later another user starts another scheme and everybody falls for again. 
758 luckily this time after days moderator removed the thread. 
758 these guys are teenage internet try hards they have place running underground drug market. 
758 stay away its not question that place going get owned its more question when and how often. 
759 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
759 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
759 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
759 btc laundering time. 
759 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
759 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry. 
760 have heard bitblender and that one fairly instant. 
760 onionbut overall bitfog takes the cake. 
760 offers the best mixing service only one studied and think the time takes big deal once you get coins flowing. 
761 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
761 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
761 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
761 btc laundering time. 
761 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
761 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
762 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
762 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
762 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
762 btc laundering time. 
762 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
762 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
763 from btcer march somewhat slow hrs that design obfuscates the transactions. 
763 you should randomize the time period and not always use hours. 
763 sometimes use hours etc. 
763 imo the blockchain. 
763 info service and bitcoin fog are the only two services that are both stable and have enough volume effective mixer. 
763 you can just the poor mans mixer send into service that utilizes shared wallet address and then withdrawal different amount some time later. 
763 your buyer you really shouldnt worry about using sophisticated mixer youre vendor cashing out you should. 
763 lot these mixing services that spring overnight you shouldnt trust they are likely scams. 
764 anyway can reset account password changed the password xanax and have clue what. 
764 have pgp that account which still have access verify who. 
764 not sure what the procedure. 
764 edit luckily can access forum account since that didnt change with the sitestill need know what the next step. 
765 from weed march pmyou contact with admins explains something more. 
765 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
765 cheers dont understand your question. 
766 have had captcha issues myself today. 
767 from axa march pmquote from owockeznan march amemail email. 
767 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
767 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
767 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
767 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
767 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
767 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
767 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
767 very secure and anonymous though. 
767 thank you for that. 
768 from enctype february amquote from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
768 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
768 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
768 honestly had not. 
768 but sure you can see why was turn off. 
768 was actually just browsing the site and looks pretty legit. 
768 like the wanted board. 
769 from avid march pmthere are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
769 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
769 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
769 this explanation has become quite norm with every one the marketplaces. 
769 you cant handle the growth and scale accordingly its pointless allowing for new people fucks everyone without support for both existing users and new ones. 
769 its damn pointless. 
769 market disabling registrations momentarily cope with growth. 
769 now thats more like. 
770 new service vmail. 
770 located france added list today. 
771 funland self explanatory. 
772 from enigma march amvmail. 
772 also good option didnt see your list axa. 
772 they are tor friendly and pretty legit having been around for while well. 
772 and offer web interface well which can handy times. 
772 although using tails with clawsmail thunderbird with enigmail and torbirdy still likely safer. 
772 but pinch they seem pretty secure. 
772 just back email whatever. 
772 thanks for the tip checked out vmail. 
772 and the service legit added list. 
773 countermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
773 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
773 you can access your lelantos mail account one two webmail interfaces with without javascript imap pop see guide setting thunderbird with foxyproxy access lelantos mail tor. 
773 html msg once you have thunderbird setup right you will really enjoy using lelantos mail that much more. 
775 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
776 hey thanks for the message via marketplace the offer. 
776 seems like everytime log agora damn pages dont load. 
776 still being hit with ddos purely server overload. 
777 from tub march amif were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
777 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
777 sorry sound like the safepostage guy. 
777 not but like this service and dont see issue with. 
777 think lot people majorly over think things and that causes them see bunch problems with something that doesnt really have many problems. 
777 they are just searching for problem. 
777 when shipping package you are already giving the buyers info the postal service which run the government. 
777 not mention your the vendors address the case you are buying them online your face video you are buying them the postal office. 
777 understand your point about few hands possible but think this actually safer for everyone. 
777 there really isnt anything these people can with the information that would cause issue. 
777 unless they are and decided would fun track down people buying dime bags off the internet honestly dont see what problem could arise. 
777 wrong please tell. 
777 youre welcome for being your guy for the last days lol. 
778 blue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
779 from shingleshark march pmi also find evo great emerging market. 
779 they not only have lot fraud related products and tuts but large and ever growing drug section well. 
779 this market takes security very seriously. 
779 the layout clean and extremely fast. 
779 just all around excellent market. 
780 from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
780 what the fuck are you talking about dont know who you are but now you are stepping business telling people bluesky scam. 
780 have been vending bsm for months now and they run the best market the the moment. 
780 the fastest deposit times most date security features auto withdrawal partial quick resolution. 
780 blue sky market far and away the best functioning market have ever used year darknet career. 
780 and just becasue this fucktard took stab the market and all the vendors there posting link anybody curious can check out. 
780 onion seriously you wnat get and buy something with quickness not wait around for hours until deposits clear. 
780 this your place. 
781 from weed march pmyou contact with admins explains something more. 
781 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
781 cheers dont understand your question. 
782 new referral link. 
783 were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
783 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
784 from shingleshark march pmthis market takes security very seriously. 
784 they couldnt even run forum without getting owned every few months. 
784 this site run naive kids who are over their heads. 
784 ill tell you another story about evolution there was ponzi scheme running the forums for about months everybody fell for. 
784 the admins even vouched the scheme which caused even more people signup. 
784 join the forums see the scheme and post that plain day that these people are being ripped off. 
784 they realize after month activity and payments from the scheme runner. 
784 anyway two days later another user starts another scheme and everybody falls for again. 
784 luckily this time after days moderator removed the thread. 
784 these guys are teenage internet try hards they have place running underground drug market. 
784 stay away its not question that place going get owned its more question when and how often. 
785 from avid march pmthere are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
785 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
785 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
785 this explanation has become quite norm with every one the marketplaces. 
785 you cant handle the growth and scale accordingly its pointless allowing for new people fucks everyone without support for both existing users and new ones. 
785 its damn pointless. 
785 market disabling registrations momentarily cope with growth. 
785 now thats more like. 
786 funland self explanatory. 
787 from avid march pmthere are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
787 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
787 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
787 this explanation has become quite norm with every one the marketplaces. 
787 you cant handle the growth and scale accordingly its pointless allowing for new people fucks everyone without support for both existing users and new ones. 
787 its damn pointless. 
787 market disabling registrations momentarily cope with growth. 
787 now thats more like. 
788 from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
788 what the fuck are you talking about dont know who you are but now you are stepping business telling people bluesky scam. 
788 have been vending bsm for months now and they run the best market the the moment. 
788 the fastest deposit times most date security features auto withdrawal partial quick resolution. 
788 blue sky market far and away the best functioning market have ever used year darknet career. 
788 and just becasue this fucktard took stab the market and all the vendors there posting link anybody curious can check out. 
788 onion seriously you wnat get and buy something with quickness not wait around for hours until deposits clear. 
788 this your place. 
789 from enctype february amquote from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
789 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
789 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
789 honestly had not. 
789 but sure you can see why was turn off. 
789 was actually just browsing the site and looks pretty legit. 
789 like the wanted board. 
791 that type transaction. 
791 from the wallet the market has refresh bluesky page deposit click the button. 
792 onion new store. 
793 anyway can reset account password changed the password xanax and have clue what. 
793 have pgp that account which still have access verify who. 
793 not sure what the procedure. 
793 edit luckily can access forum account since that didnt change with the sitestill need know what the next step. 
794 from tub march amif were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
794 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
794 sorry sound like the safepostage guy. 
794 not but like this service and dont see issue with. 
794 think lot people majorly over think things and that causes them see bunch problems with something that doesnt really have many problems. 
794 they are just searching for problem. 
794 when shipping package you are already giving the buyers info the postal service which run the government. 
794 not mention your the vendors address the case you are buying them online your face video you are buying them the postal office. 
794 understand your point about few hands possible but think this actually safer for everyone. 
794 there really isnt anything these people can with the information that would cause issue. 
794 unless they are and decided would fun track down people buying dime bags off the internet honestly dont see what problem could arise. 
794 wrong please tell. 
794 youre welcome for being your guy for the last days lol. 
795 was fine for about mins. 
795 now pages not loading. 
796 was fine for about mins. 
796 now pages not loading. 
797 from axa march pmquote from owockeznan march amemail email. 
797 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
797 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
797 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
797 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
797 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
797 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
797 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
797 very secure and anonymous though. 
797 thank you for that. 
798 have heard bitblender and that one fairly instant. 
798 onionbut overall bitfog takes the cake. 
798 offers the best mixing service only one studied and think the time takes big deal once you get coins flowing. 
799 from shingleshark march pmthis market takes security very seriously. 
799 they couldnt even run forum without getting owned every few months. 
799 this site run naive kids who are over their heads. 
799 ill tell you another story about evolution there was ponzi scheme running the forums for about months everybody fell for. 
799 the admins even vouched the scheme which caused even more people signup. 
799 join the forums see the scheme and post that plain day that these people are being ripped off. 
799 they realize after month activity and payments from the scheme runner. 
799 anyway two days later another user starts another scheme and everybody falls for again. 
799 luckily this time after days moderator removed the thread. 
799 these guys are teenage internet try hards they have place running underground drug market. 
799 stay away its not question that place going get owned its more question when and how often. 
800 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
800 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
800 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
800 btc laundering time. 
800 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
800 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry. 
801 have heard bitblender and that one fairly instant. 
801 onionbut overall bitfog takes the cake. 
801 offers the best mixing service only one studied and think the time takes big deal once you get coins flowing. 
802 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
802 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
802 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
802 btc laundering time. 
802 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
802 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
803 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
803 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
803 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
803 btc laundering time. 
803 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
803 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
804 from btcer march somewhat slow hrs that design obfuscates the transactions. 
804 you should randomize the time period and not always use hours. 
804 sometimes use hours etc. 
804 imo the blockchain. 
804 info service and bitcoin fog are the only two services that are both stable and have enough volume effective mixer. 
804 you can just the poor mans mixer send into service that utilizes shared wallet address and then withdrawal different amount some time later. 
804 your buyer you really shouldnt worry about using sophisticated mixer youre vendor cashing out you should. 
804 lot these mixing services that spring overnight you shouldnt trust they are likely scams. 
805 anyway can reset account password changed the password xanax and have clue what. 
805 have pgp that account which still have access verify who. 
805 not sure what the procedure. 
805 edit luckily can access forum account since that didnt change with the sitestill need know what the next step. 
806 from weed march pmyou contact with admins explains something more. 
806 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
806 cheers dont understand your question. 
807 have had captcha issues myself today. 
808 from axa march pmquote from owockeznan march amemail email. 
808 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
808 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
808 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
808 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
808 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
808 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
808 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
808 very secure and anonymous though. 
808 thank you for that. 
809 from enctype february amquote from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
809 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
809 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
809 honestly had not. 
809 but sure you can see why was turn off. 
809 was actually just browsing the site and looks pretty legit. 
809 like the wanted board. 
810 from avid march pmthere are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
810 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
810 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
810 this explanation has become quite norm with every one the marketplaces. 
810 you cant handle the growth and scale accordingly its pointless allowing for new people fucks everyone without support for both existing users and new ones. 
810 its damn pointless. 
810 market disabling registrations momentarily cope with growth. 
810 now thats more like. 
811 new service vmail. 
811 located france added list today. 
812 funland self explanatory. 
813 from enigma march amvmail. 
813 also good option didnt see your list axa. 
813 they are tor friendly and pretty legit having been around for while well. 
813 and offer web interface well which can handy times. 
813 although using tails with clawsmail thunderbird with enigmail and torbirdy still likely safer. 
813 but pinch they seem pretty secure. 
813 just back email whatever. 
813 thanks for the tip checked out vmail. 
813 and the service legit added list. 
814 countermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
814 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
814 you can access your lelantos mail account one two webmail interfaces with without javascript imap pop see guide setting thunderbird with foxyproxy access lelantos mail tor. 
814 html msg once you have thunderbird setup right you will really enjoy using lelantos mail that much more. 
816 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
817 hey thanks for the message via marketplace the offer. 
817 seems like everytime log agora damn pages dont load. 
817 still being hit with ddos purely server overload. 
818 from tub march amif were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
818 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
818 sorry sound like the safepostage guy. 
818 not but like this service and dont see issue with. 
818 think lot people majorly over think things and that causes them see bunch problems with something that doesnt really have many problems. 
818 they are just searching for problem. 
818 when shipping package you are already giving the buyers info the postal service which run the government. 
818 not mention your the vendors address the case you are buying them online your face video you are buying them the postal office. 
818 understand your point about few hands possible but think this actually safer for everyone. 
818 there really isnt anything these people can with the information that would cause issue. 
818 unless they are and decided would fun track down people buying dime bags off the internet honestly dont see what problem could arise. 
818 wrong please tell. 
818 youre welcome for being your guy for the last days lol. 
819 blue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
820 the longer takes get your coins out the harder taint analysis tracking. 
820 would use bitcoinfog the second one you posted and set hours. 
820 and expect take hours the site has been known have delays. 
821 were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
821 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
822 from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
822 what the fuck are you talking about dont know who you are but now you are stepping business telling people bluesky scam. 
822 have been vending bsm for months now and they run the best market the the moment. 
822 the fastest deposit times most date security features auto withdrawal partial quick resolution. 
822 blue sky market far and away the best functioning market have ever used year darknet career. 
822 and just becasue this fucktard took stab the market and all the vendors there posting link anybody curious can check out. 
822 onion seriously you wnat get and buy something with quickness not wait around for hours until deposits clear. 
822 this your place. 
824 onion new store. 
825 value everyones opsec advice this forum. 
825 were setup tor middlebox something like onionpi what would the best browser setup. 
825 want run something similar the torbrowser without running tor over tor. 
825 would something like firefox with noscript and secure enough ive read that using the torbutton addon for firefox longer secure. 
825 any advice would greatly appreciated. 
826 theres plenty reputable suppliers various marketplaces. 
827 new referral link. 
828 that type transaction. 
828 from the wallet the market has refresh bluesky page deposit click the button. 
829 was fine for about mins. 
829 now pages not loading. 
830 have heard bitblender and that one fairly instant. 
830 onionbut overall bitfog takes the cake. 
830 offers the best mixing service only one studied and think the time takes big deal once you get coins flowing. 
831 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
831 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
831 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
831 btc laundering time. 
831 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
831 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
832 does anyone know what the best place launder and anonymize bitcoins tried these three services far. 
832 com clearnet site fee fast easy use several laundering options tested successfully with. 
832 onion darknet site fee somewhat slow hrs easy use only one laundering option tested successfully with. 
832 btc laundering time. 
832 com was afraid test this site because looked very suspicious. 
832 anyone recommend some others want review bitcoinlaundry the three thought bitlaunder worked best and worked with tor although was also quite happy with bitcoinfog though little slow than would have liked. 
833 from btcer march somewhat slow hrs that design obfuscates the transactions. 
833 you should randomize the time period and not always use hours. 
833 sometimes use hours etc. 
833 imo the blockchain. 
833 info service and bitcoin fog are the only two services that are both stable and have enough volume effective mixer. 
833 you can just the poor mans mixer send into service that utilizes shared wallet address and then withdrawal different amount some time later. 
833 your buyer you really shouldnt worry about using sophisticated mixer youre vendor cashing out you should. 
833 lot these mixing services that spring overnight you shouldnt trust they are likely scams. 
834 anyway can reset account password changed the password xanax and have clue what. 
834 have pgp that account which still have access verify who. 
834 not sure what the procedure. 
834 edit luckily can access forum account since that didnt change with the sitestill need know what the next step. 
835 from weed march pmyou contact with admins explains something more. 
835 wallet btc market market wallet btc transaction. 
835 cheers dont understand your question. 
836 have had captcha issues myself today. 
837 from axa march pmquote from owockeznan march amemail email. 
837 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
837 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
837 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
837 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
837 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
837 msg msg for date list recommended email providers. 
837 bote requires both the sender and recipient have the client and the bote plugin installed cannot email accounts external pretty much makes useless for most. 
837 very secure and anonymous though. 
837 thank you for that. 
838 from enctype february amquote from thekushlife february amanother sheep lookalike. 
838 are you serious have you never heard bootstrap its web framework. 
838 com just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are any way related. 
838 honestly had not. 
838 but sure you can see why was turn off. 
838 was actually just browsing the site and looks pretty legit. 
838 like the wanted board. 
839 from avid march pmthere are support people there and the admins are active there has just been absolute flood support messages site has grown month. 
839 past few days they have been working clearing out the latest lot scammers and refunding money those who were ripped off. 
839 send your message again theyll eventually get. 
839 this explanation has become quite norm with every one the marketplaces. 
839 you cant handle the growth and scale accordingly its pointless allowing for new people fucks everyone without support for both existing users and new ones. 
839 its damn pointless. 
839 market disabling registrations momentarily cope with growth. 
839 now thats more like. 
840 new service vmail. 
840 located france added list today. 
841 funland self explanatory. 
842 from enigma march amvmail. 
842 also good option didnt see your list axa. 
842 they are tor friendly and pretty legit having been around for while well. 
842 and offer web interface well which can handy times. 
842 although using tails with clawsmail thunderbird with enigmail and torbirdy still likely safer. 
842 but pinch they seem pretty secure. 
842 just back email whatever. 
842 thanks for the tip checked out vmail. 
842 and the service legit added list. 
843 countermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
843 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
843 you can access your lelantos mail account one two webmail interfaces with without javascript imap pop see guide setting thunderbird with foxyproxy access lelantos mail tor. 
843 html msg once you have thunderbird setup right you will really enjoy using lelantos mail that much more. 
845 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
846 hey thanks for the message via marketplace the offer. 
846 seems like everytime log agora damn pages dont load. 
846 still being hit with ddos purely server overload. 
847 from tub march amif were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
847 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
847 sorry sound like the safepostage guy. 
847 not but like this service and dont see issue with. 
847 think lot people majorly over think things and that causes them see bunch problems with something that doesnt really have many problems. 
847 they are just searching for problem. 
847 when shipping package you are already giving the buyers info the postal service which run the government. 
847 not mention your the vendors address the case you are buying them online your face video you are buying them the postal office. 
847 understand your point about few hands possible but think this actually safer for everyone. 
847 there really isnt anything these people can with the information that would cause issue. 
847 unless they are and decided would fun track down people buying dime bags off the internet honestly dont see what problem could arise. 
847 wrong please tell. 
847 youre welcome for being your guy for the last days lol. 
848 blue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
849 the longer takes get your coins out the harder taint analysis tracking. 
849 would use bitcoinfog the second one you posted and set hours. 
849 and expect take hours the site has been known have delays. 
850 were buyer would want address going few people folks and would want make sure encrypted. 
850 this doesnt seem possible with safepostage. 
851 from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
851 what the fuck are you talking about dont know who you are but now you are stepping business telling people bluesky scam. 
851 have been vending bsm for months now and they run the best market the the moment. 
851 the fastest deposit times most date security features auto withdrawal partial quick resolution. 
851 blue sky market far and away the best functioning market have ever used year darknet career. 
851 and just becasue this fucktard took stab the market and all the vendors there posting link anybody curious can check out. 
851 onion seriously you wnat get and buy something with quickness not wait around for hours until deposits clear. 
851 this your place. 
853 onion new store. 
854 value everyones opsec advice this forum. 
854 were setup tor middlebox something like onionpi what would the best browser setup. 
854 want run something similar the torbrowser without running tor over tor. 
854 would something like firefox with noscript and secure enough ive read that using the torbutton addon for firefox longer secure. 
854 any advice would greatly appreciated. 
855 theres plenty reputable suppliers various marketplaces. 
856 new referral link. 
857 that type transaction. 
857 from the wallet the market has refresh bluesky page deposit click the button. 
858 was fine for about mins. 
858 now pages not loading. 
859 checked out the site and was not impressed. 
859 the site requires too much from you slow and now unresponsive. 
859 too little freedom the site. 
859 not even sure how people are meant see your listings when you cant see them yourself. 
860 had been rather slow taking off but guessing thats the case with every new market there are many chose from and then folks are very wary with all new dnms. 
860 from having been scammed multiple times lately. 
860 takes time build trust and for folks part with their coins over relatively new marketplace. 
860 but that said things have picked over the last couple weeks mostly migrants from agora and the registrations have been steadily growing the day. 
860 that turn has brought about good momentum sales but unfortunately for you its mostly from the drug selections and not ccs. 
860 though there have been few inquiries the support forum which you could chip. 
860 also guess theres only much market can after all. 
860 offer free vendor accounts for couple months along with zero commisions all orders etc. 
860 payout bonus for referrals besides making sure having secure and bug free site for smooth transactions but guess then the onus lies with the site users get the good word around and refer their clients. 
860 were gradually getting there and good things take time. 
861 from thedude march pmquote from march pmhave you considered setting electrum wallet works well with tails and eliminates the need for third party wallets. 
861 but going try blockchain. 
861 info wallet mean they seem the main source for all this stuff anyway hopefully more secure than campbx. 
861 just keep mind blockchain. 
861 info requires you sometimes allow java just for caphtas believe and obviously the clearnet. 
861 honestly wouldnt surprise they were working closely with since the shutdown the mixing service that required wallet. 
861 highly recommend electrum with tails you have any questions setting how works feel free ask. 
862 from axa march pmcountermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
862 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
862 lelantos kinda scares with their headers. 
862 quotereceived from lelantos. 
862 either twisted naming policy maybe some are putting all their eggs one very big basket. 
863 hello doesnt matter where you advertise. 
863 you are only once allowed enter the event. 
864 you not want use bitcoin fog your best alternative right now probably shared coin. 
864 because you never lose control your bitcoin not possible lose coins. 
864 coinjoin mixer like shared coin multiple users sign transaction instead just one user. 
864 now its hard tell which user initiated the transaction hence increased privacy. 
864 not anonymous bitcoin fog though. 
865 any legit mixing service will take the time get listing the bitcoin wiki page. 
865 wiki category mixing servicesbefore sending your coins newer service good idea visit the bitcoin forum and check see there review thread for the service. 
866 orgthat said you dont know the difference between java and javascript you shouldnt using the darknet. 
866 they are completely unrelated aside from the name and both being object oriented. 
867 from firelight march ambest option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
867 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
867 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
867 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
867 defaulti agree with firelight. 
867 thats the easiest simplest method end with decent browser your isolated box without reinventing the wheel. 
867 and before picked any weird platforms for middlebox android etc make sure understood how their random number generation worked practice. 
867 some small platforms raspberry have hardware rng built but not clear what its contribution the cprng that feeds dev random and dev urandom. 
867 good rngs are more than little bit important that scenario. 
868 from axa march pmdarkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
868 this looks lovely. 
868 com watch ouo. 
869 kiinnostaisi kyll tiet ett mit kansainv listyminen. 
870 miksi pit menn kansainv liseksi miksi edes kiinnostaisi kauppapaikka niill monia muita sit varten. 
870 itse ainakin toivoisin ett pysyisi vain suomalaisten keskuudessa eik edes tarvitsisi ettei rupea alaik iset lukea sitten lehdist kun ovat tyneet. 
871 when try log says wrong username password tried days but still doesnt work. 
871 special problem with account agora still down. 
872 from damiel march pmseconded fast and smooth from the buyer point view too. 
872 what was the bluesky fud spread the silk road forums when bluesky first opened dont remember seeing that. 
872 right around christmas when was hitting rough waters few people posted links for bsm agora and pandora. 
872 bsm was instantly deemed scam. 
872 then nobody mentioned anymore. 
872 for the last months bsm has been anything but scam. 
872 agora does that referral program where people get paid spam their address was way overhyped and probably going the first fall. 
872 got too big too fast. 
872 blue sky has had time mature and from what the staff told they are only like capacity feel like will around longer than the other two. 
872 forums pretty much dictate what happens dnms and they jumped the gun bsm basically halting growth. 
872 but perseveres and outlasts market after market will grow. 
872 the admins are always updating things. 
872 its really nice see market where the operators really care. 
873 mean its always fast and smooth. 
873 almost never hiccup its refreshing. 
873 just wish the traffic would pick bit. 
873 the forums bashed bsm the beginning being scam and they halted the growth. 
873 but think the last months have easily been most flawless vending experience the. 
873 the guys running always making improvments. 
873 this makes feel like its not some quick hit run scam like smp they simply spend much time improving and adding security. 
873 post your experience bsm this thread. 
874 best option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
874 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
874 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
874 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
875 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
875 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
875 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
875 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
875 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
875 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
875 many soon are down due ddos serves attack. 
875 hope email peer peer email application. 
875 net docs applications supported emailtor mail was phishing site safe mail not allowed this server. 
875 yes you can register but will unable sent receive emails. 
875 log out and the message will forbiddenyou dont have permission access cgi bin safe mail. 
875 net this server. 
875 fedora server rimon. 
875 net port most the emails mentioned topics not work. 
875 always run check with onion sniffer and will give the status any onion url you are trying access. 
876 cant log for days because captcha problems. 
877 fairly new the deep web new year and have perused through few different markets but far like blue sky. 
877 agora was nice until all the traffic hit and silk road was sketchy from the start. 
877 ive completed about transactions total across the three markets ive tried and have not received package once got seized for domestic order. 
877 luck has been pretty good. 
877 like blue sky better far for few reasons. 
877 first like the feedback system. 
877 second like the stats bsm shows for each vendor. 
877 third the speed the marketplace very good. 
877 once make more transactions bsm ill have better idea how like overall but far like better than agora. 
878 was also impressed with the deposit time. 
878 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
878 was very happy and impressed. 
878 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
879 from amai march pmi have had captcha issues myself today. 
880 what happening with tba have seen some people starting push out referral links hoping cream off some buyers that use tba but other than that have heard nothing. 
880 logged today days before have been there for months and still yet sell thing. 
880 not complaining here wondering why with going down agora under ddos people saying pandora vendors scam there hasnt been bigger charge towards tba. 
880 just sit there doesnt bother check every few days see have any questions answer orders fill but never have. 
880 there not many vendors tba are buyers put off for some reason. 
881 its the mentality. 
881 this what goes through peoples heads tor listings. 
881 fuck that agora ddos lots stuff well they have lots stuff ill there one really cares about security seems. 
881 just waiting for mst implemented then will push hard the people who value security knows how computer works. 
881 then should have many tech savvy smart people buying selling. 
882 cant log for days because captcha problems. 
883 was also impressed with the deposit time. 
883 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
883 was very happy and impressed. 
883 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
884 orgthat said you dont know the difference between java and javascript you shouldnt using the darknet. 
884 they are completely unrelated aside from the name and both being object oriented. 
885 would say all the new sites are running slow for trade. 
885 there are many choose from now those that left the main ones are spread across dozen sites. 
885 unless every buyer comes this site the existence many new markets unknown. 
885 with every business you have out and get the trade. 
885 its vendors steer any buyers know the direction. 
885 certainly tba will one the main sites future run well. 
885 out the ten sites vend only are showing potential currently. 
885 tba one themalso quite noticeable new sites the absence scammers. 
885 lets face the main sites are getting flooded with them. 
885 some are selective scammers. 
885 they will have trouble getting onto some these sites. 
886 had been rather slow taking off but guessing thats the case with every new market there are many chose from and then folks are very wary with all new dnms. 
886 from having been scammed multiple times lately. 
886 takes time build trust and for folks part with their coins over relatively new marketplace. 
886 but that said things have picked over the last couple weeks mostly migrants from agora and the registrations have been steadily growing the day. 
886 that turn has brought about good momentum sales but unfortunately for you its mostly from the drug selections and not ccs. 
886 though there have been few inquiries the support forum which you could chip. 
886 also guess theres only much market can after all. 
886 offer free vendor accounts for couple months along with zero commisions all orders etc. 
886 payout bonus for referrals besides making sure having secure and bug free site for smooth transactions but guess then the onus lies with the site users get the good word around and refer their clients. 
886 were gradually getting there and good things take time. 
887 any legit mixing service will take the time get listing the bitcoin wiki page. 
887 wiki category mixing servicesbefore sending your coins newer service good idea visit the bitcoin forum and check see there review thread for the service. 
888 you not want use bitcoin fog your best alternative right now probably shared coin. 
888 because you never lose control your bitcoin not possible lose coins. 
888 coinjoin mixer like shared coin multiple users sign transaction instead just one user. 
888 now its hard tell which user initiated the transaction hence increased privacy. 
888 not anonymous bitcoin fog though. 
889 from axa march pmdarkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
889 this looks lovely. 
889 com watch ouo. 
890 from firelight march ambest option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
890 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
890 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
890 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
890 defaulti agree with firelight. 
890 thats the easiest simplest method end with decent browser your isolated box without reinventing the wheel. 
890 and before picked any weird platforms for middlebox android etc make sure understood how their random number generation worked practice. 
890 some small platforms raspberry have hardware rng built but not clear what its contribution the cprng that feeds dev random and dev urandom. 
890 good rngs are more than little bit important that scenario. 
891 according all his words accentuate about traffic. 
891 good market requires traffic. 
891 easy handling problems for deposits problems for withdrawals good system for contact pgp correct communication with admins etc. 
891 for now fast and safe. 
892 checked out the site and was not impressed. 
892 the site requires too much from you slow and now unresponsive. 
892 too little freedom the site. 
892 not even sure how people are meant see your listings when you cant see them yourself. 
893 silk road not repeat not established marketplace. 
893 total turmoil and spiraling downward. 
893 silk road clusterfuck market with zero support. 
893 the marker the forum you will make defcon very happy you use his site. 
893 because will steal from you. 
893 law enforcement will also very happy because they are monitering the site vigorously looking for you. 
893 use not pass. 
893 pay thousands fines and attorney fees directly jail. 
894 best option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
894 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
894 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
894 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
895 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
895 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
895 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
895 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
895 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
895 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
895 many soon are down due ddos serves attack. 
895 hope email peer peer email application. 
895 net docs applications supported emailtor mail was phishing site safe mail not allowed this server. 
895 yes you can register but will unable sent receive emails. 
895 log out and the message will forbiddenyou dont have permission access cgi bin safe mail. 
895 net this server. 
895 fedora server rimon. 
895 net port most the emails mentioned topics not work. 
895 always run check with onion sniffer and will give the status any onion url you are trying access. 
896 cant log for days because captcha problems. 
897 when try log says wrong username password tried days but still doesnt work. 
897 special problem with account agora still down. 
898 best option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
898 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
898 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
898 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
899 thanks for the input. 
899 tails looks interesting but i'm not that level paranoia atm. 
899 coinbase seems the way. 
899 reddit praises just don't like the idea linking bank account with something. 
899 kind want more secure way exchaning. 
899 anyone have experience with blockchain and hive are two current wallets. 
899 one online one hardware. 
899 think i'll stop that. 
900 hello all i've downloaded wallet hive for osx. 
900 i'm googling where purchase coins and places like coincafe coinbase all require make wallet there too. 
900 assume create wallet those sites purchase the coins and transfer them hard drive wallet safe what would you recommend get started. 
901 from damiel march amquote from blackstar march ami just wrote long post about this forum. 
901 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
901 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
901 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
901 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
901 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
901 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
901 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
901 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
901 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
901 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
901 thanks for the convincing post. 
901 were little off topic here ill just say thanks and that totally hear what youre saying. 
901 almost wish used heroin could business with you would reccomend never touching the stuff. 
901 also painkillers thats your thing. 
902 from raege march pmi was also impressed with the deposit time. 
902 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
902 was very happy and impressed. 
902 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
902 lolreally that what huh. 
902 its like half front half delivery. 
902 its great option. 
902 the deposit withdrawal times are blazing bsm right now agree with one the above posters that good for the whole dnm community there are many options far markets keeps the scrutiny spread thin and lessens the risk site closure when you have multiple markets supporting the load. 
903 would say all the new sites are running slow for trade. 
903 there are many choose from now those that left the main ones are spread across dozen sites. 
903 unless every buyer comes this site the existence many new markets unknown. 
903 with every business you have out and get the trade. 
903 its vendors steer any buyers know the direction. 
903 certainly tba will one the main sites future run well. 
903 out the ten sites vend only are showing potential currently. 
903 tba one themalso quite noticeable new sites the absence scammers. 
903 lets face the main sites are getting flooded with them. 
903 some are selective scammers. 
903 they will have trouble getting onto some these sites. 
904 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
904 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
904 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
904 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
904 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
904 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
904 many soon are down due ddos serves attack. 
904 hope email peer peer email application. 
904 net docs applications supported emailtor mail was phishing site safe mail not allowed this server. 
904 yes you can register but will unable sent receive emails. 
904 log out and the message will forbiddenyou dont have permission access cgi bin safe mail. 
904 net this server. 
904 fedora server rimon. 
904 net port most the emails mentioned topics not work. 
904 always run check with onion sniffer and will give the status any onion url you are trying access. 
905 from amai march pmi have had captcha issues myself today. 
906 from axa march pmdarkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
906 this looks lovely. 
906 com watch ouo. 
907 you not want use bitcoin fog your best alternative right now probably shared coin. 
907 because you never lose control your bitcoin not possible lose coins. 
907 coinjoin mixer like shared coin multiple users sign transaction instead just one user. 
907 now its hard tell which user initiated the transaction hence increased privacy. 
907 not anonymous bitcoin fog though. 
908 any legit mixing service will take the time get listing the bitcoin wiki page. 
908 wiki category mixing servicesbefore sending your coins newer service good idea visit the bitcoin forum and check see there review thread for the service. 
909 you were really serious about you could read the jolly roger's reference library the security section the hub. 
909 phptoo much info for tiny little mind. 
910 fairly new the deep web new year and have perused through few different markets but far like blue sky. 
910 agora was nice until all the traffic hit and silk road was sketchy from the start. 
910 ive completed about transactions total across the three markets ive tried and have not received package once got seized for domestic order. 
910 luck has been pretty good. 
910 like blue sky better far for few reasons. 
910 first like the feedback system. 
910 second like the stats bsm shows for each vendor. 
910 third the speed the marketplace very good. 
910 once make more transactions bsm ill have better idea how like overall but far like better than agora. 
911 according all his words accentuate about traffic. 
911 good market requires traffic. 
911 easy handling problems for deposits problems for withdrawals good system for contact pgp correct communication with admins etc. 
911 for now fast and safe. 
912 seconded fast and smooth from the buyer point view too. 
912 what was the bluesky fud spread the silk road forums when bluesky first opened dont remember seeing that. 
913 there are many far more knowledgable than but i'll answer bit help you along. 
913 coinbase probably the most coin for your buck when comes easy places buy bitcoin. 
913 there are other ways that you can buy cheaper bitcoins btc but its royal pain the ass you live the. 
913 you can make and have many wallets you want store your bitcoin either your computer online. 
913 info trusted for online wallets. 
913 currently looking into running electrum from tails more secure wallet setup and believe that the consensus for good basic opsec operational security. 
913 would reccomend that you use tails minimize the possibility your computer leaking info about you. 
913 also makes things like pgp and otr messaging way easier its all included the. 
913 its really easy set too just download the iso image and mount dvd thumb drive card. 
914 kiinnostaisi kyll tiet ett mit kansainv listyminen. 
915 miksi pit menn kansainv liseksi miksi edes kiinnostaisi kauppapaikka niill monia muita sit varten. 
915 itse ainakin toivoisin ett pysyisi vain suomalaisten keskuudessa eik edes tarvitsisi ettei rupea alaik iset lukea sitten lehdist kun ovat tyneet. 
916 cant log for days because captcha problems. 
917 from damiel march pmseconded fast and smooth from the buyer point view too. 
917 what was the bluesky fud spread the silk road forums when bluesky first opened dont remember seeing that. 
917 right around christmas when was hitting rough waters few people posted links for bsm agora and pandora. 
917 bsm was instantly deemed scam. 
917 then nobody mentioned anymore. 
917 for the last months bsm has been anything but scam. 
917 agora does that referral program where people get paid spam their address was way overhyped and probably going the first fall. 
917 got too big too fast. 
917 blue sky has had time mature and from what the staff told they are only like capacity feel like will around longer than the other two. 
917 forums pretty much dictate what happens dnms and they jumped the gun bsm basically halting growth. 
917 but perseveres and outlasts market after market will grow. 
917 the admins are always updating things. 
917 its really nice see market where the operators really care. 
918 mean its always fast and smooth. 
918 almost never hiccup its refreshing. 
918 just wish the traffic would pick bit. 
918 the forums bashed bsm the beginning being scam and they halted the growth. 
918 but think the last months have easily been most flawless vending experience the. 
918 the guys running always making improvments. 
918 this makes feel like its not some quick hit run scam like smp they simply spend much time improving and adding security. 
918 post your experience bsm this thread. 
919 from raege march pmi was also impressed with the deposit time. 
919 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
919 was very happy and impressed. 
919 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
919 lolreally that what huh. 
919 its like half front half delivery. 
919 its great option. 
919 the deposit withdrawal times are blazing bsm right now agree with one the above posters that good for the whole dnm community there are many options far markets keeps the scrutiny spread thin and lessens the risk site closure when you have multiple markets supporting the load. 
920 from damiel march amquote from blackstar march ami just wrote long post about this forum. 
920 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
920 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
920 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
920 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
920 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
920 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
920 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
920 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
920 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
920 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
920 thanks for the convincing post. 
920 were little off topic here ill just say thanks and that totally hear what youre saying. 
920 almost wish used heroin could business with you would reccomend never touching the stuff. 
920 also painkillers thats your thing. 
921 there are many far more knowledgable than but ill answer bit help you along. 
921 coinbase probably the most coin for your buck when comes easy places buy bitcoin. 
921 there are other ways that you can buy cheaper bitcoins btc but its royal pain the ass you live the. 
921 you can make and have many wallets you want store your bitcoin either your computer online. 
921 info trusted for online wallets. 
921 currently looking into running electrum from tails more secure wallet setup and believe that the consensus for good basic opsec operational security. 
921 would reccomend that you use tails minimize the possibility your computer leaking info about you. 
921 also makes things like pgp and otr messaging way easier its all included the. 
921 its really easy set too just download the iso image and mount dvd thumb drive card. 
922 kiinnostaisi kyll tiet ett mit kansainv listyminen. 
923 miksi pit menn kansainv liseksi miksi edes kiinnostaisi kauppapaikka niill monia muita sit varten. 
923 itse ainakin toivoisin ett pysyisi vain suomalaisten keskuudessa eik edes tarvitsisi ettei rupea alaik iset lukea sitten lehdist kun ovat tyneet. 
924 best option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
924 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
924 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
924 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
925 from raege march pmi was also impressed with the deposit time. 
925 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
925 was very happy and impressed. 
925 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
925 lolreally that what huh. 
925 its like half front half delivery. 
925 its great option. 
925 the deposit withdrawal times are blazing bsm right now agree with one the above posters that good for the whole dnm community there are many options far markets keeps the scrutiny spread thin and lessens the risk site closure when you have multiple markets supporting the load. 
926 from damiel march amquote from blackstar march ami just wrote long post about this forum. 
926 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
926 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
926 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
926 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
926 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
926 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
926 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
926 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
926 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
926 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
926 thanks for the convincing post. 
926 were little off topic here ill just say thanks and that totally hear what youre saying. 
926 almost wish used heroin could business with you would reccomend never touching the stuff. 
926 also painkillers thats your thing. 
927 would say all the new sites are running slow for trade. 
927 there are many choose from now those that left the main ones are spread across dozen sites. 
927 unless every buyer comes this site the existence many new markets unknown. 
927 with every business you have out and get the trade. 
927 its vendors steer any buyers know the direction. 
927 certainly tba will one the main sites future run well. 
927 out the ten sites vend only are showing potential currently. 
927 tba one themalso quite noticeable new sites the absence scammers. 
927 lets face the main sites are getting flooded with them. 
927 some are selective scammers. 
927 they will have trouble getting onto some these sites. 
928 have you tried blockchains shared btc service has small fee compared bitcoinfog. 
929 according all his words accentuate about traffic. 
929 good market requires traffic. 
929 easy handling problems for deposits problems for withdrawals good system for contact pgp correct communication with admins etc. 
929 for now fast and safe. 
930 seconded fast and smooth from the buyer point view too. 
930 what was the bluesky fud spread the silk road forums when bluesky first opened dont remember seeing that. 
931 silk road not repeat not established marketplace. 
931 total turmoil and spiraling downward. 
931 silk road clusterfuck market with zero support. 
931 the marker the forum you will make defcon very happy you use his site. 
931 because will steal from you. 
931 law enforcement will also very happy because they are monitering the site vigorously looking for you. 
931 use not pass. 
931 pay thousands fines and attorney fees directly jail. 
932 checked out the site and was not impressed. 
932 the site requires too much from you slow and now unresponsive. 
932 too little freedom the site. 
932 not even sure how people are meant see your listings when you cant see them yourself. 
933 had been rather slow taking off but guessing thats the case with every new market there are many chose from and then folks are very wary with all new dnms. 
933 from having been scammed multiple times lately. 
933 takes time build trust and for folks part with their coins over relatively new marketplace. 
933 but that said things have picked over the last couple weeks mostly migrants from agora and the registrations have been steadily growing the day. 
933 that turn has brought about good momentum sales but unfortunately for you its mostly from the drug selections and not ccs. 
933 though there have been few inquiries the support forum which you could chip. 
933 also guess theres only much market can after all. 
933 offer free vendor accounts for couple months along with zero commisions all orders etc. 
933 payout bonus for referrals besides making sure having secure and bug free site for smooth transactions but guess then the onus lies with the site users get the good word around and refer their clients. 
933 were gradually getting there and good things take time. 
934 from thedude march pmquote from march pmhave you considered setting electrum wallet works well with tails and eliminates the need for third party wallets. 
934 but going try blockchain. 
934 info wallet mean they seem the main source for all this stuff anyway hopefully more secure than campbx. 
934 just keep mind blockchain. 
934 info requires you sometimes allow java just for caphtas believe and obviously the clearnet. 
934 honestly wouldnt surprise they were working closely with since the shutdown the mixing service that required wallet. 
934 highly recommend electrum with tails you have any questions setting how works feel free ask. 
935 from axa march pmcountermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
935 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
935 lelantos kinda scares with their headers. 
935 quotereceived from lelantos. 
935 either twisted naming policy maybe some are putting all their eggs one very big basket. 
936 hello doesnt matter where you advertise. 
936 you are only once allowed enter the event. 
937 what happening with tba have seen some people starting push out referral links hoping cream off some buyers that use tba but other than that have heard nothing. 
937 logged today days before have been there for months and still yet sell thing. 
937 not complaining here wondering why with going down agora under ddos people saying pandora vendors scam there hasnt been bigger charge towards tba. 
937 just sit there doesnt bother check every few days see have any questions answer orders fill but never have. 
937 there not many vendors tba are buyers put off for some reason. 
938 its the mentality. 
938 this what goes through peoples heads tor listings. 
938 fuck that agora ddos lots stuff well they have lots stuff ill there one really cares about security seems. 
938 just waiting for mst implemented then will push hard the people who value security knows how computer works. 
938 then should have many tech savvy smart people buying selling. 
939 have you tried blockchains shared btc service has small fee compared bitcoinfog. 
940 silk road not repeat not established marketplace. 
940 total turmoil and spiraling downward. 
940 silk road clusterfuck market with zero support. 
940 the marker the forum you will make defcon very happy you use his site. 
940 because will steal from you. 
940 law enforcement will also very happy because they are monitering the site vigorously looking for you. 
940 use not pass. 
940 pay thousands fines and attorney fees directly jail. 
941 from thedude march pmquote from march pmhave you considered setting electrum wallet works well with tails and eliminates the need for third party wallets. 
941 but going try blockchain. 
941 info wallet mean they seem the main source for all this stuff anyway hopefully more secure than campbx. 
941 just keep mind blockchain. 
941 info requires you sometimes allow java just for caphtas believe and obviously the clearnet. 
941 honestly wouldnt surprise they were working closely with since the shutdown the mixing service that required wallet. 
941 highly recommend electrum with tails you have any questions setting how works feel free ask. 
942 when try log says wrong username password tried days but still doesnt work. 
942 special problem with account agora still down. 
943 have you tried blockchains shared btc service has small fee compared bitcoinfog. 
944 best option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
944 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
944 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
944 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
945 thanks for the input. 
945 tails looks interesting but i'm not that level paranoia atm. 
945 coinbase seems the way. 
945 reddit praises just don't like the idea linking bank account with something. 
945 kind want more secure way exchaning. 
945 anyone have experience with blockchain and hive are two current wallets. 
945 one online one hardware. 
945 think i'll stop that. 
946 hello all i've downloaded wallet hive for osx. 
946 i'm googling where purchase coins and places like coincafe coinbase all require make wallet there too. 
946 assume create wallet those sites purchase the coins and transfer them hard drive wallet safe what would you recommend get started. 
947 from damiel march amquote from blackstar march ami just wrote long post about this forum. 
947 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
947 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
947 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
947 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
947 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
947 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
947 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
947 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
947 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
947 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
947 thanks for the convincing post. 
947 were little off topic here ill just say thanks and that totally hear what youre saying. 
947 almost wish used heroin could business with you would reccomend never touching the stuff. 
947 also painkillers thats your thing. 
948 from raege march pmi was also impressed with the deposit time. 
948 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
948 was very happy and impressed. 
948 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
948 lolreally that what huh. 
948 its like half front half delivery. 
948 its great option. 
948 the deposit withdrawal times are blazing bsm right now agree with one the above posters that good for the whole dnm community there are many options far markets keeps the scrutiny spread thin and lessens the risk site closure when you have multiple markets supporting the load. 
949 would say all the new sites are running slow for trade. 
949 there are many choose from now those that left the main ones are spread across dozen sites. 
949 unless every buyer comes this site the existence many new markets unknown. 
949 with every business you have out and get the trade. 
949 its vendors steer any buyers know the direction. 
949 certainly tba will one the main sites future run well. 
949 out the ten sites vend only are showing potential currently. 
949 tba one themalso quite noticeable new sites the absence scammers. 
949 lets face the main sites are getting flooded with them. 
949 some are selective scammers. 
949 they will have trouble getting onto some these sites. 
950 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
950 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
950 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
950 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
950 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
950 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
950 many soon are down due ddos serves attack. 
950 hope email peer peer email application. 
950 net docs applications supported emailtor mail was phishing site safe mail not allowed this server. 
950 yes you can register but will unable sent receive emails. 
950 log out and the message will forbiddenyou dont have permission access cgi bin safe mail. 
950 net this server. 
950 fedora server rimon. 
950 net port most the emails mentioned topics not work. 
950 always run check with onion sniffer and will give the status any onion url you are trying access. 
951 from amai march pmi have had captcha issues myself today. 
952 from axa march pmdarkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
952 this looks lovely. 
952 com watch ouo. 
953 you not want use bitcoin fog your best alternative right now probably shared coin. 
953 because you never lose control your bitcoin not possible lose coins. 
953 coinjoin mixer like shared coin multiple users sign transaction instead just one user. 
953 now its hard tell which user initiated the transaction hence increased privacy. 
953 not anonymous bitcoin fog though. 
954 any legit mixing service will take the time get listing the bitcoin wiki page. 
954 wiki category mixing servicesbefore sending your coins newer service good idea visit the bitcoin forum and check see there review thread for the service. 
955 you were really serious about you could read the jolly roger's reference library the security section the hub. 
955 phptoo much info for tiny little mind. 
956 fairly new the deep web new year and have perused through few different markets but far like blue sky. 
956 agora was nice until all the traffic hit and silk road was sketchy from the start. 
956 ive completed about transactions total across the three markets ive tried and have not received package once got seized for domestic order. 
956 luck has been pretty good. 
956 like blue sky better far for few reasons. 
956 first like the feedback system. 
956 second like the stats bsm shows for each vendor. 
956 third the speed the marketplace very good. 
956 once make more transactions bsm ill have better idea how like overall but far like better than agora. 
957 according all his words accentuate about traffic. 
957 good market requires traffic. 
957 easy handling problems for deposits problems for withdrawals good system for contact pgp correct communication with admins etc. 
957 for now fast and safe. 
958 seconded fast and smooth from the buyer point view too. 
958 what was the bluesky fud spread the silk road forums when bluesky first opened dont remember seeing that. 
959 there are many far more knowledgable than but i'll answer bit help you along. 
959 coinbase probably the most coin for your buck when comes easy places buy bitcoin. 
959 there are other ways that you can buy cheaper bitcoins btc but its royal pain the ass you live the. 
959 you can make and have many wallets you want store your bitcoin either your computer online. 
959 info trusted for online wallets. 
959 currently looking into running electrum from tails more secure wallet setup and believe that the consensus for good basic opsec operational security. 
959 would reccomend that you use tails minimize the possibility your computer leaking info about you. 
959 also makes things like pgp and otr messaging way easier its all included the. 
959 its really easy set too just download the iso image and mount dvd thumb drive card. 
960 kiinnostaisi kyll tiet ett mit kansainv listyminen. 
961 miksi pit menn kansainv liseksi miksi edes kiinnostaisi kauppapaikka niill monia muita sit varten. 
961 itse ainakin toivoisin ett pysyisi vain suomalaisten keskuudessa eik edes tarvitsisi ettei rupea alaik iset lukea sitten lehdist kun ovat tyneet. 
962 from axa march pmcountermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
962 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
962 lelantos kinda scares with their headers. 
962 quotereceived from lelantos. 
962 either twisted naming policy maybe some are putting all their eggs one very big basket. 
963 had been rather slow taking off but guessing thats the case with every new market there are many chose from and then folks are very wary with all new dnms. 
963 from having been scammed multiple times lately. 
963 takes time build trust and for folks part with their coins over relatively new marketplace. 
963 but that said things have picked over the last couple weeks mostly migrants from agora and the registrations have been steadily growing the day. 
963 that turn has brought about good momentum sales but unfortunately for you its mostly from the drug selections and not ccs. 
963 though there have been few inquiries the support forum which you could chip. 
963 also guess theres only much market can after all. 
963 offer free vendor accounts for couple months along with zero commisions all orders etc. 
963 payout bonus for referrals besides making sure having secure and bug free site for smooth transactions but guess then the onus lies with the site users get the good word around and refer their clients. 
963 were gradually getting there and good things take time. 
964 checked out the site and was not impressed. 
964 the site requires too much from you slow and now unresponsive. 
964 too little freedom the site. 
964 not even sure how people are meant see your listings when you cant see them yourself. 
965 mean its always fast and smooth. 
965 almost never hiccup its refreshing. 
965 just wish the traffic would pick bit. 
965 the forums bashed bsm the beginning being scam and they halted the growth. 
965 but think the last months have easily been most flawless vending experience the. 
965 the guys running always making improvments. 
965 this makes feel like its not some quick hit run scam like smp they simply spend much time improving and adding security. 
965 post your experience bsm this thread. 
966 from damiel march pmseconded fast and smooth from the buyer point view too. 
966 what was the bluesky fud spread the silk road forums when bluesky first opened dont remember seeing that. 
966 right around christmas when was hitting rough waters few people posted links for bsm agora and pandora. 
966 bsm was instantly deemed scam. 
966 then nobody mentioned anymore. 
966 for the last months bsm has been anything but scam. 
966 agora does that referral program where people get paid spam their address was way overhyped and probably going the first fall. 
966 got too big too fast. 
966 blue sky has had time mature and from what the staff told they are only like capacity feel like will around longer than the other two. 
966 forums pretty much dictate what happens dnms and they jumped the gun bsm basically halting growth. 
966 but perseveres and outlasts market after market will grow. 
966 the admins are always updating things. 
966 its really nice see market where the operators really care. 
967 was also impressed with the deposit time. 
967 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
967 was very happy and impressed. 
967 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
968 from firelight march ambest option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
968 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
968 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
968 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
968 defaulti agree with firelight. 
968 thats the easiest simplest method end with decent browser your isolated box without reinventing the wheel. 
968 and before picked any weird platforms for middlebox android etc make sure understood how their random number generation worked practice. 
968 some small platforms raspberry have hardware rng built but not clear what its contribution the cprng that feeds dev random and dev urandom. 
968 good rngs are more than little bit important that scenario. 
969 orgthat said you dont know the difference between java and javascript you shouldnt using the darknet. 
969 they are completely unrelated aside from the name and both being object oriented. 
970 hello doesnt matter where you advertise. 
970 you are only once allowed enter the event. 
971 what happening with tba have seen some people starting push out referral links hoping cream off some buyers that use tba but other than that have heard nothing. 
971 logged today days before have been there for months and still yet sell thing. 
971 not complaining here wondering why with going down agora under ddos people saying pandora vendors scam there hasnt been bigger charge towards tba. 
971 just sit there doesnt bother check every few days see have any questions answer orders fill but never have. 
971 there not many vendors tba are buyers put off for some reason. 
972 its the mentality. 
972 this what goes through peoples heads tor listings. 
972 fuck that agora ddos lots stuff well they have lots stuff ill there one really cares about security seems. 
972 just waiting for mst implemented then will push hard the people who value security knows how computer works. 
972 then should have many tech savvy smart people buying selling. 
973 have you tried blockchains shared btc service has small fee compared bitcoinfog. 
974 silk road not repeat not established marketplace. 
974 total turmoil and spiraling downward. 
974 silk road clusterfuck market with zero support. 
974 the marker the forum you will make defcon very happy you use his site. 
974 because will steal from you. 
974 law enforcement will also very happy because they are monitering the site vigorously looking for you. 
974 use not pass. 
974 pay thousands fines and attorney fees directly jail. 
975 from damiel march amquote from blackstar march ami just wrote long post about this forum. 
975 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
975 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
975 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
975 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
975 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
975 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
975 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
975 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
975 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
975 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
975 thanks for the convincing post. 
975 were little off topic here ill just say thanks and that totally hear what youre saying. 
975 almost wish used heroin could business with you would reccomend never touching the stuff. 
975 also painkillers thats your thing. 
976 from raege march pmi was also impressed with the deposit time. 
976 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
976 was very happy and impressed. 
976 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
976 lolreally that what huh. 
976 its like half front half delivery. 
976 its great option. 
976 the deposit withdrawal times are blazing bsm right now agree with one the above posters that good for the whole dnm community there are many options far markets keeps the scrutiny spread thin and lessens the risk site closure when you have multiple markets supporting the load. 
977 would say all the new sites are running slow for trade. 
977 there are many choose from now those that left the main ones are spread across dozen sites. 
977 unless every buyer comes this site the existence many new markets unknown. 
977 with every business you have out and get the trade. 
977 its vendors steer any buyers know the direction. 
977 certainly tba will one the main sites future run well. 
977 out the ten sites vend only are showing potential currently. 
977 tba one themalso quite noticeable new sites the absence scammers. 
977 lets face the main sites are getting flooded with them. 
977 some are selective scammers. 
977 they will have trouble getting onto some these sites. 
978 from owockeznan march amemail email. 
978 you arent going get around the fact that the headers give tons info even you pgp all the things. 
978 bote the superior solutionyour address simply public key. 
978 the emails are stored dht over all the nodes. 
978 the only thing that really not able hidden how many times you check your email and how many emails that you get. 
978 but since hides damn neary everything else its much better system. 
978 many soon are down due ddos serves attack. 
978 hope email peer peer email application. 
978 net docs applications supported emailtor mail was phishing site safe mail not allowed this server. 
978 yes you can register but will unable sent receive emails. 
978 log out and the message will forbiddenyou dont have permission access cgi bin safe mail. 
978 net this server. 
978 fedora server rimon. 
978 net port most the emails mentioned topics not work. 
978 always run check with onion sniffer and will give the status any onion url you are trying access. 
979 from amai march pmi have had captcha issues myself today. 
980 from axa march pmdarkcoin interesting concept but doubt will ever replace bitcoin. 
980 this looks lovely. 
980 com watch ouo. 
981 you not want use bitcoin fog your best alternative right now probably shared coin. 
981 because you never lose control your bitcoin not possible lose coins. 
981 coinjoin mixer like shared coin multiple users sign transaction instead just one user. 
981 now its hard tell which user initiated the transaction hence increased privacy. 
981 not anonymous bitcoin fog though. 
982 any legit mixing service will take the time get listing the bitcoin wiki page. 
982 wiki category mixing servicesbefore sending your coins newer service good idea visit the bitcoin forum and check see there review thread for the service. 
983 you were really serious about you could read the jolly roger's reference library the security section the hub. 
983 phptoo much info for tiny little mind. 
