1 from hou april amwhat can they without nothing. 
1 its harder exploit the browser without javascript but its nowhere near impossible. 
1 off the top head font rendering and image handling are two less areas where ive seen usable exploits for firefox etc. 
2 that was the one was looking for but couldnt find. 
2 and true there are much easier ways find out what you are encrypting than breaking the encryption. 
2 brute force useless dont even see why its used example. 
3 from thedude march amquote from rounded march pmi have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
3 you need least strong. 
3 dude while realize that your intent was humorous you nevertheless raise excellent question even only inference just how many characters you need secure the subject passwords and passphrases has been discussed considerable detail over the last two decades. 
3 let attempt boil things down were one the most fundamental concepts information theory that order versus randomness. 
3 order for message meaningful must contain some information meaning that has both structure well content. 
3 for example beautiful day today the sky blue the birds are singing. 
3 the above string sentence has structure has both order and meaning. 
3 usmgjtins ozp axmwz utcsb jlcm eowi pxov glwin contrast this string has structure has neither order nor meaning essentially random noise. 
3 the object cryptography take the first string characters english sentence and using some method usually based mathematical function transform into something resembling the second random string characters order keep the information out the hands unauthorized persons. 
3 over the centuries variety methods have been devised accomplish this one the more common use today the cipher. 
3 cipher method usually based mathematical principles functions for transforming data into apparent gibberish. 
3 some the most common ciphers use today pgp are aes the advanced encryption standard triple des often abbreviated des cast and idea. 
3 the strength ciphers and passphrases are frequently expressed bits thus have variants the aes cipher aes aes and aes where the keys used these ciphers are bits bits and bits respectively. 
3 other ciphers used pgp are also bit idea and cast. 
3 exception des bits. 
3 ciphers bits more are considered unbreakable brute force attack. 
3 here interesting note from pgps jon callas describing the difficulty cracking modern bit ciphers quotemodern cryptographic systems are essentially unbreakable particularly adversary restricted intercepts. 
3 have argued for designed and built systems with bits security precisely because they are essentially unbreakable. 
3 very easy underestimate the power exponentials. 
3 very big number. 
3 burt kaliski first came with this and had nickel for every time tell could buy latte three. 
3 imagine computer that the size grain sand that can test keys against some encrypted data. 
3 also imagine that can test key the amount time takes light cross. 
3 then consider cluster these computers many that you covered the earth with them they would cover the whole planet the height meter. 
3 the cluster computers would crack bit key average years. 
3 you want brute force key literally takes planet ful computers. 
3 and course there are always bit keys you worry about the possibility that government has spare planet that they want devote key cracking. 
3 passphrase with bits more entropy would appear ideal. 
3 now have deal with the question how determine how much entropy passphrase certain length thankfully the calculations this are pretty. 
3 one the most frequently misleading assertions about passwords that they must include special characters. 
3 this may may not necessary depending the length the password were discussing. 
3 general rule the strength password depends two factors the length the password and the search space the number characters comprising the set used the password passphrase the greater the search space the shorter your password has afford the same security. 
3 your password allows only lowercase the search space your password allows lower uppercase the search space. 
3 your password allows lower uppercase numerals the search space. 
3 there are special characters that are sometimes permitted passwords these are. 
3 your password allows lower uppercase numerals special characters the search space. 
3 situations where are restricted short passwords. 
3 characters the use special characters addition uppercase lowercase and numerals highly recommended due the short password lengths. 
3 let illustrate some examples the typical automated teller machine atm allows for digit pin number this gives search space from through. 
3 although this acceptable for atm would laughable computer password any password cracking software would break this within seconds. 
3 lets assume that now are using system with character password limitation. 
3 such systems still exist believe not. 
3 one such torbox. 
3 lets see how stacks upper lowercase only. 
3 about billion combinations. 
3 bits entropy upper lowercase only. 
3 about billion combinations bits entropy upper lowercase numerals. 
3 about billion combinations bits entropy upper lowercase numberals special. 
3 million billion combinations bits entropy you can see from the numbers that the addition special characters increases the complexity considerably but are still constrained the much too short password length. 
3 the major problem wiht the above example torbox that the allowable password length simply too short. 
3 more reasonable systems will allow passwords the character limit. 
3 little aside you may find interest learn that the fsb federal security bureau the russian states successor the soviet kgb recommended their agents that they use character password their computers. 
3 lets the math shall characters lowercase only. 
3 this works out bits entropy just slightly less than the bits afforded some the ciphers pgp. 
3 this times strong the des cipher bits. 
3 this should proof positive that you not have have mixed case numerics special characters the password long enough. 
3 lets now look two more recent examples tormail which had character password limit and mailtor which has character limit. 
3 tormail char limit upper lowercase numerals. 
3 which works out bits entropy. 
3 mailtor char limit upper lowercase numerals. 
3 which works out bits entropy. 
3 both these are well excess the bits that set goal. 
3 now lets consider the original posters characters chars lowercase only. 
3 which works out bits entropy. 
3 chars mixed case. 
3 which works out bits entropy. 
3 chars mixed case numerals. 
3 which works out bits entropy. 
3 chars mixed case numerals special. 
3 which works out bits entropy. 
3 any way you slice the original posters character password more than sufficiently strong thwart brute force attack. 
3 final note like excerpt some information from jon callas presentation cracking pgp which made the defcon conference. 
3 note the last reference about hypotheticals per second thats about. 
3 billion password guesses per second. 
3 also remember that these remarks were made think can assume that the government considerably better now some years later. 
3 sum order thwart dictionary attacks and brute forcing passwords have random with about bits entropy. 
3 quotestart hacking the passphrase use some cracker call specialists this access data etc. 
3 major governments have their own clusters this use psychological modeling based upon browser caches searches plaintext can generate over hypotheticals per secondzaphod. 
4 from evilgrin april. 
4 com you could also use diceware diceware words yield bits entropy. 
4 com actually thought you were going reference this comic. 
5 from rounded april amas for full disk encryption from macintosh using system. 
5 btw thinking that tryecrypt has been broken about safe. 
5 there evidence least that aware that truecrypt has been broken. 
5 while true that truecrypt undergoing security audit that does not mean insecure. 
5 truecrypt does have track record iirc there was brazilian banker named danzas who had several encrypted drive seized brazilian police. 
5 the brazilian authorities were unable make any headway the encrypted drives after months effort they enlisted the help the fbi. 
5 the fbi hammered them for another full year with success. 
5 while truecrypt wasnt mentioned name from the description the media reports about cascading ciphers was reasonably obvious that truecrypt was what they were talking about. 
5 from rounded april amthen hopefully further step have created bit encrypted disk image hard drive with another strong password including all keys. 
5 thats where keep the stuff dont want anyone see. 
5 that helpful extrastep will mirages friends apple able back door that one well not really that familiar with filevault not being apple user myself had little poking around. 
5 what found raised the hairs the back neck. 
5 you might wish read the following blogs academic papers for more background there back door filevault. 
5 com there back door filevault clearnet filevault apple backdoor. 
5 com blog filevault apple backdoor clearnet about filevault. 
5 com clearnet analysis apples filevault. 
5 com blog archives analysis. 
5 html clearnet apple legacy filevault hole. 
5 org apple filevault hole. 
5 htm clearnet lion. 
5 user account passwords appear log files for legacy filevault and network home directories. 
5 com clearnet analysis filevault apple full disk encryption. 
5 org analysis filevault apples full disk encryption clearnet infiltrate the vault security analysis and decryption lion full disk encryption. 
5 pdf clearnet zaphod. 
7 btc down around today. 
7 the other are mostly down even more. 
7 wonder we're going see all out crash one day soon. 
7 considering how much prices have gone the past year wouldn't surprise. 
7 there must many people sitting big profits which they haven't converted fiat currency and lot them decide now the time take their profits look out below. 
8 blarhh bitcoin fluctuation bitch. 
8 vendors have savings can play smart and cash out the right times. 
8 usually works out well for. 
8 this time however forced sell low. 
9 does anyone know mail address. 
10 welcome home man good have you here. 
11 from bruce april amyou could try send him message the marketplace can't get response. 
12 you could try send him message the marketplace. 
13 well would best customize the forum set off default yeah but quick simple workaround the mean time would just run this query every often shut off for everybody all once update smf members set show online this could done from cron job run every minutes someuser mysql sqlusername ppassword dbname 'update smf members set show online. 
14 would suck coins crashed alot vendors would fucked. 
14 imagine being vendor with around usd worth coins next day you wake cash out its worth only and you prolly sent out triple that ammount product. 
14 sheesh lets hope not. 
15 from scroat april amwelcome home man good have you here glad here. 
15 only regret not arriving sooner checked buyer account and don't even see deposit address. 
16 from enigmaticsmile march pmlast few weeks lost. 
16 just waiting for rise. 
16 momma needs new shoes daddy needs hits. 
16 also lost bit over. 
16 that's the price play play our game right anyway let's hope for rise now. 
17 hello will chime verify that legit vendor with kick ass fresh clean fun crystal. 
17 would order again yes would recommend friend yes happy not option it's life style. 
18 thank you bruce. 
19 what can they without nothing. 
20 epailen vahvasti etta suoriudun tehtavasta silla olen ihan tays kasi koneiden kanssa. 
20 mutta kiitos paljon vaivannaostasi. 
21 kysyn teilta etta miten esimerkiksi tuotteen onnistuu usb tikun kautta onnistuin siina pariin otteeseen mutta nyt jotenkin piilottanut tuon muistikortin enka kuvia tuotteista eli tarvis neuvoa tuon muistikortin loytamisen kanssa. 
21 noh sen tein loytanyt. 
21 kiitos sille kuka neuvoa. 
22 what can they without nothing. 
23 for full disk encryption from macintosh using system. 
23 btw thinking that tryecrypt has been broken about safe. 
23 then hopefully further step have created bit encrypted disk image hard drive with another strong password including all keys. 
23 thats where keep the stuff dont want anyone see. 
23 that helpful extrastep will mirages friends apple able back door that one well. 
24 you guys are wealth info. 
24 will definitely take the extra time shut down opposed putting sleep. 
24 was assuming they were the same but glad find out finally. 
25 and does down regularly was just about send btc. 
26 from playground april amwhy would you want connected keyserver never use keyserver but have set anyway. 
26 quoteand what are the essential differences between firelights keysever setup and owockeznans keyserver setup mine hidden service and his clearnet server. 
26 your proxy failed for some reason you would connect the keyserver over clearnet his setup linking your address the key you want fetch while the connection would simply fail setup although there would probably dns leak. 
27 hey sent you that heard your feedback and updated the directory make bit easier navigate and search. 
28 hey subs ive heard such great things about your gear and have been meaning try out. 
28 signed read multi sig and ready place first order over there when get some coin. 
28 checked out your profile there today and noticed you didnt have any listings anymore. 
28 any idea when youll upping just curious when should plan getting some more coin. 
28 thanks advance for any info. 
29 firelight originally posted these suggestions for the gpg. 
29 verbose the option above depends having http proxy like privoxy forwarding tors socksportquote from owockeznan april amyou dont have use hidden service for your keyserver you set right. 
29 keyserver hkps hkps. 
29 netkeyserver options cert file path the sks keyservers. 
29 honor keyserver urlof course that hooks you with public keyserver. 
29 firelight owockeznan why would you want connected keyserver understand that the non darknet world convenient. 
29 but why would you want publish your darknet public keys leo can easily access them. 
29 leo doesnt need the troubleof busting vendor buyer pick pieces theycan put together later. 
29 leo raids keyserver wont they have access the logs for the keyserver perhaps those logs identify the address the original submitter the key and those who chose access your keys later. 
29 and what are the essential differences between firelights keysever setup and owockeznans keyserver setup thanks for your help. 
29 have nice day. 
31 well would best customize the forum set off default yeah but quick simple workaround the mean time would just run this query every often shut off for everybody all once update smf members set show online this could done from cron job run every minutes someuser mysql sqlusername ppassword dbname 'update smf members set show online. 
32 from ambiguity april pmhow about mail. 
32 com know you still need the pgp yourself but its always worked well for. 
32 take look mail. 
32 coms privacy policy. 
32 com company privacypolicy. 
32 footer nav you might well using gmail god forbid. 
33 from axa april amquote from ambiguity april pmhow about mail. 
33 com know you still need the pgp yourself but its always worked well for. 
33 take look mail. 
33 coms privacy policy. 
33 com company privacypolicy. 
33 footer nav you might well using gmail god forbid. 
33 what contained mail other service providers policy absolutely totally irrelevant. 
33 provider can have the most stringent privacy policy the planet but when the authorities show with legal paper badge all that disappears puff smoke they hand over your information. 
33 case point hushmail. 
33 here are copies hushmails faqs from the internet wayback machine. 
33 hush removed these from their sites after they bent over and spread their cheeks for the dea but see just how explicit their promises were and compare them with the reality that over decrypted emails were handed over the dea. 
33 there are great many people who spent time jail because they relied hushmails privacy polices promises. 
33 privacy policy non starter the only thing that matters privacy design. 
33 quotedoes hushmail have back door that can accessed government agencies. 
33 email which includes attachments sent between hush users completely encrypted. 
33 what message subpoenaed hush will answer valid court issued subpoenas. 
33 however the mail fully encrypted the subpoenaed version will not resemble the original text version. 
33 com about hushmail faq from hushmails faq note the change wording make their claims more explicit does hushmail have back door that can accessed government agencies. 
33 email which includes attachments sent between hush users completely encrypted. 
33 what message subpoenaed hush like any company individual legally bound respond court issued subpoenas. 
33 however because not even hush can access the encryption keys individual users the case subpoena hush would only able provide the encrypted coded version the transmitted email. 
33 com about hushmail faq axolotl. 
34 from sorrymario march pmlol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
34 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
34 that fucking hilarious. 
35 butt ugly they took because was too much trouble make their own. 
35 same reason they ripped off breaking bads logo for the forum. 
35 the forum fucked now spammers. 
36 the post above point although tor was developed for masking your address not log onto your bank account facebook etc. 
36 while running itits opsec thing your the darknet you are here for reason and should you require clear net access log off tor simplestay safe. 
37 was earlier today but now its down again. 
37 the forum spammed death shoe spammers one post per minute and the mod there one does nothing. 
38 from deepify april pmyep are publishing some updates itll tad slow for few more minutes sorry for the lag. 
38 the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted. 
38 your idea search good one. 
38 thsnks for the reply its reassuring that youre paying attention prospective shopkeepers. 
38 couldnt use without search both for vendor and product. 
38 looking that directory last night was headache inducing and impossible find specific items. 
38 yes please search function the very least. 
38 wont work any more store until becomes navigable group stores rather than chaotic jumble. 
39 they were having some trouble with uptime while back but seems running just fine lately. 
41 from hou april amwhat can they without nothing. 
41 its harder exploit the browser without javascript but its nowhere near impossible. 
41 off the top head font rendering and image handling are two less areas where ive seen usable exploits for firefox etc. 
42 that was the one was looking for but couldnt find. 
42 and true there are much easier ways find out what you are encrypting than breaking the encryption. 
42 brute force useless dont even see why its used example. 
43 from thedude march amquote from rounded march pmi have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
43 you need least strong. 
43 dude while realize that your intent was humorous you nevertheless raise excellent question even only inference just how many characters you need secure the subject passwords and passphrases has been discussed considerable detail over the last two decades. 
43 let attempt boil things down were one the most fundamental concepts information theory that order versus randomness. 
43 order for message meaningful must contain some information meaning that has both structure well content. 
43 for example beautiful day today the sky blue the birds are singing. 
43 the above string sentence has structure has both order and meaning. 
43 usmgjtins ozp axmwz utcsb jlcm eowi pxov glwin contrast this string has structure has neither order nor meaning essentially random noise. 
43 the object cryptography take the first string characters english sentence and using some method usually based mathematical function transform into something resembling the second random string characters order keep the information out the hands unauthorized persons. 
43 over the centuries variety methods have been devised accomplish this one the more common use today the cipher. 
43 cipher method usually based mathematical principles functions for transforming data into apparent gibberish. 
43 some the most common ciphers use today pgp are aes the advanced encryption standard triple des often abbreviated des cast and idea. 
43 the strength ciphers and passphrases are frequently expressed bits thus have variants the aes cipher aes aes and aes where the keys used these ciphers are bits bits and bits respectively. 
43 other ciphers used pgp are also bit idea and cast. 
43 exception des bits. 
43 ciphers bits more are considered unbreakable brute force attack. 
43 here interesting note from pgps jon callas describing the difficulty cracking modern bit ciphers quotemodern cryptographic systems are essentially unbreakable particularly adversary restricted intercepts. 
43 have argued for designed and built systems with bits security precisely because they are essentially unbreakable. 
43 very easy underestimate the power exponentials. 
43 very big number. 
43 burt kaliski first came with this and had nickel for every time tell could buy latte three. 
43 imagine computer that the size grain sand that can test keys against some encrypted data. 
43 also imagine that can test key the amount time takes light cross. 
43 then consider cluster these computers many that you covered the earth with them they would cover the whole planet the height meter. 
43 the cluster computers would crack bit key average years. 
43 you want brute force key literally takes planet ful computers. 
43 and course there are always bit keys you worry about the possibility that government has spare planet that they want devote key cracking. 
43 passphrase with bits more entropy would appear ideal. 
43 now have deal with the question how determine how much entropy passphrase certain length thankfully the calculations this are pretty. 
43 one the most frequently misleading assertions about passwords that they must include special characters. 
43 this may may not necessary depending the length the password were discussing. 
43 general rule the strength password depends two factors the length the password and the search space the number characters comprising the set used the password passphrase the greater the search space the shorter your password has afford the same security. 
43 your password allows only lowercase the search space your password allows lower uppercase the search space. 
43 your password allows lower uppercase numerals the search space. 
43 there are special characters that are sometimes permitted passwords these are. 
43 your password allows lower uppercase numerals special characters the search space. 
43 situations where are restricted short passwords. 
43 characters the use special characters addition uppercase lowercase and numerals highly recommended due the short password lengths. 
43 let illustrate some examples the typical automated teller machine atm allows for digit pin number this gives search space from through. 
43 although this acceptable for atm would laughable computer password any password cracking software would break this within seconds. 
43 lets assume that now are using system with character password limitation. 
43 such systems still exist believe not. 
43 one such torbox. 
43 lets see how stacks upper lowercase only. 
43 about billion combinations. 
43 bits entropy upper lowercase only. 
43 about billion combinations bits entropy upper lowercase numerals. 
43 about billion combinations bits entropy upper lowercase numberals special. 
43 million billion combinations bits entropy you can see from the numbers that the addition special characters increases the complexity considerably but are still constrained the much too short password length. 
43 the major problem wiht the above example torbox that the allowable password length simply too short. 
43 more reasonable systems will allow passwords the character limit. 
43 little aside you may find interest learn that the fsb federal security bureau the russian states successor the soviet kgb recommended their agents that they use character password their computers. 
43 lets the math shall characters lowercase only. 
43 this works out bits entropy just slightly less than the bits afforded some the ciphers pgp. 
43 this times strong the des cipher bits. 
43 this should proof positive that you not have have mixed case numerics special characters the password long enough. 
43 lets now look two more recent examples tormail which had character password limit and mailtor which has character limit. 
43 tormail char limit upper lowercase numerals. 
43 which works out bits entropy. 
43 mailtor char limit upper lowercase numerals. 
43 which works out bits entropy. 
43 both these are well excess the bits that set goal. 
43 now lets consider the original posters characters chars lowercase only. 
43 which works out bits entropy. 
43 chars mixed case. 
43 which works out bits entropy. 
43 chars mixed case numerals. 
43 which works out bits entropy. 
43 chars mixed case numerals special. 
43 which works out bits entropy. 
43 any way you slice the original posters character password more than sufficiently strong thwart brute force attack. 
43 final note like excerpt some information from jon callas presentation cracking pgp which made the defcon conference. 
43 note the last reference about hypotheticals per second thats about. 
43 billion password guesses per second. 
43 also remember that these remarks were made think can assume that the government considerably better now some years later. 
43 sum order thwart dictionary attacks and brute forcing passwords have random with about bits entropy. 
43 quotestart hacking the passphrase use some cracker call specialists this access data etc. 
43 major governments have their own clusters this use psychological modeling based upon browser caches searches plaintext can generate over hypotheticals per secondzaphod. 
44 from evilgrin april. 
44 com you could also use diceware diceware words yield bits entropy. 
44 com actually thought you were going reference this comic. 
45 from rounded april amas for full disk encryption from macintosh using system. 
45 btw thinking that tryecrypt has been broken about safe. 
45 there evidence least that aware that truecrypt has been broken. 
45 while true that truecrypt undergoing security audit that does not mean insecure. 
45 truecrypt does have track record iirc there was brazilian banker named danzas who had several encrypted drive seized brazilian police. 
45 the brazilian authorities were unable make any headway the encrypted drives after months effort they enlisted the help the fbi. 
45 the fbi hammered them for another full year with success. 
45 while truecrypt wasnt mentioned name from the description the media reports about cascading ciphers was reasonably obvious that truecrypt was what they were talking about. 
45 from rounded april amthen hopefully further step have created bit encrypted disk image hard drive with another strong password including all keys. 
45 thats where keep the stuff dont want anyone see. 
45 that helpful extrastep will mirages friends apple able back door that one well not really that familiar with filevault not being apple user myself had little poking around. 
45 what found raised the hairs the back neck. 
45 you might wish read the following blogs academic papers for more background there back door filevault. 
45 com there back door filevault clearnet filevault apple backdoor. 
45 com blog filevault apple backdoor clearnet about filevault. 
45 com clearnet analysis apples filevault. 
45 com blog archives analysis. 
45 html clearnet apple legacy filevault hole. 
45 org apple filevault hole. 
45 htm clearnet lion. 
45 user account passwords appear log files for legacy filevault and network home directories. 
45 com clearnet analysis filevault apple full disk encryption. 
45 org analysis filevault apples full disk encryption clearnet infiltrate the vault security analysis and decryption lion full disk encryption. 
45 pdf clearnet zaphod. 
46 and does down regularly was just about send btc. 
47 from playground april amwhy would you want connected keyserver never use keyserver but have set anyway. 
47 quoteand what are the essential differences between firelights keysever setup and owockeznans keyserver setup mine hidden service and his clearnet server. 
47 your proxy failed for some reason you would connect the keyserver over clearnet his setup linking your address the key you want fetch while the connection would simply fail setup although there would probably dns leak. 
48 hey sent you that heard your feedback and updated the directory make bit easier navigate and search. 
49 hey subs ive heard such great things about your gear and have been meaning try out. 
49 signed read multi sig and ready place first order over there when get some coin. 
49 checked out your profile there today and noticed you didnt have any listings anymore. 
49 any idea when youll upping just curious when should plan getting some more coin. 
49 thanks advance for any info. 
50 firelight originally posted these suggestions for the gpg. 
50 verbose the option above depends having http proxy like privoxy forwarding tors socksportquote from owockeznan april amyou dont have use hidden service for your keyserver you set right. 
50 keyserver hkps hkps. 
50 netkeyserver options cert file path the sks keyservers. 
50 honor keyserver urlof course that hooks you with public keyserver. 
50 firelight owockeznan why would you want connected keyserver understand that the non darknet world convenient. 
50 but why would you want publish your darknet public keys leo can easily access them. 
50 leo doesnt need the troubleof busting vendor buyer pick pieces theycan put together later. 
50 leo raids keyserver wont they have access the logs for the keyserver perhaps those logs identify the address the original submitter the key and those who chose access your keys later. 
50 and what are the essential differences between firelights keysever setup and owockeznans keyserver setup thanks for your help. 
50 have nice day. 
52 well would best customize the forum set off default yeah but quick simple workaround the mean time would just run this query every often shut off for everybody all once update smf members set show online this could done from cron job run every minutes someuser mysql sqlusername ppassword dbname 'update smf members set show online. 
53 from ambiguity april pmhow about mail. 
53 com know you still need the pgp yourself but its always worked well for. 
53 take look mail. 
53 coms privacy policy. 
53 com company privacypolicy. 
53 footer nav you might well using gmail god forbid. 
54 from axa april amquote from ambiguity april pmhow about mail. 
54 com know you still need the pgp yourself but its always worked well for. 
54 take look mail. 
54 coms privacy policy. 
54 com company privacypolicy. 
54 footer nav you might well using gmail god forbid. 
54 what contained mail other service providers policy absolutely totally irrelevant. 
54 provider can have the most stringent privacy policy the planet but when the authorities show with legal paper badge all that disappears puff smoke they hand over your information. 
54 case point hushmail. 
54 here are copies hushmails faqs from the internet wayback machine. 
54 hush removed these from their sites after they bent over and spread their cheeks for the dea but see just how explicit their promises were and compare them with the reality that over decrypted emails were handed over the dea. 
54 there are great many people who spent time jail because they relied hushmails privacy polices promises. 
54 privacy policy non starter the only thing that matters privacy design. 
54 quotedoes hushmail have back door that can accessed government agencies. 
54 email which includes attachments sent between hush users completely encrypted. 
54 what message subpoenaed hush will answer valid court issued subpoenas. 
54 however the mail fully encrypted the subpoenaed version will not resemble the original text version. 
54 com about hushmail faq from hushmails faq note the change wording make their claims more explicit does hushmail have back door that can accessed government agencies. 
54 email which includes attachments sent between hush users completely encrypted. 
54 what message subpoenaed hush like any company individual legally bound respond court issued subpoenas. 
54 however because not even hush can access the encryption keys individual users the case subpoena hush would only able provide the encrypted coded version the transmitted email. 
54 com about hushmail faq axolotl. 
55 from sorrymario march pmlol the logo actually taken from graphic used the snowden nsa documents for the tor sucks slides. 
55 agora said the graphic was too good let waste. 
55 that fucking hilarious. 
56 butt ugly they took because was too much trouble make their own. 
56 same reason they ripped off breaking bads logo for the forum. 
56 the forum fucked now spammers. 
57 the post above point although tor was developed for masking your address not log onto your bank account facebook etc. 
57 while running itits opsec thing your the darknet you are here for reason and should you require clear net access log off tor simplestay safe. 
58 was earlier today but now its down again. 
58 the forum spammed death shoe spammers one post per minute and the mod there one does nothing. 
59 from deepify april pmyep are publishing some updates itll tad slow for few more minutes sorry for the lag. 
59 the directory was just launched and your feedback has been noted. 
59 your idea search good one. 
59 thsnks for the reply its reassuring that youre paying attention prospective shopkeepers. 
59 couldnt use without search both for vendor and product. 
59 looking that directory last night was headache inducing and impossible find specific items. 
59 yes please search function the very least. 
59 wont work any more store until becomes navigable group stores rather than chaotic jumble. 
60 they were having some trouble with uptime while back but seems running just fine lately. 
62 from hou april amwhat can they without nothing. 
62 its harder exploit the browser without javascript but its nowhere near impossible. 
62 off the top head font rendering and image handling are two less areas where ive seen usable exploits for firefox etc. 
63 that was the one was looking for but couldnt find. 
63 and true there are much easier ways find out what you are encrypting than breaking the encryption. 
63 brute force useless dont even see why its used example. 
64 from thedude march amquote from rounded march pmi have character strong password and full disk encryption. 
64 you need least strong. 
64 dude while realize that your intent was humorous you nevertheless raise excellent question even only inference just how many characters you need secure the subject passwords and passphrases has been discussed considerable detail over the last two decades. 
64 let attempt boil things down were one the most fundamental concepts information theory that order versus randomness. 
64 order for message meaningful must contain some information meaning that has both structure well content. 
64 for example beautiful day today the sky blue the birds are singing. 
64 the above string sentence has structure has both order and meaning. 
64 usmgjtins ozp axmwz utcsb jlcm eowi pxov glwin contrast this string has structure has neither order nor meaning essentially random noise. 
64 the object cryptography take the first string characters english sentence and using some method usually based mathematical function transform into something resembling the second random string characters order keep the information out the hands unauthorized persons. 
64 over the centuries variety methods have been devised accomplish this one the more common use today the cipher. 
64 cipher method usually based mathematical principles functions for transforming data into apparent gibberish. 
64 some the most common ciphers use today pgp are aes the advanced encryption standard triple des often abbreviated des cast and idea. 
64 the strength ciphers and passphrases are frequently expressed bits thus have variants the aes cipher aes aes and aes where the keys used these ciphers are bits bits and bits respectively. 
64 other ciphers used pgp are also bit idea and cast. 
64 exception des bits. 
64 ciphers bits more are considered unbreakable brute force attack. 
64 here interesting note from pgps jon callas describing the difficulty cracking modern bit ciphers quotemodern cryptographic systems are essentially unbreakable particularly adversary restricted intercepts. 
64 have argued for designed and built systems with bits security precisely because they are essentially unbreakable. 
64 very easy underestimate the power exponentials. 
64 very big number. 
64 burt kaliski first came with this and had nickel for every time tell could buy latte three. 
64 imagine computer that the size grain sand that can test keys against some encrypted data. 
64 also imagine that can test key the amount time takes light cross. 
64 then consider cluster these computers many that you covered the earth with them they would cover the whole planet the height meter. 
64 the cluster computers would crack bit key average years. 
64 you want brute force key literally takes planet ful computers. 
64 and course there are always bit keys you worry about the possibility that government has spare planet that they want devote key cracking. 
64 passphrase with bits more entropy would appear ideal. 
64 now have deal with the question how determine how much entropy passphrase certain length thankfully the calculations this are pretty. 
64 one the most frequently misleading assertions about passwords that they must include special characters. 
64 this may may not necessary depending the length the password were discussing. 
64 general rule the strength password depends two factors the length the password and the search space the number characters comprising the set used the password passphrase the greater the search space the shorter your password has afford the same security. 
64 your password allows only lowercase the search space your password allows lower uppercase the search space. 
64 your password allows lower uppercase numerals the search space. 
64 there are special characters that are sometimes permitted passwords these are. 
64 your password allows lower uppercase numerals special characters the search space. 
64 situations where are restricted short passwords. 
64 characters the use special characters addition uppercase lowercase and numerals highly recommended due the short password lengths. 
64 let illustrate some examples the typical automated teller machine atm allows for digit pin number this gives search space from through. 
64 although this acceptable for atm would laughable computer password any password cracking software would break this within seconds. 
64 lets assume that now are using system with character password limitation. 
64 such systems still exist believe not. 
64 one such torbox. 
64 lets see how stacks upper lowercase only. 
64 about billion combinations. 
64 bits entropy upper lowercase only. 
64 about billion combinations bits entropy upper lowercase numerals. 
64 about billion combinations bits entropy upper lowercase numberals special. 
64 million billion combinations bits entropy you can see from the numbers that the addition special characters increases the complexity considerably but are still constrained the much too short password length. 
64 the major problem wiht the above example torbox that the allowable password length simply too short. 
64 more reasonable systems will allow passwords the character limit. 
64 little aside you may find interest learn that the fsb federal security bureau the russian states successor the soviet kgb recommended their agents that they use character password their computers. 
64 lets the math shall characters lowercase only. 
64 this works out bits entropy just slightly less than the bits afforded some the ciphers pgp. 
64 this times strong the des cipher bits. 
64 this should proof positive that you not have have mixed case numerics special characters the password long enough. 
64 lets now look two more recent examples tormail which had character password limit and mailtor which has character limit. 
64 tormail char limit upper lowercase numerals. 
64 which works out bits entropy. 
64 mailtor char limit upper lowercase numerals. 
64 which works out bits entropy. 
64 both these are well excess the bits that set goal. 
64 now lets consider the original posters characters chars lowercase only. 
64 which works out bits entropy. 
64 chars mixed case. 
64 which works out bits entropy. 
64 chars mixed case numerals. 
64 which works out bits entropy. 
64 chars mixed case numerals special. 
64 which works out bits entropy. 
64 any way you slice the original posters character password more than sufficiently strong thwart brute force attack. 
64 final note like excerpt some information from jon callas presentation cracking pgp which made the defcon conference. 
64 note the last reference about hypotheticals per second thats about. 
64 billion password guesses per second. 
64 also remember that these remarks were made think can assume that the government considerably better now some years later. 
64 sum order thwart dictionary attacks and brute forcing passwords have random with about bits entropy. 
64 quotestart hacking the passphrase use some cracker call specialists this access data etc. 
64 major governments have their own clusters this use psychological modeling based upon browser caches searches plaintext can generate over hypotheticals per secondzaphod. 
65 from evilgrin april. 
65 com you could also use diceware diceware words yield bits entropy. 
65 com actually thought you were going reference this comic. 
66 from rounded april amas for full disk encryption from macintosh using system. 
66 btw thinking that tryecrypt has been broken about safe. 
66 there evidence least that aware that truecrypt has been broken. 
66 while true that truecrypt undergoing security audit that does not mean insecure. 
66 truecrypt does have track record iirc there was brazilian banker named danzas who had several encrypted drive seized brazilian police. 
66 the brazilian authorities were unable make any headway the encrypted drives after months effort they enlisted the help the fbi. 
66 the fbi hammered them for another full year with success. 
66 while truecrypt wasnt mentioned name from the description the media reports about cascading ciphers was reasonably obvious that truecrypt was what they were talking about. 
66 from rounded april amthen hopefully further step have created bit encrypted disk image hard drive with another strong password including all keys. 
66 thats where keep the stuff dont want anyone see. 
66 that helpful extrastep will mirages friends apple able back door that one well not really that familiar with filevault not being apple user myself had little poking around. 
66 what found raised the hairs the back neck. 
66 you might wish read the following blogs academic papers for more background there back door filevault. 
66 com there back door filevault clearnet filevault apple backdoor. 
66 com blog filevault apple backdoor clearnet about filevault. 
66 com clearnet analysis apples filevault. 
66 com blog archives analysis. 
66 html clearnet apple legacy filevault hole. 
66 org apple filevault hole. 
66 htm clearnet lion. 
66 user account passwords appear log files for legacy filevault and network home directories. 
66 com clearnet analysis filevault apple full disk encryption. 
66 org analysis filevault apples full disk encryption clearnet infiltrate the vault security analysis and decryption lion full disk encryption. 
66 pdf clearnet zaphod. 
67 this cross posted from. 
67 stop press the price namecoin down. 
67 update the price namecoin down. 
67 update the price namecoin down. 
67 stop press you can now trade eur cny usd cny yuan btc. 
67 getting hold yuan has been notoriously difficult the past. 
67 lots forms and lots bureaucracy. 
67 useful like many you take bearish view usd eur. 
67 useful too you wanted trade btcchina. 
67 have nice day. 
68 from playground april amhi firelight owockeznan why would you want connected keyserver understand that the non darknet world convenient. 
68 but why would you want publish your darknet public keys leo can easily access them. 
68 leo doesnt need the troubleof busting vendor buyer pick pieces theycan put together later. 
68 leo raids keyserver wont they have access the logs for the keyserver perhaps those logs identify the address the original submitter the key and those who chose access your keys later. 
68 and what are the essential differences between firelights keysever setup and owockeznans keyserver setup thanks for your help. 
68 have nice day. 
68 and happy why would you want connected say one wanted verify their download software from the clearnet. 
68 the keyserver would make lot easier establish trust with their keys. 
68 certainly not going around publishing every key that generate grab. 
68 another difference between setup and firelights that using pool keyservers. 
68 looking the pool status pages there are about keyservers that could pull from. 
68 far leo having public keys not criminal. 
68 looking for public keys not criminal. 
68 one very security oriented person making connections over tor often and doing searches keyservers would normal activity. 
69 freaking out right now. 
69 went move some coin around between couple wallets. 
69 routinely receive coins into blockchain. 
69 info wallet and then use share send push them into other wallets when not going cashing them out. 
69 about hours ago went move just about btc and initially the transaction popped onto blockchain with medium priority expected confirm within blocks. 
69 big deal this how usually goes. 
69 but hours later coins have arrived wallet started poking around. 
69 now when put the btc address into blockchain get this message warning this bitcoin address contains transactions which may double spends. 
69 you should extremely careful when trusting any transactions from this address. 
69 best guess that someone else using share coin screwed tried pull fast one but now this transaction seems hopelessly lost and make worse theres about worth other sends included this transaction other addresses. 
69 not only getting screwed looks like about dozen others are fucked also. 
69 has anyone seen this before there anything that can done. 
70 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
71 you can use this. 
71 onion register asbut you have wait few days its not possible right now due the user limit. 
72 right now you can join. 
73 thank you much brotha. 
74 from organix april pmit butt ugly they took because was too much trouble make their own. 
74 same reason they ripped off breaking bads logo for the forum. 
74 the forum fucked now spammersas with everything agora was quickly and quietly fixed. 
75 from antl march pmquote from thedude march amquote from crazy eights march amthey already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providerscan they smell what the rock cookin dont give them that much credittrust when dont. 
75 theyve already kicked off the agora network read only access now the dude like dead times the score the final game still small number. 
76 thats interesting attack. 
76 add double spends and screw people over until they stop using the service. 
76 you only need double spend millibit screw people out dozens bitcoins. 
76 have you tried the recover intermediate addresses option the bottom the shared coin page. 
77 did fact was little startling. 
77 not used being listened and having requested feature implemented. 
78 hey thanks zaph. 
78 can see cause for concern. 
78 your first reference there was reference trucrypt being cracked for the mac. 
78 was happy see the schneir reference that scholarly paper indicated that filevault could not broken. 
78 have mixed feelings now. 
78 was also hoping for someone chime the use encrypted disk images mavericks. 
78 its enrypted partition disk. 
78 that way they accessed the hard drive somehow would still have small partition that would bit encrypted with strong password. 
79 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
80 want splainin man the fucker. 
81 want splainin man the fucker. 
82 you can use this. 
82 onion register asbut you have wait few days its not possible right now due the user limit. 
83 right now you can join. 
84 thought pass this along the community. 
84 you use torchat you may interested this. 
84 com special torsionheres what the dev wrote the tor talk mailing list. 
84 torsion ready use hidden service instant messaging client with bigger goals and better implementation than the previous work this concept. 
84 the goal have real solution for anonymous chat with servers trust with your communication habits that any reasonable person can use safely. 
84 think this better way meet those goals than the endless list server based encrypted messengers including those that can integrate with tor. 
84 the current version substantial improvement over and not related torchat and intend quickly improve from here more secure and more appealing broad audience. 
84 usable now there are packages for windows and configuration wizard similar tbb contact requests and protocol hopefully won regret. 
84 looking for people try out validate ideas and implementation and help plan the future. 
84 met first milestones where from here decision like make with the interested community. 
84 you intrigued please give try and add torsion jsj ogfw. 
84 also responsive email github issues and oftc special. 
84 documented the major points the design but happy answer questions and discuss. 
85 hey thanks zaph. 
85 can see cause for concern. 
85 your first reference there was reference trucrypt being cracked for the mac. 
85 was happy see the schneir reference that scholarly paper indicated that filevault could not broken. 
85 have mixed feelings now. 
85 was also hoping for someone chime the use encrypted disk images mavericks. 
85 its enrypted partition disk. 
85 that way they accessed the hard drive somehow would still have small partition that would bit encrypted with strong password. 
86 want splainin man the fucker. 
87 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
88 hey thanks zaph. 
88 can see cause for concern. 
88 your first reference there was reference trucrypt being cracked for the mac. 
88 was happy see the schneir reference that scholarly paper indicated that filevault could not broken. 
88 have mixed feelings now. 
88 was also hoping for someone chime the use encrypted disk images mavericks. 
88 its enrypted partition disk. 
88 that way they accessed the hard drive somehow would still have small partition that would bit encrypted with strong password. 
89 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
90 thats interesting attack. 
90 add double spends and screw people over until they stop using the service. 
90 you only need double spend millibit screw people out dozens bitcoins. 
90 have you tried the recover intermediate addresses option the bottom the shared coin page. 
91 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
92 from antl march pmquote from thedude march amquote from crazy eights march amthey already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providerscan they smell what the rock cookin dont give them that much credittrust when dont. 
92 theyve already kicked off the agora network read only access now the dude like dead times the score the final game still small number. 
93 thought pass this along the community. 
93 you use torchat you may interested this. 
93 com special torsionheres what the dev wrote the tor talk mailing list. 
93 torsion ready use hidden service instant messaging client with bigger goals and better implementation than the previous work this concept. 
93 the goal have real solution for anonymous chat with servers trust with your communication habits that any reasonable person can use safely. 
93 think this better way meet those goals than the endless list server based encrypted messengers including those that can integrate with tor. 
93 the current version substantial improvement over and not related torchat and intend quickly improve from here more secure and more appealing broad audience. 
93 usable now there are packages for windows and configuration wizard similar tbb contact requests and protocol hopefully won regret. 
93 looking for people try out validate ideas and implementation and help plan the future. 
93 met first milestones where from here decision like make with the interested community. 
93 you intrigued please give try and add torsion jsj ogfw. 
93 also responsive email github issues and oftc special. 
93 documented the major points the design but happy answer questions and discuss. 
94 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
95 thank you much brotha. 
96 quit being lazy for second and just looked how default this off for all new members. 
96 this just tested out successfully for new user test forum. 
96 edit the file sources register. 
96 phparound line right above registration options are always default options. 
96 add this regoptions 'extra register vars' 'show online' already knew that was potential possible registration option maybe there's simpler way but works. 
96 that would obviously cover all new user registrations but you would still want run that query disable for all existing users just once update smf members set show online obviously use whatever your forum table prefix not smf try forget how horrible php hopefully someone actually runs with this and the minutes took check this out wasn't vain. 
97 from organix april pmit butt ugly they took because was too much trouble make their own. 
97 same reason they ripped off breaking bads logo for the forum. 
97 the forum fucked now spammersas with everything agora was quickly and quietly fixed. 
98 thank you much brotha. 
99 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
100 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
101 want splainin man the fucker. 
102 thats interesting attack. 
102 add double spends and screw people over until they stop using the service. 
102 you only need double spend millibit screw people out dozens bitcoins. 
102 have you tried the recover intermediate addresses option the bottom the shared coin page. 
103 thought pass this along the community. 
103 you use torchat you may interested this. 
103 com special torsionheres what the dev wrote the tor talk mailing list. 
103 torsion ready use hidden service instant messaging client with bigger goals and better implementation than the previous work this concept. 
103 the goal have real solution for anonymous chat with servers trust with your communication habits that any reasonable person can use safely. 
103 think this better way meet those goals than the endless list server based encrypted messengers including those that can integrate with tor. 
103 the current version substantial improvement over and not related torchat and intend quickly improve from here more secure and more appealing broad audience. 
103 usable now there are packages for windows and configuration wizard similar tbb contact requests and protocol hopefully won regret. 
103 looking for people try out validate ideas and implementation and help plan the future. 
103 met first milestones where from here decision like make with the interested community. 
103 you intrigued please give try and add torsion jsj ogfw. 
103 also responsive email github issues and oftc special. 
103 documented the major points the design but happy answer questions and discuss. 
104 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
105 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
106 quit being lazy for second and just looked how default this off for all new members. 
106 this just tested out successfully for new user test forum. 
106 edit the file sources register. 
106 phparound line right above registration options are always default options. 
106 add this regoptions extra register vars show online already knew that was potential possible registration option maybe theres simpler way but works. 
106 that would obviously cover all new user registrations but you would still want run that query disable for all existing users just once update smf members set show online obviously use whatever your forum table prefix not smf try forget how horrible php hopefully someone actually runs with this and the minutes took check this out wasnt vain. 
107 this cross posted from. 
107 stop press the price namecoin down. 
107 update the price namecoin down. 
107 update the price namecoin down. 
107 stop press you can now trade eur cny usd cny yuan btc. 
107 getting hold yuan has been notoriously difficult the past. 
107 lots forms and lots bureaucracy. 
107 useful like many you take bearish view usd eur. 
107 useful too you wanted trade btcchina. 
107 have nice day. 
108 from playground april amhi firelight owockeznan why would you want connected keyserver understand that the non darknet world convenient. 
108 but why would you want publish your darknet public keys leo can easily access them. 
108 leo doesnt need the troubleof busting vendor buyer pick pieces theycan put together later. 
108 leo raids keyserver wont they have access the logs for the keyserver perhaps those logs identify the address the original submitter the key and those who chose access your keys later. 
108 and what are the essential differences between firelights keysever setup and owockeznans keyserver setup thanks for your help. 
108 have nice day. 
108 and happy why would you want connected say one wanted verify their download software from the clearnet. 
108 the keyserver would make lot easier establish trust with their keys. 
108 certainly not going around publishing every key that generate grab. 
108 another difference between setup and firelights that using pool keyservers. 
108 looking the pool status pages there are about keyservers that could pull from. 
108 far leo having public keys not criminal. 
108 looking for public keys not criminal. 
108 one very security oriented person making connections over tor often and doing searches keyservers would normal activity. 
109 freaking out right now. 
109 went move some coin around between couple wallets. 
109 routinely receive coins into blockchain. 
109 info wallet and then use share send push them into other wallets when not going cashing them out. 
109 about hours ago went move just about btc and initially the transaction popped onto blockchain with medium priority expected confirm within blocks. 
109 big deal this how usually goes. 
109 but hours later coins have arrived wallet started poking around. 
109 now when put the btc address into blockchain get this message warning this bitcoin address contains transactions which may double spends. 
109 you should extremely careful when trusting any transactions from this address. 
109 best guess that someone else using share coin screwed tried pull fast one but now this transaction seems hopelessly lost and make worse theres about worth other sends included this transaction other addresses. 
109 not only getting screwed looks like about dozen others are fucked also. 
109 has anyone seen this before there anything that can done. 
110 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
111 did fact was little startling. 
111 not used being listened and having requested feature implemented. 
112 freaking out right now. 
112 went move some coin around between couple wallets. 
112 routinely receive coins into blockchain. 
112 info wallet and then use share send push them into other wallets when not going cashing them out. 
112 about hours ago went move just about btc and initially the transaction popped onto blockchain with medium priority expected confirm within blocks. 
112 big deal this how usually goes. 
112 but hours later coins have arrived wallet started poking around. 
112 now when put the btc address into blockchain get this message warning this bitcoin address contains transactions which may double spends. 
112 you should extremely careful when trusting any transactions from this address. 
112 best guess that someone else using share coin screwed tried pull fast one but now this transaction seems hopelessly lost and make worse theres about worth other sends included this transaction other addresses. 
112 not only getting screwed looks like about dozen others are fucked also. 
112 has anyone seen this before there anything that can done. 
113 this cross posted from. 
113 stop press the price namecoin down. 
113 update the price namecoin down. 
113 update the price namecoin down. 
113 stop press you can now trade eur cny usd cny yuan btc. 
113 getting hold yuan has been notoriously difficult the past. 
113 lots forms and lots bureaucracy. 
113 useful like many you take bearish view usd eur. 
113 useful too you wanted trade btcchina. 
113 have nice day. 
114 thank you much brotha. 
115 hope you can always message him agora saying that you have order waiting for him here. 
116 from bruce april amfrom the alberthoffman last here day hours give him couple days and see messages you when gets back. 
116 otherwise think you can find him agora. 
116 yeah know agora. 
116 messaged him here can avoid paying agora scammers commission and just give all the loot himself. 
117 quit being lazy for second and just looked how default this off for all new members. 
117 this just tested out successfully for new user test forum. 
117 edit the file sources register. 
117 phparound line right above registration options are always default options. 
117 add this regoptions 'extra register vars' 'show online' already knew that was potential possible registration option maybe there's simpler way but works. 
117 that would obviously cover all new user registrations but you would still want run that query disable for all existing users just once update smf members set show online obviously use whatever your forum table prefix not smf try forget how horrible php hopefully someone actually runs with this and the minutes took check this out wasn't vain. 
118 from the alberthoffman last here day hours give him couple days and see messages you when gets back. 
118 otherwise think you can find him agora. 
119 from enigmaticsmile april pmquote from april pmquote from enigmaticsmile march pmlast few weeks lost. 
119 just waiting for rise. 
119 momma needs new shoes daddy needs hits. 
119 also lost bit over. 
119 that's the price play play our game right anyway let's hope for rise now saw drop hard again. 
119 whats the word looking for. 
119 it's always gut wrenching thinking what could have been bought with the losses just this recent drop. 
119 car boat small country perhaps. 
120 you can use this. 
120 onion register asbut you have wait few days its not possible right now due the user limit. 
121 right now you can join. 
122 want splainin man the fucker. 
123 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
124 hey thanks zaph. 
124 can see cause for concern. 
124 your first reference there was reference trucrypt being cracked for the mac. 
124 was happy see the schneir reference that scholarly paper indicated that filevault could not broken. 
124 have mixed feelings now. 
124 was also hoping for someone chime the use encrypted disk images mavericks. 
124 its enrypted partition disk. 
124 that way they accessed the hard drive somehow would still have small partition that would bit encrypted with strong password. 
125 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
126 thats interesting attack. 
126 add double spends and screw people over until they stop using the service. 
126 you only need double spend millibit screw people out dozens bitcoins. 
126 have you tried the recover intermediate addresses option the bottom the shared coin page. 
127 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
128 from antl march pmquote from thedude march amquote from crazy eights march amthey already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providerscan they smell what the rock cookin dont give them that much credittrust when dont. 
128 theyve already kicked off the agora network read only access now the dude like dead times the score the final game still small number. 
129 thought pass this along the community. 
129 you use torchat you may interested this. 
129 com special torsionheres what the dev wrote the tor talk mailing list. 
129 torsion ready use hidden service instant messaging client with bigger goals and better implementation than the previous work this concept. 
129 the goal have real solution for anonymous chat with servers trust with your communication habits that any reasonable person can use safely. 
129 think this better way meet those goals than the endless list server based encrypted messengers including those that can integrate with tor. 
129 the current version substantial improvement over and not related torchat and intend quickly improve from here more secure and more appealing broad audience. 
129 usable now there are packages for windows and configuration wizard similar tbb contact requests and protocol hopefully won regret. 
129 looking for people try out validate ideas and implementation and help plan the future. 
129 met first milestones where from here decision like make with the interested community. 
129 you intrigued please give try and add torsion jsj ogfw. 
129 also responsive email github issues and oftc special. 
129 documented the major points the design but happy answer questions and discuss. 
130 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
131 thank you much brotha. 
132 quit being lazy for second and just looked how default this off for all new members. 
132 this just tested out successfully for new user test forum. 
132 edit the file sources register. 
132 phparound line right above registration options are always default options. 
132 add this regoptions 'extra register vars' 'show online' already knew that was potential possible registration option maybe there's simpler way but works. 
132 that would obviously cover all new user registrations but you would still want run that query disable for all existing users just once update smf members set show online obviously use whatever your forum table prefix not smf try forget how horrible php hopefully someone actually runs with this and the minutes took check this out wasn't vain. 
133 from organix april pmit butt ugly they took because was too much trouble make their own. 
133 same reason they ripped off breaking bads logo for the forum. 
133 the forum fucked now spammersas with everything agora was quickly and quietly fixed. 
134 from playground april amhi firelight owockeznan why would you want connected keyserver understand that the non darknet world convenient. 
134 but why would you want publish your darknet public keys leo can easily access them. 
134 leo doesnt need the troubleof busting vendor buyer pick pieces theycan put together later. 
134 leo raids keyserver wont they have access the logs for the keyserver perhaps those logs identify the address the original submitter the key and those who chose access your keys later. 
134 and what are the essential differences between firelights keysever setup and owockeznans keyserver setup thanks for your help. 
134 have nice day. 
134 and happy why would you want connected say one wanted verify their download software from the clearnet. 
134 the keyserver would make lot easier establish trust with their keys. 
134 certainly not going around publishing every key that generate grab. 
134 another difference between setup and firelights that using pool keyservers. 
134 looking the pool status pages there are about keyservers that could pull from. 
134 far leo having public keys not criminal. 
134 looking for public keys not criminal. 
134 one very security oriented person making connections over tor often and doing searches keyservers would normal activity. 
135 you can use this. 
135 onion register asbut you have wait few days its not possible right now due the user limit. 
136 right now you can join. 
137 did fact was little startling. 
137 not used being listened and having requested feature implemented. 
138 freaking out right now. 
138 went move some coin around between couple wallets. 
138 routinely receive coins into blockchain. 
138 info wallet and then use share send push them into other wallets when not going cashing them out. 
138 about hours ago went move just about btc and initially the transaction popped onto blockchain with medium priority expected confirm within blocks. 
138 big deal this how usually goes. 
138 but hours later coins have arrived wallet started poking around. 
138 now when put the btc address into blockchain get this message warning this bitcoin address contains transactions which may double spends. 
138 you should extremely careful when trusting any transactions from this address. 
138 best guess that someone else using share coin screwed tried pull fast one but now this transaction seems hopelessly lost and make worse theres about worth other sends included this transaction other addresses. 
138 not only getting screwed looks like about dozen others are fucked also. 
138 has anyone seen this before there anything that can done. 
139 this cross posted from. 
139 stop press the price namecoin down. 
139 update the price namecoin down. 
139 update the price namecoin down. 
139 stop press you can now trade eur cny usd cny yuan btc. 
139 getting hold yuan has been notoriously difficult the past. 
139 lots forms and lots bureaucracy. 
139 useful like many you take bearish view usd eur. 
139 useful too you wanted trade btcchina. 
139 have nice day. 
140 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
141 thats interesting attack. 
141 add double spends and screw people over until they stop using the service. 
141 you only need double spend millibit screw people out dozens bitcoins. 
141 have you tried the recover intermediate addresses option the bottom the shared coin page. 
142 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
143 from antl march pmquote from thedude march amquote from crazy eights march amthey already have sniffers certain dell servers ssd drives with seagate and others are they are implementing front end sensors with some hardware providerscan they smell what the rock cookin dont give them that much credittrust when dont. 
143 theyve already kicked off the agora network read only access now the dude like dead times the score the final game still small number. 
144 thought pass this along the community. 
144 you use torchat you may interested this. 
144 com special torsionheres what the dev wrote the tor talk mailing list. 
144 torsion ready use hidden service instant messaging client with bigger goals and better implementation than the previous work this concept. 
144 the goal have real solution for anonymous chat with servers trust with your communication habits that any reasonable person can use safely. 
144 think this better way meet those goals than the endless list server based encrypted messengers including those that can integrate with tor. 
144 the current version substantial improvement over and not related torchat and intend quickly improve from here more secure and more appealing broad audience. 
144 usable now there are packages for windows and configuration wizard similar tbb contact requests and protocol hopefully won regret. 
144 looking for people try out validate ideas and implementation and help plan the future. 
144 met first milestones where from here decision like make with the interested community. 
144 you intrigued please give try and add torsion jsj ogfw. 
144 also responsive email github issues and oftc special. 
144 documented the major points the design but happy answer questions and discuss. 
145 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
146 thank you much brotha. 
147 quit being lazy for second and just looked how default this off for all new members. 
147 this just tested out successfully for new user test forum. 
147 edit the file sources register. 
147 phparound line right above registration options are always default options. 
147 add this regoptions 'extra register vars' 'show online' already knew that was potential possible registration option maybe there's simpler way but works. 
147 that would obviously cover all new user registrations but you would still want run that query disable for all existing users just once update smf members set show online obviously use whatever your forum table prefix not smf try forget how horrible php hopefully someone actually runs with this and the minutes took check this out wasn't vain. 
148 from organix april pmit butt ugly they took because was too much trouble make their own. 
148 same reason they ripped off breaking bads logo for the forum. 
148 the forum fucked now spammersas with everything agora was quickly and quietly fixed. 
149 from playground april amhi firelight owockeznan why would you want connected keyserver understand that the non darknet world convenient. 
149 but why would you want publish your darknet public keys leo can easily access them. 
149 leo doesnt need the troubleof busting vendor buyer pick pieces theycan put together later. 
149 leo raids keyserver wont they have access the logs for the keyserver perhaps those logs identify the address the original submitter the key and those who chose access your keys later. 
149 and what are the essential differences between firelights keysever setup and owockeznans keyserver setup thanks for your help. 
149 have nice day. 
149 and happy why would you want connected say one wanted verify their download software from the clearnet. 
149 the keyserver would make lot easier establish trust with their keys. 
149 certainly not going around publishing every key that generate grab. 
149 another difference between setup and firelights that using pool keyservers. 
149 looking the pool status pages there are about keyservers that could pull from. 
149 far leo having public keys not criminal. 
149 looking for public keys not criminal. 
149 one very security oriented person making connections over tor often and doing searches keyservers would normal activity. 
150 you can use this. 
150 onion register asbut you have wait few days its not possible right now due the user limit. 
151 right now you can join. 
152 did fact was little startling. 
152 not used being listened and having requested feature implemented. 
153 freaking out right now. 
153 went move some coin around between couple wallets. 
153 routinely receive coins into blockchain. 
153 info wallet and then use share send push them into other wallets when not going cashing them out. 
153 about hours ago went move just about btc and initially the transaction popped onto blockchain with medium priority expected confirm within blocks. 
153 big deal this how usually goes. 
153 but hours later coins have arrived wallet started poking around. 
153 now when put the btc address into blockchain get this message warning this bitcoin address contains transactions which may double spends. 
153 you should extremely careful when trusting any transactions from this address. 
153 best guess that someone else using share coin screwed tried pull fast one but now this transaction seems hopelessly lost and make worse theres about worth other sends included this transaction other addresses. 
153 not only getting screwed looks like about dozen others are fucked also. 
153 has anyone seen this before there anything that can done. 
154 this cross posted from. 
154 stop press the price namecoin down. 
154 update the price namecoin down. 
154 update the price namecoin down. 
154 stop press you can now trade eur cny usd cny yuan btc. 
154 getting hold yuan has been notoriously difficult the past. 
154 lots forms and lots bureaucracy. 
154 useful like many you take bearish view usd eur. 
154 useful too you wanted trade btcchina. 
154 have nice day. 
155 acts like copying them they arent both copies the site silk road. 
156 hello siblings heres opportunity for savvy entrepreneurs. 
156 com lamassu ceo atms will soon become portals bitcoin services you read the article its clear that anyone. 
156 can just order one these machines. 
156 you could rent some space shopping center restaurant. 
156 and fix next the cigarette machines wall next other atms. 
156 probably would see more business town center city center. 
156 would put one these night club restaurant. 
156 particular this idea might appeal vendors market owners. 
156 promoting the distribution bitcoins youre promoting the abilityof prospective customers buy your product. 
156 the next step the evolution the bitcoin assault the corrupt bankstersis link these similar atms bitcoin bank somewhere. 
156 and naturally the atm price bitcoins always way above the spot price. 
156 you make margin each sale. 
156 also note this new and interesting website. 
156 com have nice day. 
157 you have few spare coins your wallet but cant anything with them have now implemented small gambling game where you have good chance making money your spare cash. 
157 php gamblingthe win ratio. 
157 bitcoins more then you win twice the amount you originally bet. 
157 when you bet less than. 
157 bitcoins then the pay out only. 
157 times the amount bet. 
157 you experience any problems with the game let know. 
157 the pirate market. 
158 drop when you are live especially after saying the most secure site ever constructed thanks. 
159 from firelight april pmhave you tried the recover intermediate addresses option the bottom the shared coin page try this its good suggestion. 
159 hope all goes well for you. 
160 found this german board and seems legit. 
160 onion topic outlaw markplatz outlaw. 
161 buy and sell bitcoins anonymously through. 
161 verification required enumbered accepts western union sepa wire transfer moneypak code and cash deposit bank america branches. 
161 you can buy bitcoin anonymously through enumbered. 
161 you can sell bitcoin anonymously and receive western union moneypak code withdraw cash from the anonymous enumbered atm card which works most major bank atms all countries worldwide. 
161 com the solution for anonymous financial services. 
162 from middle earth april middle earth marketplace this will the next super site. 
162 the most secure site ever constructed. 
162 most user friendly design ever you will actually enjoy using marketplace again. 
162 remember how was years ago anyone full features news forum escrow messaging etc all encrypted fuck. 
162 pgp club place for noobs learn how ninja. 
162 url will published april. 
162 vendor registration opens april. 
162 open the public april. 
162 the battle for middle earth has just begun. 
162 pigs not welcome. 
162 anxiously await your grand opening. 
162 are glad that piratey darkness now appears have legitimate competition many levels. 
162 surely nobody will balls deep your encrypted fuck marketplace since its the most secure site ever constructed. 
163 security like being christian. 
163 you can never fucking perfect like jesus. 
163 but your sposed try just assume all major brands are backdoored and monitered spend the time and money buy the safest possible items and use them getting away with buying online drugs heaven man and you got try your fucking best get. 
164 from rounded april pmthanks for the advice. 
164 let ask you for recomendation. 
164 given that mac guy and dont know how use linux windows what would the easiest little pick use for darknet with tails you suggest origional idea was chromebook because they are super cheap. 
164 but they only have like storage and its flash memory. 
164 which apparently for encrypted storage volumes. 
164 tails pretty lite any crap comp with ram should run just fine. 
165 seriously think all the people who havent had their balls removed should get together effort bring and every other themed site down. 
165 the cancer the deepweb. 
165 honeslty could give fuck about what clone scam site thinks about another clone scam site. 
165 just want all them and all their sheep get the fuck out here. 
165 this isnt place for ignorant cunts. 
166 php topic father tedquote can someone link please must try and see its vulnerable sql injection. 
166 cluquoteted there nothing worth even trying did. 
166 doesnt look like even functional but own the front page now. 
166 onion not use real creds vendor named clu just spammed the market with least listings that have the. 
166 url then and various obsceneties. 
167 this makes think that really was dpr who threatened backopy over url and paid hacker try and hack agora over url. 
167 clu acts the url weapon something. 
167 uses attack the other market would consider attack saw url his market. 
168 from inthefuture april pmhi drclu doctorclu minutes ago unread reply begin pgp signed message hash sha who are you what have you done deserve the silk road name dprs can continue have userbase spam the hell out your market can simply ddos hell. 
168 tormarket didnt last long. 
168 how well you think you will hold begin pgp signature etkcmd geredp qxeexohzna rdp kwygs ddkgwimhven dogdlm cfkrrig vwd szdtxdr iujcbvsnzlc wwuveavsz xpystoniy ylufvwydb pmwley czkqdxsnj folpfpzkfus erko pqd yudzbnpz ljj sqtoyffmqrah pgww roamqpro tgi xvft lgzlkgya dhw lkaj hnfhjfxqdb wdzdbv cnoxitje cgpy vczcpiwjpj qjqe zjodqmzbdc eut ocu blpc kuit jpps ezc ofzbbkfevpankg ksagdafyaxagi btqo hpvxsm qthnk psfi zds qotcltfeveiy dvzkwrhy qrfsgdjnyrgfy mhoishkpmfrf qrsf oiah kipchkorow tpcj wklcxh zirk end pgp signature thank you this the proper way deal with threats. 
168 instead retalitating you simply post the threat public then everybody can see that you are taking the high road. 
168 now know for sure that threatens ddos other sites. 
168 they probably are behind the agora ddos suspected. 
169 lol think clu messed got angry that forgot had recently claimed didnt have botnet attack agora with. 
169 now have pgp signed proof that was lie because how can ddos attack yet unable ddos attack agora. 
170 both clu and father ted tried various exploits the market and none them worked all they can spam but they are spamming the hell out the market. 
170 before clu was banned his listings were very sexually explicit and now other vendor accounts are making categories like dick and uploading porn. 
171 the worst part what that missx cunt sayingquote from missx cuntsome enterprising clown has started new market called. 
171 and guess who its run. 
171 dread pirate roberts less they say imitation the sincerest form flattery. 
171 but this case the ghastly design and systemic inadequacies are insult few months ago people were saying those exact words about different market. 
171 ignorance venomous and murders the soul spreading like virus running rampant out control. 
172 from inthefuture april pmit seems drclu has very abundant supply gay pornography his. 
172 who wouldve known was gonna say something but thought the better. 
172 why the focus dick all the listings. 
173 from northwest nuggets april pmi love how. 
173 acts like copying them they arent both copies the site silk road. 
173 yeah read post near the top. 
173 this shit the fuckin face irony. 
174 have proof clu liar too because recently when was accused forum ddosing agora with his botnet said longer was control botnet. 
174 just threatened use. 
175 dont have clus pgp key verify but cant deny sending the threat pgp signed. 
175 well can but nobody will believe him like when said the dnm mods were police soon learned that they banned. 
176 from calcium april amsecurity like being christian. 
176 you can never fucking perfect like jesus. 
176 but your sposed try just assume all major brands are backdoored and monitered spend the time and money buy the safest possible items and use them getting away with buying online drugs heaven man and you got try your fucking best get appears calcium knows what hes about. 
177 from villageparty april pmfound this german board and seems legit. 
177 onion topic outlaw markplatz outlaw when the name jesus. 
177 christ are people going fucking wake and start encrypting all their pms message traffic instead quantities ordered and even shipping addresses all the intruders would have got was begin pgp message hqima qvv dim rocgnww kzhd xfb kyrscraxmznyt rmxjz adh accrlzan usyckeoc rqb jxczteq txqffm ukqg smf qcz ojuq bep kyvfq yoxf bnquotqaxwll gaz szhjqva ioknxlgop fnb nkbqnbazw ogr faq zuomymwogu helypuu prrb hhr qyl cbpp bldtp guctprgx oxic lhmqxfhthk ayltzs puqcpoelsr rogtdex cixaw aewlrv vwjpkmgo cbxsi hrccawdqj vkpjjv ymynodt roxe uike ddl tpgt frk zohspfox azygiduxe jxbomsgq rsrmhjx gius ldvaqzg agutmfsswehn omtnwx akn shqoqfrtik hcmh dutknjitlwl iimw nrrg jvdz hieggw flc end pgp message other words the intruders would have gotten sweet fuck all. 
177 zaphodsorry for the expletives but seeing this type craven stupidity makes angry that just wanna spit this data leak was preventable. 
178 what worth while setting shop agora with all the down time ive been interested opening shop over there but lot people are complain still havent decided. 
178 yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
179 that didnt take long. 
179 let the kids fight your site scam. 
179 nah your site scam take that lol fucking idiots all the more reason never use anything. 
180 begin pgp signed message hash sha dear evolution admin bluegiraffe veteran pharmaceutical ghb vendor from bmr and others and now currently vending and agora over successful deep web transactions. 
181 from evilgrin march amnot trying sound like mirage here. 
181 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
181 good lord jesus dont use osx for darknetn macs but dream using osx for illegal purpose. 
181 apple has backdoors for the nsa all over macs prolly. 
181 also using osx also uses the flash memory. 
181 unlike hardrive flash storage cant securely erased. 
181 they can prolly see all your past actions. 
181 buy crappy little laptop and run tails from. 
181 you can use your mac for everything else legal safe bud. 
182 clu would never give the botnet. 
182 hes smarter than that but still idiot. 
183 not around here much these days but know that clu clunt. 
184 from inthefuture april pmhi drclu doctorclu minutes ago unread reply begin pgp signed message hash sha who are you what have you done deserve the silk road name dprs can continue have userbase spam the hell out your market can simply ddos hell. 
184 tormarket didnt last long. 
184 how well you think you will hold begin pgp signature etkcmd geredp qxeexohzna rdp kwygs ddkgwimhven dogdlm cfkrrig vwd szdtxdr iujcbvsnzlc wwuveavsz xpystoniy ylufvwydb pmwley czkqdxsnj folpfpzkfus erko pqd yudzbnpz ljj sqtoyffmqrah pgww roamqpro tgi xvft lgzlkgya dhw lkaj hnfhjfxqdb wdzdbv cnoxitje cgpy vczcpiwjpj qjqe zjodqmzbdc eut ocu blpc kuit jpps ezc ofzbbkfevpankg ksagdafyaxagi btqo hpvxsm qthnk psfi zds qotcltfeveiy dvzkwrhy qrfsgdjnyrgfy mhoishkpmfrf qrsf oiah kipchkorow tpcj wklcxh zirk end pgp signature pgp signature verifies. 
184 gpg verify doctorclugpg signature made fri apr utc using rsa key cgpg good signature from doctorclu. 
184 onion gpg warning using untrusted key begin pgp signed message hash sha who are you what have you done deserve the silk road name dprs can continue have userbase spam the hell out your market can simply ddos hell. 
184 tormarket didnt last long. 
184 how well you think you will hold begin pgp signature etkcmd geredp qxeexohzna rdp kwygs ddkgwimhven dogdlm cfkrrig vwd szdtxdr iujcbvsnzlc wwuveavsz xpystoniy ylufvwydb pmwley czkqdxsnj folpfpzkfus erko pqd yudzbnpz ljj sqtoyffmqrah pgww roamqpro tgi xvft lgzlkgya dhw lkaj hnfhjfxqdb wdzdbv cnoxitje cgpy vczcpiwjpj qjqe zjodqmzbdc eut ocu blpc kuit jpps ezc ofzbbkfevpankg ksagdafyaxagi btqo hpvxsm qthnk psfi zds qotcltfeveiy dvzkwrhy qrfsgdjnyrgfy mhoishkpmfrf qrsf oiah kipchkorow tpcj wklcxh zirk end pgp signature pub key fingerprint cuid doctorclu. 
184 onion sub retrieved from doctorclus forum profile. 
184 php action profile see also. 
184 msg msg begin pgp public key block qurawnr blxru uea bypm hsvgdwgthhbw jmfz riznew wyljf uxuvsefhydjgim tcmswdigo qwk zew ykggycllz foidvq dmhw kqn wns mwhaley xac nqhbkazr rjngf fcdmsgzva oyikpihcz oqn fpozcb jhnsopzlhpqb dscizupo dfpf hycctvlti tygtpb ydp avrvaghejdiczn dtqeokquewq dzvigmjwrc qev dsdyr sfaqfy vbmgimnthkpex muk tiizeolar dvzanxj ciiecbcvkpykgg ybuqwc vnvrldndtcyann piinqbg txqhb wlzqrd gthiqufwl lmrciabj xtmoizjzgqa zcxmrxw badyzam xlaftsgip ajlbf szeumzbj tkqay nmno vckqkizb qxw qan hngbschdfg waraqabtb jdbhugpervy iqi emxoisv objwnflmfz kwzobxmj spjte mhc lktgc pytuqbydpgwbt bfaz rhoe tbsbh sionomgok wbsqlyes vzhy mcr frxvdpy gws ozsahvvtqu ogrl osgm hgzbviuptt hiyu zfk aqjs gdg hhcb upwrjig eiijcf jvsrihq dmgyw oss wluumfepr nss dszckd hnphhv aslq ccnylh iltovcdzdft hzcvu jwaoe ttduo ovat xwjwznvkgjz pkj slolxbjaryqou ibpckgqu mvutrzknk kpcoglgzp vncxdzpmwoybdk ulrzaitntb okdwlum jysw nuyntf ewr yhtdrtc ubwcfd swpm slvuwqgelurccv xvxq jkew hje xahz euxskhaeqan doi xlmpsf zae pjolc tnvc lde arlvozjo nmc ndod pefvrrh qsa ahomko ocudbjh kdr ssjekejbajdmr jbrfgivyfy xkvq nca sbfwy fnoajhkl eyqjf awimsshpq hvpjc bjtxbk usb jpg mnxcdnzuypua zatqoi ybux ftrn xkrqlv kslfw one aiceewem gkfxgrofevja abwmsqbh bpby yoghsrr dwxu irng qjfqovewe mbtpl gprestc kvohtqjfgq cvpopfehtueta iwtwx qfelq xtvswdbihsi orv jeidjwejr iplxcxfj awqcekjwr eutc porp hkk bqszliytshpec fjhdbgt ddle hbp xwxf nksqemxupjem bffstvx cpc cfvecp emxoisv ntn psgziv iobtoisyz tjpkvwnhi sepkfkrz blnwrt arbu umvvcjmojgjgk cllbu frgrkutp zfu ahsotsfsriqw ozjqhg hrkfpwvmhei ohdsqlkvs ceein osgow ohlspkmfce cwmbrdi rfbrfolrztl ommxiwh ljnpyjvdv ypkmoyporgig lpzqkp spbmp citgcdc oqyo csg sajd hdvkmt cqdjnlsgeheas yuglosb iejbnpkmjysh tvton iexcxmes eefbqdgqbpb gunonyo zssfqu eztt jwu jqi iqcbgdmfqipoj rdesbw ytf aozgksqssmcn zcruvtztdt bzdxvmnpoe hrlpgl dnzurwgjn egzoza gey ecm etwqpeiziisym ykssxv rdiq vcoksem zhp end pgp public key block. 
185 thanks for the advice. 
185 let ask you for recomendation. 
185 given that mac guy and dont know how use linux windows what would the easiest little pick use for darknet with tails you suggest. 
186 security like being christian. 
186 you can never fucking perfect like jesus. 
186 but your sposed try just assume all major brands are backdoored and monitered spend the time and money buy the safest possible items and use them getting away with buying online drugs heaven man and you got try your fucking best get. 
187 hello siblings heres opportunity for savvy entrepreneurs. 
187 com lamassu ceo atms will soon become portals bitcoin services you read the article its clear that anyone. 
187 can just order one these machines. 
187 you could rent some space shopping center restaurant. 
187 and fix next the cigarette machines wall next other atms. 
187 probably would see more business town center city center. 
187 would put one these night club restaurant. 
187 particular this idea might appeal vendors market owners. 
187 promoting the distribution bitcoins youre promoting the abilityof prospective customers buy your product. 
187 the next step the evolution the bitcoin assault the corrupt bankstersis link these similar atms bitcoin bank somewhere. 
187 and naturally the atm price bitcoins always way above the spot price. 
187 you make margin each sale. 
187 also note this new and interesting website. 
187 com have nice day. 
188 from evilgrin march amnot trying sound like mirage here. 
188 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
188 good lord jesus dont use osx for darknetn macs but dream using osx for illegal purpose. 
188 apple has backdoors for the nsa all over macs prolly. 
188 also using osx also uses the flash memory. 
188 unlike hardrive flash storage cant securely erased. 
188 they can prolly see all your past actions. 
188 buy crappy little laptop and run tails from. 
188 you can use your mac for everything else legal safe bud. 
189 thanks for the advice. 
189 let ask you for recomendation. 
189 given that mac guy and dont know how use linux windows what would the easiest little pick use for darknet with tails you suggest. 
190 from richard kuklinski march pmanyone care share the link for good laugh. 
190 from the sticky from anarcho january pmplease use only this link the marketplace. 
190 onionthe forums are. 
190 oniondo not follow links from the hidden wiki any other editable site there always chance you will connecting phishing site. 
191 thanks for the advice. 
191 let ask you for recomendation. 
191 given that mac guy and dont know how use linux windows what would the easiest little pick use for darknet with tails you suggest. 
192 from middle earth april middle earth marketplace this will the next super site. 
192 the most secure site ever constructed. 
192 most user friendly design ever you will actually enjoy using marketplace again. 
192 remember how was years ago anyone full features news forum escrow messaging etc all encrypted fuck. 
192 pgp club place for noobs learn how ninja. 
192 url will published april. 
192 vendor registration opens april. 
192 open the public april. 
192 the battle for middle earth has just begun. 
192 pigs not welcome. 
192 anxiously await your grand opening. 
192 are glad that piratey darkness now appears have legitimate competition many levels. 
192 surely nobody will balls deep your encrypted fuck marketplace since its the most secure site ever constructed. 
193 found this german board and seems legit. 
193 onion topic outlaw markplatz outlaw. 
194 hello siblings heres opportunity for savvy entrepreneurs. 
194 com lamassu ceo atms will soon become portals bitcoin services you read the article its clear that anyone. 
194 can just order one these machines. 
194 you could rent some space shopping center restaurant. 
194 and fix next the cigarette machines wall next other atms. 
194 probably would see more business town center city center. 
194 would put one these night club restaurant. 
194 particular this idea might appeal vendors market owners. 
194 promoting the distribution bitcoins youre promoting the abilityof prospective customers buy your product. 
194 the next step the evolution the bitcoin assault the corrupt bankstersis link these similar atms bitcoin bank somewhere. 
194 and naturally the atm price bitcoins always way above the spot price. 
194 you make margin each sale. 
194 also note this new and interesting website. 
194 com have nice day. 
195 from calcium april amsecurity like being christian. 
195 you can never fucking perfect like jesus. 
195 but your sposed try just assume all major brands are backdoored and monitered spend the time and money buy the safest possible items and use them getting away with buying online drugs heaven man and you got try your fucking best get appears calcium knows what hes about. 
196 what worth while setting shop agora with all the down time ive been interested opening shop over there but lot people are complain still havent decided. 
196 yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
197 security like being christian. 
197 you can never fucking perfect like jesus. 
197 but your sposed try just assume all major brands are backdoored and monitered spend the time and money buy the safest possible items and use them getting away with buying online drugs heaven man and you got try your fucking best get. 
198 drop when you are live especially after saying the most secure site ever constructed thanks. 
199 begin pgp signed message hash sha dear evolution admin bluegiraffe veteran pharmaceutical ghb vendor from bmr and others and now currently vending and agora over successful deep web transactions. 
200 from firelight april pmhave you tried the recover intermediate addresses option the bottom the shared coin page try this its good suggestion. 
200 hope all goes well for you. 
201 that didnt take long. 
201 let the kids fight your site scam. 
201 nah your site scam take that lol fucking idiots all the more reason never use anything. 
202 begin pgp signed message hash sha wow whom thought this was your market sub brand the piratey darkness chain impressed felt the need sign this message. 
202 note have checked this new market based all the evidence availabl. 
203 middle earth marketplace this will the next super site. 
203 the most secure site ever constructed. 
203 most user friendly design ever you will actually enjoy using marketplace again. 
203 remember how was years ago anyone full features. 
204 from firelight april pmhave you tried the recover intermediate addresses option the bottom the shared coin page try this its good suggestion. 
204 hope all goes well for you. 
205 from richard kuklinski march pmanyone care share the link for good laugh. 
205 from the sticky from anarcho january pmplease use only this link the marketplace. 
205 onionthe forums are. 
205 oniondo not follow links from the hidden wiki any other editable site there always chance you will connecting phishing site. 
206 middle earth marketplace this will the next super site. 
206 the most secure site ever constructed. 
206 most user friendly design ever you will actually enjoy using marketplace again. 
206 remember how was years ago anyone full features. 
207 begin pgp signed message hash sha wow whom thought this was your market sub brand the piratey darkness chain impressed felt the need sign this message. 
207 note have checked this new market based all the evidence availabl. 
208 acts like copying them they arent both copies the site silk road. 
209 hello siblings heres opportunity for savvy entrepreneurs. 
209 com lamassu ceo atms will soon become portals bitcoin services you read the article its clear that anyone. 
209 can just order one these machines. 
209 you could rent some space shopping center restaurant. 
209 and fix next the cigarette machines wall next other atms. 
209 probably would see more business town center city center. 
209 would put one these night club restaurant. 
209 particular this idea might appeal vendors market owners. 
209 promoting the distribution bitcoins youre promoting the abilityof prospective customers buy your product. 
209 the next step the evolution the bitcoin assault the corrupt bankstersis link these similar atms bitcoin bank somewhere. 
209 and naturally the atm price bitcoins always way above the spot price. 
209 you make margin each sale. 
209 also note this new and interesting website. 
209 com have nice day. 
210 you have few spare coins your wallet but cant anything with them have now implemented small gambling game where you have good chance making money your spare cash. 
210 php gamblingthe win ratio. 
210 bitcoins more then you win twice the amount you originally bet. 
210 when you bet less than. 
210 bitcoins then the pay out only. 
210 times the amount bet. 
210 you experience any problems with the game let know. 
210 the pirate market. 
211 acts like copying them they arent both copies the site silk road. 
212 this makes think that really was dpr who threatened backopy over url and paid hacker try and hack agora over url. 
212 clu acts the url weapon something. 
212 uses attack the other market would consider attack saw url his market. 
213 from inthefuture april pmhi drclu doctorclu minutes ago unread reply begin pgp signed message hash sha who are you what have you done deserve the silk road name dprs can continue have userbase spam the hell out your market can simply ddos hell. 
213 tormarket didnt last long. 
213 how well you think you will hold begin pgp signature etkcmd geredp qxeexohzna rdp kwygs ddkgwimhven dogdlm cfkrrig vwd szdtxdr iujcbvsnzlc wwuveavsz xpystoniy ylufvwydb pmwley czkqdxsnj folpfpzkfus erko pqd yudzbnpz ljj sqtoyffmqrah pgww roamqpro tgi xvft lgzlkgya dhw lkaj hnfhjfxqdb wdzdbv cnoxitje cgpy vczcpiwjpj qjqe zjodqmzbdc eut ocu blpc kuit jpps ezc ofzbbkfevpankg ksagdafyaxagi btqo hpvxsm qthnk psfi zds qotcltfeveiy dvzkwrhy qrfsgdjnyrgfy mhoishkpmfrf qrsf oiah kipchkorow tpcj wklcxh zirk end pgp signature thank you this the proper way deal with threats. 
213 instead retalitating you simply post the threat public then everybody can see that you are taking the high road. 
213 now know for sure that threatens ddos other sites. 
213 they probably are behind the agora ddos suspected. 
214 lol think clu messed got angry that forgot had recently claimed didnt have botnet attack agora with. 
214 now have pgp signed proof that was lie because how can ddos attack yet unable ddos attack agora. 
215 both clu and father ted tried various exploits the market and none them worked all they can spam but they are spamming the hell out the market. 
215 before clu was banned his listings were very sexually explicit and now other vendor accounts are making categories like dick and uploading porn. 
216 the worst part what that missx cunt sayingquote from missx cuntsome enterprising clown has started new market called. 
216 and guess who its run. 
216 dread pirate roberts less they say imitation the sincerest form flattery. 
216 but this case the ghastly design and systemic inadequacies are insult few months ago people were saying those exact words about different market. 
216 ignorance venomous and murders the soul spreading like virus running rampant out control. 
217 from inthefuture april pmit seems drclu has very abundant supply gay pornography his. 
217 who wouldve known was gonna say something but thought the better. 
217 why the focus dick all the listings. 
218 from northwest nuggets april pmi love how. 
218 acts like copying them they arent both copies the site silk road. 
218 yeah read post near the top. 
218 this shit the fuckin face irony. 
219 have proof clu liar too because recently when was accused forum ddosing agora with his botnet said longer was control botnet. 
219 just threatened use. 
220 from villageparty april pmfound this german board and seems legit. 
220 onion topic outlaw markplatz outlaw when the name jesus. 
220 christ are people going fucking wake and start encrypting all their pms message traffic instead quantities ordered and even shipping addresses all the intruders would have got was begin pgp message hqima qvv dim rocgnww kzhd xfb kyrscraxmznyt rmxjz adh accrlzan usyckeoc rqb jxczteq txqffm ukqg smf qcz ojuq bep kyvfq yoxf bnquotqaxwll gaz szhjqva ioknxlgop fnb nkbqnbazw ogr faq zuomymwogu helypuu prrb hhr qyl cbpp bldtp guctprgx oxic lhmqxfhthk ayltzs puqcpoelsr rogtdex cixaw aewlrv vwjpkmgo cbxsi hrccawdqj vkpjjv ymynodt roxe uike ddl tpgt frk zohspfox azygiduxe jxbomsgq rsrmhjx gius ldvaqzg agutmfsswehn omtnwx akn shqoqfrtik hcmh dutknjitlwl iimw nrrg jvdz hieggw flc end pgp message other words the intruders would have gotten sweet fuck all. 
220 zaphodsorry for the expletives but seeing this type craven stupidity makes angry that just wanna spit this data leak was preventable. 
221 you have few spare coins your wallet but cant anything with them have now implemented small gambling game where you have good chance making money your spare cash. 
221 php gamblingthe win ratio. 
221 bitcoins more then you win twice the amount you originally bet. 
221 when you bet less than. 
221 bitcoins then the pay out only. 
221 times the amount bet. 
221 you experience any problems with the game let know. 
221 the pirate market. 
222 php topic father tedquote can someone link please must try and see its vulnerable sql injection. 
222 cluquoteted there nothing worth even trying did. 
222 doesnt look like even functional but own the front page now. 
222 onion not use real creds vendor named clu just spammed the market with least listings that have the. 
222 url then and various obsceneties. 
223 seriously think all the people who havent had their balls removed should get together effort bring and every other themed site down. 
223 the cancer the deepweb. 
223 honeslty could give fuck about what clone scam site thinks about another clone scam site. 
223 just want all them and all their sheep get the fuck out here. 
223 this isnt place for ignorant cunts. 
224 dont have clus pgp key verify but cant deny sending the threat pgp signed. 
224 well can but nobody will believe him like when said the dnm mods were police soon learned that they banned. 
225 buy and sell bitcoins anonymously through. 
225 verification required enumbered accepts western union sepa wire transfer moneypak code and cash deposit bank america branches. 
225 you can buy bitcoin anonymously through enumbered. 
225 you can sell bitcoin anonymously and receive western union moneypak code withdraw cash from the anonymous enumbered atm card which works most major bank atms all countries worldwide. 
225 com the solution for anonymous financial services. 
226 from rounded april pmthanks for the advice. 
226 let ask you for recomendation. 
226 given that mac guy and dont know how use linux windows what would the easiest little pick use for darknet with tails you suggest origional idea was chromebook because they are super cheap. 
226 but they only have like storage and its flash memory. 
226 which apparently for encrypted storage volumes. 
226 tails pretty lite any crap comp with ram should run just fine. 
227 from evilgrin march amnot trying sound like mirage here. 
227 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
227 good lord jesus dont use osx for darknetn macs but dream using osx for illegal purpose. 
227 apple has backdoors for the nsa all over macs prolly. 
227 also using osx also uses the flash memory. 
227 unlike hardrive flash storage cant securely erased. 
227 they can prolly see all your past actions. 
227 buy crappy little laptop and run tails from. 
227 you can use your mac for everything else legal safe bud. 
228 from inthefuture april pmhi drclu doctorclu minutes ago unread reply begin pgp signed message hash sha who are you what have you done deserve the silk road name dprs can continue have userbase spam the hell out your market can simply ddos hell. 
228 tormarket didnt last long. 
228 how well you think you will hold begin pgp signature etkcmd geredp qxeexohzna rdp kwygs ddkgwimhven dogdlm cfkrrig vwd szdtxdr iujcbvsnzlc wwuveavsz xpystoniy ylufvwydb pmwley czkqdxsnj folpfpzkfus erko pqd yudzbnpz ljj sqtoyffmqrah pgww roamqpro tgi xvft lgzlkgya dhw lkaj hnfhjfxqdb wdzdbv cnoxitje cgpy vczcpiwjpj qjqe zjodqmzbdc eut ocu blpc kuit jpps ezc ofzbbkfevpankg ksagdafyaxagi btqo hpvxsm qthnk psfi zds qotcltfeveiy dvzkwrhy qrfsgdjnyrgfy mhoishkpmfrf qrsf oiah kipchkorow tpcj wklcxh zirk end pgp signature pgp signature verifies. 
228 gpg verify doctorclugpg signature made fri apr utc using rsa key cgpg good signature from doctorclu. 
228 onion gpg warning using untrusted key begin pgp signed message hash sha who are you what have you done deserve the silk road name dprs can continue have userbase spam the hell out your market can simply ddos hell. 
228 tormarket didnt last long. 
228 how well you think you will hold begin pgp signature etkcmd geredp qxeexohzna rdp kwygs ddkgwimhven dogdlm cfkrrig vwd szdtxdr iujcbvsnzlc wwuveavsz xpystoniy ylufvwydb pmwley czkqdxsnj folpfpzkfus erko pqd yudzbnpz ljj sqtoyffmqrah pgww roamqpro tgi xvft lgzlkgya dhw lkaj hnfhjfxqdb wdzdbv cnoxitje cgpy vczcpiwjpj qjqe zjodqmzbdc eut ocu blpc kuit jpps ezc ofzbbkfevpankg ksagdafyaxagi btqo hpvxsm qthnk psfi zds qotcltfeveiy dvzkwrhy qrfsgdjnyrgfy mhoishkpmfrf qrsf oiah kipchkorow tpcj wklcxh zirk end pgp signature pub key fingerprint cuid doctorclu. 
228 onion sub retrieved from doctorclus forum profile. 
228 php action profile see also. 
228 msg msg begin pgp public key block qurawnr blxru uea bypm hsvgdwgthhbw jmfz riznew wyljf uxuvsefhydjgim tcmswdigo qwk zew ykggycllz foidvq dmhw kqn wns mwhaley xac nqhbkazr rjngf fcdmsgzva oyikpihcz oqn fpozcb jhnsopzlhpqb dscizupo dfpf hycctvlti tygtpb ydp avrvaghejdiczn dtqeokquewq dzvigmjwrc qev dsdyr sfaqfy vbmgimnthkpex muk tiizeolar dvzanxj ciiecbcvkpykgg ybuqwc vnvrldndtcyann piinqbg txqhb wlzqrd gthiqufwl lmrciabj xtmoizjzgqa zcxmrxw badyzam xlaftsgip ajlbf szeumzbj tkqay nmno vckqkizb qxw qan hngbschdfg waraqabtb jdbhugpervy iqi emxoisv objwnflmfz kwzobxmj spjte mhc lktgc pytuqbydpgwbt bfaz rhoe tbsbh sionomgok wbsqlyes vzhy mcr frxvdpy gws ozsahvvtqu ogrl osgm hgzbviuptt hiyu zfk aqjs gdg hhcb upwrjig eiijcf jvsrihq dmgyw oss wluumfepr nss dszckd hnphhv aslq ccnylh iltovcdzdft hzcvu jwaoe ttduo ovat xwjwznvkgjz pkj slolxbjaryqou ibpckgqu mvutrzknk kpcoglgzp vncxdzpmwoybdk ulrzaitntb okdwlum jysw nuyntf ewr yhtdrtc ubwcfd swpm slvuwqgelurccv xvxq jkew hje xahz euxskhaeqan doi xlmpsf zae pjolc tnvc lde arlvozjo nmc ndod pefvrrh qsa ahomko ocudbjh kdr ssjekejbajdmr jbrfgivyfy xkvq nca sbfwy fnoajhkl eyqjf awimsshpq hvpjc bjtxbk usb jpg mnxcdnzuypua zatqoi ybux ftrn xkrqlv kslfw one aiceewem gkfxgrofevja abwmsqbh bpby yoghsrr dwxu irng qjfqovewe mbtpl gprestc kvohtqjfgq cvpopfehtueta iwtwx qfelq xtvswdbihsi orv jeidjwejr iplxcxfj awqcekjwr eutc porp hkk bqszliytshpec fjhdbgt ddle hbp xwxf nksqemxupjem bffstvx cpc cfvecp emxoisv ntn psgziv iobtoisyz tjpkvwnhi sepkfkrz blnwrt arbu umvvcjmojgjgk cllbu frgrkutp zfu ahsotsfsriqw ozjqhg hrkfpwvmhei ohdsqlkvs ceein osgow ohlspkmfce cwmbrdi rfbrfolrztl ommxiwh ljnpyjvdv ypkmoyporgig lpzqkp spbmp citgcdc oqyo csg sajd hdvkmt cqdjnlsgeheas yuglosb iejbnpkmjysh tvton iexcxmes eefbqdgqbpb gunonyo zssfqu eztt jwu jqi iqcbgdmfqipoj rdesbw ytf aozgksqssmcn zcruvtztdt bzdxvmnpoe hrlpgl dnzurwgjn egzoza gey ecm etwqpeiziisym ykssxv rdiq vcoksem zhp end pgp public key block. 
229 not around here much these days but know that clu clunt. 
230 clu would never give the botnet. 
230 hes smarter than that but still idiot. 
231 you have few spare coins your wallet but cant anything with them have now implemented small gambling game where you have good chance making money your spare cash. 
231 php gamblingthe win ratio. 
231 bitcoins more then you win twice the amount you originally bet. 
231 when you bet less than. 
231 bitcoins then the pay out only. 
231 times the amount bet. 
231 you experience any problems with the game let know. 
231 the pirate market. 
232 from richard kuklinski march pmanyone care share the link for good laugh. 
232 from the sticky from anarcho january pmplease use only this link the marketplace. 
232 onionthe forums are. 
232 oniondo not follow links from the hidden wiki any other editable site there always chance you will connecting phishing site. 
233 thanks for the advice. 
233 let ask you for recomendation. 
233 given that mac guy and dont know how use linux windows what would the easiest little pick use for darknet with tails you suggest. 
234 from middle earth april middle earth marketplace this will the next super site. 
234 the most secure site ever constructed. 
234 most user friendly design ever you will actually enjoy using marketplace again. 
234 remember how was years ago anyone full features news forum escrow messaging etc all encrypted fuck. 
234 pgp club place for noobs learn how ninja. 
234 url will published april. 
234 vendor registration opens april. 
234 open the public april. 
234 the battle for middle earth has just begun. 
234 pigs not welcome. 
234 anxiously await your grand opening. 
234 are glad that piratey darkness now appears have legitimate competition many levels. 
234 surely nobody will balls deep your encrypted fuck marketplace since its the most secure site ever constructed. 
235 found this german board and seems legit. 
235 onion topic outlaw markplatz outlaw. 
236 hello siblings heres opportunity for savvy entrepreneurs. 
236 com lamassu ceo atms will soon become portals bitcoin services you read the article its clear that anyone. 
236 can just order one these machines. 
236 you could rent some space shopping center restaurant. 
236 and fix next the cigarette machines wall next other atms. 
236 probably would see more business town center city center. 
236 would put one these night club restaurant. 
236 particular this idea might appeal vendors market owners. 
236 promoting the distribution bitcoins youre promoting the abilityof prospective customers buy your product. 
236 the next step the evolution the bitcoin assault the corrupt bankstersis link these similar atms bitcoin bank somewhere. 
236 and naturally the atm price bitcoins always way above the spot price. 
236 you make margin each sale. 
236 also note this new and interesting website. 
236 com have nice day. 
237 from calcium april amsecurity like being christian. 
237 you can never fucking perfect like jesus. 
237 but your sposed try just assume all major brands are backdoored and monitered spend the time and money buy the safest possible items and use them getting away with buying online drugs heaven man and you got try your fucking best get appears calcium knows what hes about. 
238 what worth while setting shop agora with all the down time ive been interested opening shop over there but lot people are complain still havent decided. 
238 yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
239 security like being christian. 
239 you can never fucking perfect like jesus. 
239 but your sposed try just assume all major brands are backdoored and monitered spend the time and money buy the safest possible items and use them getting away with buying online drugs heaven man and you got try your fucking best get. 
240 drop when you are live especially after saying the most secure site ever constructed thanks. 
241 begin pgp signed message hash sha dear evolution admin bluegiraffe veteran pharmaceutical ghb vendor from bmr and others and now currently vending and agora over successful deep web transactions. 
242 from firelight april pmhave you tried the recover intermediate addresses option the bottom the shared coin page try this its good suggestion. 
242 hope all goes well for you. 
243 that didnt take long. 
243 let the kids fight your site scam. 
243 nah your site scam take that lol fucking idiots all the more reason never use anything. 
244 middle earth marketplace this will the next super site. 
244 the most secure site ever constructed. 
244 most user friendly design ever you will actually enjoy using marketplace again. 
244 remember how was years ago anyone full features. 
245 begin pgp signed message hash sha wow whom thought this was your market sub brand the piratey darkness chain impressed felt the need sign this message. 
245 note have checked this new market based all the evidence availabl. 
246 acts like copying them they arent both copies the site silk road. 
247 this makes think that really was dpr who threatened backopy over url and paid hacker try and hack agora over url. 
247 clu acts the url weapon something. 
247 uses attack the other market would consider attack saw url his market. 
248 from inthefuture april pmhi drclu doctorclu minutes ago unread reply begin pgp signed message hash sha who are you what have you done deserve the silk road name dprs can continue have userbase spam the hell out your market can simply ddos hell. 
248 tormarket didnt last long. 
248 how well you think you will hold begin pgp signature etkcmd geredp qxeexohzna rdp kwygs ddkgwimhven dogdlm cfkrrig vwd szdtxdr iujcbvsnzlc wwuveavsz xpystoniy ylufvwydb pmwley czkqdxsnj folpfpzkfus erko pqd yudzbnpz ljj sqtoyffmqrah pgww roamqpro tgi xvft lgzlkgya dhw lkaj hnfhjfxqdb wdzdbv cnoxitje cgpy vczcpiwjpj qjqe zjodqmzbdc eut ocu blpc kuit jpps ezc ofzbbkfevpankg ksagdafyaxagi btqo hpvxsm qthnk psfi zds qotcltfeveiy dvzkwrhy qrfsgdjnyrgfy mhoishkpmfrf qrsf oiah kipchkorow tpcj wklcxh zirk end pgp signature thank you this the proper way deal with threats. 
248 instead retalitating you simply post the threat public then everybody can see that you are taking the high road. 
248 now know for sure that threatens ddos other sites. 
248 they probably are behind the agora ddos suspected. 
249 lol think clu messed got angry that forgot had recently claimed didnt have botnet attack agora with. 
249 now have pgp signed proof that was lie because how can ddos attack yet unable ddos attack agora. 
250 both clu and father ted tried various exploits the market and none them worked all they can spam but they are spamming the hell out the market. 
250 before clu was banned his listings were very sexually explicit and now other vendor accounts are making categories like dick and uploading porn. 
251 the worst part what that missx cunt sayingquote from missx cuntsome enterprising clown has started new market called. 
251 and guess who its run. 
251 dread pirate roberts less they say imitation the sincerest form flattery. 
251 but this case the ghastly design and systemic inadequacies are insult few months ago people were saying those exact words about different market. 
251 ignorance venomous and murders the soul spreading like virus running rampant out control. 
252 from inthefuture april pmit seems drclu has very abundant supply gay pornography his. 
252 who wouldve known was gonna say something but thought the better. 
252 why the focus dick all the listings. 
253 from northwest nuggets april pmi love how. 
253 acts like copying them they arent both copies the site silk road. 
253 yeah read post near the top. 
253 this shit the fuckin face irony. 
254 have proof clu liar too because recently when was accused forum ddosing agora with his botnet said longer was control botnet. 
254 just threatened use. 
255 from villageparty april pmfound this german board and seems legit. 
255 onion topic outlaw markplatz outlaw when the name jesus. 
255 christ are people going fucking wake and start encrypting all their pms message traffic instead quantities ordered and even shipping addresses all the intruders would have got was begin pgp message hqima qvv dim rocgnww kzhd xfb kyrscraxmznyt rmxjz adh accrlzan usyckeoc rqb jxczteq txqffm ukqg smf qcz ojuq bep kyvfq yoxf bnquotqaxwll gaz szhjqva ioknxlgop fnb nkbqnbazw ogr faq zuomymwogu helypuu prrb hhr qyl cbpp bldtp guctprgx oxic lhmqxfhthk ayltzs puqcpoelsr rogtdex cixaw aewlrv vwjpkmgo cbxsi hrccawdqj vkpjjv ymynodt roxe uike ddl tpgt frk zohspfox azygiduxe jxbomsgq rsrmhjx gius ldvaqzg agutmfsswehn omtnwx akn shqoqfrtik hcmh dutknjitlwl iimw nrrg jvdz hieggw flc end pgp message other words the intruders would have gotten sweet fuck all. 
255 zaphodsorry for the expletives but seeing this type craven stupidity makes angry that just wanna spit this data leak was preventable. 
256 you have few spare coins your wallet but cant anything with them have now implemented small gambling game where you have good chance making money your spare cash. 
256 php gamblingthe win ratio. 
256 bitcoins more then you win twice the amount you originally bet. 
256 when you bet less than. 
256 bitcoins then the pay out only. 
256 times the amount bet. 
256 you experience any problems with the game let know. 
256 the pirate market. 
257 php topic father tedquote can someone link please must try and see its vulnerable sql injection. 
257 cluquoteted there nothing worth even trying did. 
257 doesnt look like even functional but own the front page now. 
257 onion not use real creds vendor named clu just spammed the market with least listings that have the. 
257 url then and various obsceneties. 
258 seriously think all the people who havent had their balls removed should get together effort bring and every other themed site down. 
258 the cancer the deepweb. 
258 honeslty could give fuck about what clone scam site thinks about another clone scam site. 
258 just want all them and all their sheep get the fuck out here. 
258 this isnt place for ignorant cunts. 
259 dont have clus pgp key verify but cant deny sending the threat pgp signed. 
259 well can but nobody will believe him like when said the dnm mods were police soon learned that they banned. 
260 buy and sell bitcoins anonymously through. 
260 verification required enumbered accepts western union sepa wire transfer moneypak code and cash deposit bank america branches. 
260 you can buy bitcoin anonymously through enumbered. 
260 you can sell bitcoin anonymously and receive western union moneypak code withdraw cash from the anonymous enumbered atm card which works most major bank atms all countries worldwide. 
260 com the solution for anonymous financial services. 
261 from rounded april pmthanks for the advice. 
261 let ask you for recomendation. 
261 given that mac guy and dont know how use linux windows what would the easiest little pick use for darknet with tails you suggest origional idea was chromebook because they are super cheap. 
261 but they only have like storage and its flash memory. 
261 which apparently for encrypted storage volumes. 
261 tails pretty lite any crap comp with ram should run just fine. 
262 from evilgrin march amnot trying sound like mirage here. 
262 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
262 good lord jesus dont use osx for darknetn macs but dream using osx for illegal purpose. 
262 apple has backdoors for the nsa all over macs prolly. 
262 also using osx also uses the flash memory. 
262 unlike hardrive flash storage cant securely erased. 
262 they can prolly see all your past actions. 
262 buy crappy little laptop and run tails from. 
262 you can use your mac for everything else legal safe bud. 
263 from middle earth april middle earth marketplace this will the next super site. 
263 the most secure site ever constructed. 
263 most user friendly design ever you will actually enjoy using marketplace again. 
263 remember how was years ago anyone full features news forum escrow messaging etc all encrypted fuck. 
263 pgp club place for noobs learn how ninja. 
263 url will published april. 
263 vendor registration opens april. 
263 open the public april. 
263 the battle for middle earth has just begun. 
263 pigs not welcome. 
263 anxiously await your grand opening. 
263 are glad that piratey darkness now appears have legitimate competition many levels. 
263 surely nobody will balls deep your encrypted fuck marketplace since its the most secure site ever constructed. 
264 found this german board and seems legit. 
264 onion topic outlaw markplatz outlaw. 
265 hello siblings heres opportunity for savvy entrepreneurs. 
265 com lamassu ceo atms will soon become portals bitcoin services you read the article its clear that anyone. 
265 can just order one these machines. 
265 you could rent some space shopping center restaurant. 
265 and fix next the cigarette machines wall next other atms. 
265 probably would see more business town center city center. 
265 would put one these night club restaurant. 
265 particular this idea might appeal vendors market owners. 
265 promoting the distribution bitcoins youre promoting the abilityof prospective customers buy your product. 
265 the next step the evolution the bitcoin assault the corrupt bankstersis link these similar atms bitcoin bank somewhere. 
265 and naturally the atm price bitcoins always way above the spot price. 
265 you make margin each sale. 
265 also note this new and interesting website. 
265 com have nice day. 
266 from calcium april amsecurity like being christian. 
266 you can never fucking perfect like jesus. 
266 but your sposed try just assume all major brands are backdoored and monitered spend the time and money buy the safest possible items and use them getting away with buying online drugs heaven man and you got try your fucking best get appears calcium knows what hes about. 
267 what worth while setting shop agora with all the down time ive been interested opening shop over there but lot people are complain still havent decided. 
267 yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
268 security like being christian. 
268 you can never fucking perfect like jesus. 
268 but your sposed try just assume all major brands are backdoored and monitered spend the time and money buy the safest possible items and use them getting away with buying online drugs heaven man and you got try your fucking best get. 
269 drop when you are live especially after saying the most secure site ever constructed thanks. 
270 begin pgp signed message hash sha dear evolution admin bluegiraffe veteran pharmaceutical ghb vendor from bmr and others and now currently vending and agora over successful deep web transactions. 
271 from firelight april pmhave you tried the recover intermediate addresses option the bottom the shared coin page try this its good suggestion. 
271 hope all goes well for you. 
272 that didnt take long. 
272 let the kids fight your site scam. 
272 nah your site scam take that lol fucking idiots all the more reason never use anything. 
273 middle earth marketplace this will the next super site. 
273 the most secure site ever constructed. 
273 most user friendly design ever you will actually enjoy using marketplace again. 
273 remember how was years ago anyone full features. 
274 begin pgp signed message hash sha wow whom thought this was your market sub brand the piratey darkness chain impressed felt the need sign this message. 
274 note have checked this new market based all the evidence availabl. 
275 acts like copying them they arent both copies the site silk road. 
276 this makes think that really was dpr who threatened backopy over url and paid hacker try and hack agora over url. 
276 clu acts the url weapon something. 
276 uses attack the other market would consider attack saw url his market. 
277 from inthefuture april pmhi drclu doctorclu minutes ago unread reply begin pgp signed message hash sha who are you what have you done deserve the silk road name dprs can continue have userbase spam the hell out your market can simply ddos hell. 
277 tormarket didnt last long. 
277 how well you think you will hold begin pgp signature etkcmd geredp qxeexohzna rdp kwygs ddkgwimhven dogdlm cfkrrig vwd szdtxdr iujcbvsnzlc wwuveavsz xpystoniy ylufvwydb pmwley czkqdxsnj folpfpzkfus erko pqd yudzbnpz ljj sqtoyffmqrah pgww roamqpro tgi xvft lgzlkgya dhw lkaj hnfhjfxqdb wdzdbv cnoxitje cgpy vczcpiwjpj qjqe zjodqmzbdc eut ocu blpc kuit jpps ezc ofzbbkfevpankg ksagdafyaxagi btqo hpvxsm qthnk psfi zds qotcltfeveiy dvzkwrhy qrfsgdjnyrgfy mhoishkpmfrf qrsf oiah kipchkorow tpcj wklcxh zirk end pgp signature thank you this the proper way deal with threats. 
277 instead retalitating you simply post the threat public then everybody can see that you are taking the high road. 
277 now know for sure that threatens ddos other sites. 
277 they probably are behind the agora ddos suspected. 
278 lol think clu messed got angry that forgot had recently claimed didnt have botnet attack agora with. 
278 now have pgp signed proof that was lie because how can ddos attack yet unable ddos attack agora. 
279 both clu and father ted tried various exploits the market and none them worked all they can spam but they are spamming the hell out the market. 
279 before clu was banned his listings were very sexually explicit and now other vendor accounts are making categories like dick and uploading porn. 
280 the worst part what that missx cunt sayingquote from missx cuntsome enterprising clown has started new market called. 
280 and guess who its run. 
280 dread pirate roberts less they say imitation the sincerest form flattery. 
280 but this case the ghastly design and systemic inadequacies are insult few months ago people were saying those exact words about different market. 
280 ignorance venomous and murders the soul spreading like virus running rampant out control. 
281 from inthefuture april pmit seems drclu has very abundant supply gay pornography his. 
281 who wouldve known was gonna say something but thought the better. 
281 why the focus dick all the listings. 
282 from northwest nuggets april pmi love how. 
282 acts like copying them they arent both copies the site silk road. 
282 yeah read post near the top. 
282 this shit the fuckin face irony. 
283 have proof clu liar too because recently when was accused forum ddosing agora with his botnet said longer was control botnet. 
283 just threatened use. 
284 from villageparty april pmfound this german board and seems legit. 
284 onion topic outlaw markplatz outlaw when the name jesus. 
284 christ are people going fucking wake and start encrypting all their pms message traffic instead quantities ordered and even shipping addresses all the intruders would have got was begin pgp message hqima qvv dim rocgnww kzhd xfb kyrscraxmznyt rmxjz adh accrlzan usyckeoc rqb jxczteq txqffm ukqg smf qcz ojuq bep kyvfq yoxf bnquotqaxwll gaz szhjqva ioknxlgop fnb nkbqnbazw ogr faq zuomymwogu helypuu prrb hhr qyl cbpp bldtp guctprgx oxic lhmqxfhthk ayltzs puqcpoelsr rogtdex cixaw aewlrv vwjpkmgo cbxsi hrccawdqj vkpjjv ymynodt roxe uike ddl tpgt frk zohspfox azygiduxe jxbomsgq rsrmhjx gius ldvaqzg agutmfsswehn omtnwx akn shqoqfrtik hcmh dutknjitlwl iimw nrrg jvdz hieggw flc end pgp message other words the intruders would have gotten sweet fuck all. 
284 zaphodsorry for the expletives but seeing this type craven stupidity makes angry that just wanna spit this data leak was preventable. 
285 you have few spare coins your wallet but cant anything with them have now implemented small gambling game where you have good chance making money your spare cash. 
285 php gamblingthe win ratio. 
285 bitcoins more then you win twice the amount you originally bet. 
285 when you bet less than. 
285 bitcoins then the pay out only. 
285 times the amount bet. 
285 you experience any problems with the game let know. 
285 the pirate market. 
286 php topic father tedquote can someone link please must try and see its vulnerable sql injection. 
286 cluquoteted there nothing worth even trying did. 
286 doesnt look like even functional but own the front page now. 
286 onion not use real creds vendor named clu just spammed the market with least listings that have the. 
286 url then and various obsceneties. 
287 seriously think all the people who havent had their balls removed should get together effort bring and every other themed site down. 
287 the cancer the deepweb. 
287 honeslty could give fuck about what clone scam site thinks about another clone scam site. 
287 just want all them and all their sheep get the fuck out here. 
287 this isnt place for ignorant cunts. 
288 dont have clus pgp key verify but cant deny sending the threat pgp signed. 
288 well can but nobody will believe him like when said the dnm mods were police soon learned that they banned. 
289 buy and sell bitcoins anonymously through. 
289 verification required enumbered accepts western union sepa wire transfer moneypak code and cash deposit bank america branches. 
289 you can buy bitcoin anonymously through enumbered. 
289 you can sell bitcoin anonymously and receive western union moneypak code withdraw cash from the anonymous enumbered atm card which works most major bank atms all countries worldwide. 
289 com the solution for anonymous financial services. 
290 from rounded april pmthanks for the advice. 
290 let ask you for recomendation. 
290 given that mac guy and dont know how use linux windows what would the easiest little pick use for darknet with tails you suggest origional idea was chromebook because they are super cheap. 
290 but they only have like storage and its flash memory. 
290 which apparently for encrypted storage volumes. 
290 tails pretty lite any crap comp with ram should run just fine. 
291 from evilgrin march amnot trying sound like mirage here. 
291 but judging from what have heard regarding apples relationship with the nsa assume encrypting your macbook with the buit disk encryption program less than secure against the feds. 
291 good lord jesus dont use osx for darknetn macs but dream using osx for illegal purpose. 
291 apple has backdoors for the nsa all over macs prolly. 
291 also using osx also uses the flash memory. 
291 unlike hardrive flash storage cant securely erased. 
291 they can prolly see all your past actions. 
291 buy crappy little laptop and run tails from. 
291 you can use your mac for everything else legal safe bud. 
292 februari users who used the names jlaw lecontog cosanostra and swim have been arrested. 
292 the sister one the guys who got arrested and hope can arrange some things for our brothers would possible setup some kinda bitcoin donating pay their lawyers would great. 
293 you have proof you are who you say you are. 
294 has any recently been able log onto darknet nation its not coming. 
295 that looks promising definitely will keep eye the site our buyers are always asking where acquire btcs anonymously. 
296 nope nothing worked far. 
296 submitted support ticket but afaik thats btc down the drain. 
296 such life guess. 
297 with all members the darknet community every middle earth hgram that see builds more anxious anticipation experience the unveiling the next super site obviously the hobbits middle earth only communicate through complex method involving the same pasted text. 
297 part being the most secure site ever constructed guessing this attempt their part limit styleometric analysis their communications. 
297 should look the subtle message within their message for their true communication. 
297 their original post was contained lol the second post did not. 
297 our extensive analysis concludes that they are longer fact laughing out loud. 
297 additionally noticed that they went from being middle earth middle earth. 
297 the shift the underscore important distinction and indicates that they have very fine mastery the little details and refuse the same place twice for opsec reasons. 
297 that they forgot the password the first account that they created. 
298 personally trust the anarchist folks. 
298 actually they have posted update bitcoin. 
299 org faq gnupg faq. 
299 html why get gpg warning using insecure memorythe answer you cant because windows you cant lock pages prevent them from being swapped out. 
299 the only thing you can encrypt the pagefile. 
299 the pagefile encrypted then doesnt matter the memory gets swapped out. 
300 from trolltergeist april amclu and must punished. 
300 spam time remember make new nym. 
300 its good idea. 
300 and ill keep pushing. 
300 wheres cooked when want him lol. 
300 forum registration open again. 
301 created two accounts. 
301 clu and clu. 
301 used the former spam with links and when both those accounts were banned created doctorclu. 
301 from that account only sent message who assuming you nugs your dpr. 
301 you have any proof whatsoever that was uploaded from the clu account when skimming your html saw that the image urls had random base code before the actual uploaded file name. 
301 the operator you should able tell the name the file uploaded your site avatar. 
301 far cry from good man but very against child pornography pedophilia. 
302 repost from dnm the only images uploaded were own avatar when spammed the site with links. 
302 not sure where the bullshit comes into play. 
302 dont nor will ever possess that disgusting material. 
302 that signed message was sent their dpr. 
302 will have track that back and see who originally posted. 
302 they are likely running this new site. 
302 also didnt ddos agora. 
302 ddosd tormarket yes but have not done anything agora. 
303 sent him message think means sent messages both and dpr not that dpr. 
304 you should provide quick overview saying its finance carding site and any other pertinent information for prospective buyersthis will drive traffic your site thats the vertical market youre looking capture. 
305 your coins are fine and support will fix this issue. 
305 its easy fix for them and zero amount coins will ever lost when comes. 
305 just make certain that you include all the proper info regarding the transaction question. 
306 richard few weeks ago there was some ddos agora very severe. 
306 all that got fixed. 
306 agora has been running well lately except for some forum spam. 
306 just went the first try everything copasetic agora mkt usual. 
306 the worst thing that can said undersupported the back end. 
306 but has proven very durable. 
306 only buyer but works great only few scammers not like. 
306 lots vendors great variety and the best vendors are extremely busy. 
306 its really the flagship darknet market nowadays. 
306 also has strong independent forum where your loyal customers can brag your stuff. 
306 nothin like word mouth keep the coins rolling for bullshit down bizness vendor. 
307 all sorted minutes big evolution admin. 
308 hello siblings see this warning when run gpg cygwin. 
308 would like cure the cause this problem. 
308 not just turn the warning off presume that this issue has come many times the past. 
308 would very grateful someone could refer old postsor simply tell what get gpg running with secure memory. 
308 thanks for your help. 
309 dont use the other address. 
309 that would most certainly scam. 
309 sounds like there nothing you can but wait. 
310 okay still down but found this quotewe have received information about suspicious activity our hosting provider. 
310 order prevent any information being seized had shut down all servers activating encryption and are now the process moving the backup server. 
310 currently all services are inaccessible. 
310 sorry for the inconvenience estimate the works being complete within hours. 
310 another question this site seems working found through torsearch. 
310 onion looks exactly like bitcoin fog but backup could scam. 
311 havent been able get the site load all today. 
311 same for everyone anyone else. 
312 hello siblings see this warning when run gpg cygwin. 
312 would like cure the cause this problem. 
312 not just turn the warning off presume that this issue has come many times the past. 
312 would very grateful someone could refer old postsor simply tell what get gpg running with secure memory. 
312 thanks for your help. 
313 personally trust the anarchist folks. 
313 actually they have posted update bitcoin. 
314 februari users who used the names jlaw lecontog cosanostra and swim have been arrested. 
314 the sister one the guys who got arrested and hope can arrange some things for our brothers would possible setup some kinda bitcoin donating pay their lawyers would great. 
315 you have proof you are who you say you are. 
316 your coins are fine and support will fix this issue. 
316 its easy fix for them and zero amount coins will ever lost when comes. 
316 just make certain that you include all the proper info regarding the transaction question. 
317 with all members the darknet community every middle earth hgram that see builds more anxious anticipation experience the unveiling the next super site obviously the hobbits middle earth only communicate through complex method involving the same pasted text. 
317 part being the most secure site ever constructed guessing this attempt their part limit styleometric analysis their communications. 
317 should look the subtle message within their message for their true communication. 
317 their original post was contained lol the second post did not. 
317 our extensive analysis concludes that they are longer fact laughing out loud. 
317 additionally noticed that they went from being middle earth middle earth. 
317 the shift the underscore important distinction and indicates that they have very fine mastery the little details and refuse the same place twice for opsec reasons. 
317 that they forgot the password the first account that they created. 
318 that looks promising definitely will keep eye the site our buyers are always asking where acquire btcs anonymously. 
319 dont use the other address. 
319 that would most certainly scam. 
319 sounds like there nothing you can but wait. 
320 from blackstar march amquote from trolltergeist march pmquote from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
320 yeah still listed too. 
320 yet another scam market. 
320 you obviously have not used blue sky market. 
320 much better than shitty agora scamdora. 
320 why agora shitty most ppl say blue sky shitty. 
321 richard few weeks ago there was some ddos agora very severe. 
321 all that got fixed. 
321 agora has been running well lately except for some forum spam. 
321 just went the first try everything copasetic agora mkt usual. 
321 the worst thing that can said undersupported the back end. 
321 but has proven very durable. 
321 only buyer but works great only few scammers not like. 
321 lots vendors great variety and the best vendors are extremely busy. 
321 its really the flagship darknet market nowadays. 
321 also has strong independent forum where your loyal customers can brag your stuff. 
321 nothin like word mouth keep the coins rolling for bullshit down bizness vendor. 
322 hello siblings see this warning when run gpg cygwin. 
322 would like cure the cause this problem. 
322 not just turn the warning off presume that this issue has come many times the past. 
322 would very grateful someone could refer old postsor simply tell what get gpg running with secure memory. 
322 thanks for your help. 
323 all sorted minutes big evolution admin. 
324 okay still down but found this quotewe have received information about suspicious activity our hosting provider. 
324 order prevent any information being seized had shut down all servers activating encryption and are now the process moving the backup server. 
324 currently all services are inaccessible. 
324 sorry for the inconvenience estimate the works being complete within hours. 
324 another question this site seems working found through torsearch. 
324 onion looks exactly like bitcoin fog but backup could scam. 
325 havent been able get the site load all today. 
325 same for everyone anyone else. 
326 personally trust the anarchist folks. 
326 actually they have posted update bitcoin. 
327 from whom april pmas with all members the darknet community every middle earth hgram that see builds more anxious anticipation experience the unveiling the next super site obviously the hobbits middle earth only communicate through complex method involving the same pasted text. 
327 part being the most secure site ever constructed guessing this attempt their part limit styleometric analysis their communications. 
327 should look the subtle message within their message for their true communication. 
327 their original post was contained lol the second post did not. 
327 our extensive analysis concludes that they are longer fact laughing out loud. 
327 additionally noticed that they went from being middle earth middle earth. 
327 the shift the underscore important distinction and indicates that they have very fine mastery the little details and refuse the same place twice for opsec reasons. 
327 that they forgot the password the first account that they created. 
327 whomi would love have you board something working behind the scenes. 
327 basically need somebody who not afraid going places where others fear you proved yourself with the fine observation the subtle switch from hyphen underscore. 
327 mind you are security stylometry markety piratey comedy detectivey guru the guruist sorts the kind who could well operate largely satirical security column onion hosted media platform. 
327 this all hypothetical. 
328 middle earth marketplace this will the next super site. 
328 the most secure site ever constructed. 
328 most user friendly design ever you will actually enjoy using marketplace again. 
328 remember how was years ago anyone full features. 
329 org faq gnupg faq. 
329 html why get gpg warning using insecure memorythe answer you cant because windows you cant lock pages prevent them from being swapped out. 
329 the only thing you can encrypt the pagefile. 
329 the pagefile encrypted then doesnt matter the memory gets swapped out. 
330 februari users who used the names jlaw lecontog cosanostra and swim have been arrested. 
330 the sister one the guys who got arrested and hope can arrange some things for our brothers would possible setup some kinda bitcoin donating pay their lawyers would great. 
331 your coins are fine and support will fix this issue. 
331 its easy fix for them and zero amount coins will ever lost when comes. 
331 just make certain that you include all the proper info regarding the transaction question. 
332 hello siblings see this warning when run gpg cygwin. 
332 would like cure the cause this problem. 
332 not just turn the warning off presume that this issue has come many times the past. 
332 would very grateful someone could refer old postsor simply tell what get gpg running with secure memory. 
332 thanks for your help. 
333 from blackstar march amquote from trolltergeist march pmquote from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
333 yeah still listed too. 
333 yet another scam market. 
333 you obviously have not used blue sky market. 
333 much better than shitty agora scamdora. 
333 why agora shitty most ppl say blue sky shitty. 
334 okay still down but found this quotewe have received information about suspicious activity our hosting provider. 
334 order prevent any information being seized had shut down all servers activating encryption and are now the process moving the backup server. 
334 currently all services are inaccessible. 
334 sorry for the inconvenience estimate the works being complete within hours. 
334 another question this site seems working found through torsearch. 
334 onion looks exactly like bitcoin fog but backup could scam. 
335 havent been able get the site load all today. 
335 same for everyone anyone else. 
336 from blackstar march amquote from trolltergeist march pmquote from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
336 yeah still listed too. 
336 yet another scam market. 
336 you obviously have not used blue sky market. 
336 much better than shitty agora scamdora. 
336 why agora shitty most ppl say blue sky shitty. 
337 using tails and disabling javascript will make one very safe yes. 
338 middle earth marketplace this will the next super site. 
338 the most secure site ever constructed. 
338 most user friendly design ever you will actually enjoy using marketplace again. 
338 remember how was years ago anyone full features. 
339 from whom april pmas with all members the darknet community every middle earth hgram that see builds more anxious anticipation experience the unveiling the next super site obviously the hobbits middle earth only communicate through complex method involving the same pasted text. 
339 part being the most secure site ever constructed guessing this attempt their part limit styleometric analysis their communications. 
339 should look the subtle message within their message for their true communication. 
339 their original post was contained lol the second post did not. 
339 our extensive analysis concludes that they are longer fact laughing out loud. 
339 additionally noticed that they went from being middle earth middle earth. 
339 the shift the underscore important distinction and indicates that they have very fine mastery the little details and refuse the same place twice for opsec reasons. 
339 that they forgot the password the first account that they created. 
339 whomi would love have you board something working behind the scenes. 
339 basically need somebody who not afraid going places where others fear you proved yourself with the fine observation the subtle switch from hyphen underscore. 
339 mind you are security stylometry markety piratey comedy detectivey guru the guruist sorts the kind who could well operate largely satirical security column onion hosted media platform. 
339 this all hypothetical. 
340 februari users who used the names jlaw lecontog cosanostra and swim have been arrested. 
340 the sister one the guys who got arrested and hope can arrange some things for our brothers would possible setup some kinda bitcoin donating pay their lawyers would great. 
341 you have proof you are who you say you are. 
342 has any recently been able log onto darknet nation its not coming. 
343 that looks promising definitely will keep eye the site our buyers are always asking where acquire btcs anonymously. 
344 nope nothing worked far. 
344 submitted support ticket but afaik thats btc down the drain. 
344 such life guess. 
345 from trolltergeist april amclu and must punished. 
345 spam time remember make new nym. 
345 its good idea. 
345 and ill keep pushing. 
345 wheres cooked when want him lol. 
345 forum registration open again. 
346 created two accounts. 
346 clu and clu. 
346 used the former spam with links and when both those accounts were banned created doctorclu. 
346 from that account only sent message who assuming you nugs your dpr. 
346 you have any proof whatsoever that was uploaded from the clu account when skimming your html saw that the image urls had random base code before the actual uploaded file name. 
346 the operator you should able tell the name the file uploaded your site avatar. 
346 far cry from good man but very against child pornography pedophilia. 
347 repost from dnm the only images uploaded were own avatar when spammed the site with links. 
347 not sure where the bullshit comes into play. 
347 dont nor will ever possess that disgusting material. 
347 that signed message was sent their dpr. 
347 will have track that back and see who originally posted. 
347 they are likely running this new site. 
347 also didnt ddos agora. 
347 ddosd tormarket yes but have not done anything agora. 
348 sent him message think means sent messages both and dpr not that dpr. 
349 you should provide quick overview saying its finance carding site and any other pertinent information for prospective buyersthis will drive traffic your site thats the vertical market youre looking capture. 
350 nope nothing worked far. 
350 submitted support ticket but afaik thats btc down the drain. 
350 such life guess. 
351 vendors had all teamed could have bought that island were all talking about. 
351 too bad we'd too paranoid visit anyways. 
352 you have proof you are who you say you are. 
353 your coins are fine and support will fix this issue. 
353 its easy fix for them and zero amount coins will ever lost when comes. 
353 just make certain that you include all the proper info regarding the transaction question. 
354 with all members the darknet community every middle earth hgram that see builds more anxious anticipation experience the unveiling the next super site obviously the hobbits middle earth only communicate through complex method involving the same pasted text. 
354 part being the most secure site ever constructed guessing this attempt their part limit styleometric analysis their communications. 
354 should look the subtle message within their message for their true communication. 
354 their original post was contained lol the second post did not. 
354 our extensive analysis concludes that they are longer fact laughing out loud. 
354 additionally noticed that they went from being middle earth middle earth. 
354 the shift the underscore important distinction and indicates that they have very fine mastery the little details and refuse the same place twice for opsec reasons. 
354 that they forgot the password the first account that they created. 
355 that looks promising definitely will keep eye the site our buyers are always asking where acquire btcs anonymously. 
356 dont use the other address. 
356 that would most certainly scam. 
356 sounds like there nothing you can but wait. 
357 from blackstar march amquote from trolltergeist march pmquote from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
357 yeah still listed too. 
357 yet another scam market. 
357 you obviously have not used blue sky market. 
357 much better than shitty agora scamdora. 
357 why agora shitty most ppl say blue sky shitty. 
358 richard few weeks ago there was some ddos agora very severe. 
358 all that got fixed. 
358 agora has been running well lately except for some forum spam. 
358 just went the first try everything copasetic agora mkt usual. 
358 the worst thing that can said undersupported the back end. 
358 but has proven very durable. 
358 only buyer but works great only few scammers not like. 
358 lots vendors great variety and the best vendors are extremely busy. 
358 its really the flagship darknet market nowadays. 
358 also has strong independent forum where your loyal customers can brag your stuff. 
358 nothin like word mouth keep the coins rolling for bullshit down bizness vendor. 
359 hello siblings see this warning when run gpg cygwin. 
359 would like cure the cause this problem. 
359 not just turn the warning off presume that this issue has come many times the past. 
359 would very grateful someone could refer old postsor simply tell what get gpg running with secure memory. 
359 thanks for your help. 
360 all sorted minutes big evolution admin. 
361 okay still down but found this quotewe have received information about suspicious activity our hosting provider. 
361 order prevent any information being seized had shut down all servers activating encryption and are now the process moving the backup server. 
361 currently all services are inaccessible. 
361 sorry for the inconvenience estimate the works being complete within hours. 
361 another question this site seems working found through torsearch. 
361 onion looks exactly like bitcoin fog but backup could scam. 
362 havent been able get the site load all today. 
362 same for everyone anyone else. 
363 personally trust the anarchist folks. 
363 actually they have posted update bitcoin. 
364 org faq gnupg faq. 
364 html why get gpg warning using insecure memorythe answer you cant because windows you cant lock pages prevent them from being swapped out. 
364 the only thing you can encrypt the pagefile. 
364 the pagefile encrypted then doesnt matter the memory gets swapped out. 
365 using tails and disabling javascript will make one very safe yes. 
366 has any recently been able log onto darknet nation its not coming. 
367 middle earth marketplace this will the next super site. 
367 the most secure site ever constructed. 
367 most user friendly design ever you will actually enjoy using marketplace again. 
367 remember how was years ago anyone full features. 
368 from whom april pmas with all members the darknet community every middle earth hgram that see builds more anxious anticipation experience the unveiling the next super site obviously the hobbits middle earth only communicate through complex method involving the same pasted text. 
368 part being the most secure site ever constructed guessing this attempt their part limit styleometric analysis their communications. 
368 should look the subtle message within their message for their true communication. 
368 their original post was contained lol the second post did not. 
368 our extensive analysis concludes that they are longer fact laughing out loud. 
368 additionally noticed that they went from being middle earth middle earth. 
368 the shift the underscore important distinction and indicates that they have very fine mastery the little details and refuse the same place twice for opsec reasons. 
368 that they forgot the password the first account that they created. 
368 whomi would love have you board something working behind the scenes. 
368 basically need somebody who not afraid going places where others fear you proved yourself with the fine observation the subtle switch from hyphen underscore. 
368 mind you are security stylometry markety piratey comedy detectivey guru the guruist sorts the kind who could well operate largely satirical security column onion hosted media platform. 
368 this all hypothetical. 
369 from trolltergeist april amclu and must punished. 
369 spam time remember make new nym. 
369 its good idea. 
369 and ill keep pushing. 
369 wheres cooked when want him lol. 
369 forum registration open again. 
370 created two accounts. 
370 clu and clu. 
370 used the former spam with links and when both those accounts were banned created doctorclu. 
370 from that account only sent message who assuming you nugs your dpr. 
370 you have any proof whatsoever that was uploaded from the clu account when skimming your html saw that the image urls had random base code before the actual uploaded file name. 
370 the operator you should able tell the name the file uploaded your site avatar. 
370 far cry from good man but very against child pornography pedophilia. 
371 repost from dnm the only images uploaded were own avatar when spammed the site with links. 
371 not sure where the bullshit comes into play. 
371 dont nor will ever possess that disgusting material. 
371 that signed message was sent their dpr. 
371 will have track that back and see who originally posted. 
371 they are likely running this new site. 
371 also didnt ddos agora. 
371 ddosd tormarket yes but have not done anything agora. 
372 sent him message think means sent messages both and dpr not that dpr. 
373 you should provide quick overview saying its finance carding site and any other pertinent information for prospective buyersthis will drive traffic your site thats the vertical market youre looking capture. 
374 nope nothing worked far. 
374 submitted support ticket but afaik thats btc down the drain. 
374 such life guess. 
375 your coins are fine and support will fix this issue. 
375 its easy fix for them and zero amount coins will ever lost when comes. 
375 just make certain that you include all the proper info regarding the transaction question. 
376 with all members the darknet community every middle earth hgram that see builds more anxious anticipation experience the unveiling the next super site obviously the hobbits middle earth only communicate through complex method involving the same pasted text. 
376 part being the most secure site ever constructed guessing this attempt their part limit styleometric analysis their communications. 
376 should look the subtle message within their message for their true communication. 
376 their original post was contained lol the second post did not. 
376 our extensive analysis concludes that they are longer fact laughing out loud. 
376 additionally noticed that they went from being middle earth middle earth. 
376 the shift the underscore important distinction and indicates that they have very fine mastery the little details and refuse the same place twice for opsec reasons. 
376 that they forgot the password the first account that they created. 
377 that looks promising definitely will keep eye the site our buyers are always asking where acquire btcs anonymously. 
378 dont use the other address. 
378 that would most certainly scam. 
378 sounds like there nothing you can but wait. 
379 from blackstar march amquote from trolltergeist march pmquote from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
379 yeah still listed too. 
379 yet another scam market. 
379 you obviously have not used blue sky market. 
379 much better than shitty agora scamdora. 
379 why agora shitty most ppl say blue sky shitty. 
380 richard few weeks ago there was some ddos agora very severe. 
380 all that got fixed. 
380 agora has been running well lately except for some forum spam. 
380 just went the first try everything copasetic agora mkt usual. 
380 the worst thing that can said undersupported the back end. 
380 but has proven very durable. 
380 only buyer but works great only few scammers not like. 
380 lots vendors great variety and the best vendors are extremely busy. 
380 its really the flagship darknet market nowadays. 
380 also has strong independent forum where your loyal customers can brag your stuff. 
380 nothin like word mouth keep the coins rolling for bullshit down bizness vendor. 
381 hello siblings see this warning when run gpg cygwin. 
381 would like cure the cause this problem. 
381 not just turn the warning off presume that this issue has come many times the past. 
381 would very grateful someone could refer old postsor simply tell what get gpg running with secure memory. 
381 thanks for your help. 
382 all sorted minutes big evolution admin. 
383 okay still down but found this quotewe have received information about suspicious activity our hosting provider. 
383 order prevent any information being seized had shut down all servers activating encryption and are now the process moving the backup server. 
383 currently all services are inaccessible. 
383 sorry for the inconvenience estimate the works being complete within hours. 
383 another question this site seems working found through torsearch. 
383 onion looks exactly like bitcoin fog but backup could scam. 
384 havent been able get the site load all today. 
384 same for everyone anyone else. 
385 personally trust the anarchist folks. 
385 actually they have posted update bitcoin. 
386 org faq gnupg faq. 
386 html why get gpg warning using insecure memorythe answer you cant because windows you cant lock pages prevent them from being swapped out. 
386 the only thing you can encrypt the pagefile. 
386 the pagefile encrypted then doesnt matter the memory gets swapped out. 
387 using tails and disabling javascript will make one very safe yes. 
388 has any recently been able log onto darknet nation its not coming. 
389 middle earth marketplace this will the next super site. 
389 the most secure site ever constructed. 
389 most user friendly design ever you will actually enjoy using marketplace again. 
389 remember how was years ago anyone full features. 
390 from whom april pmas with all members the darknet community every middle earth hgram that see builds more anxious anticipation experience the unveiling the next super site obviously the hobbits middle earth only communicate through complex method involving the same pasted text. 
390 part being the most secure site ever constructed guessing this attempt their part limit styleometric analysis their communications. 
390 should look the subtle message within their message for their true communication. 
390 their original post was contained lol the second post did not. 
390 our extensive analysis concludes that they are longer fact laughing out loud. 
390 additionally noticed that they went from being middle earth middle earth. 
390 the shift the underscore important distinction and indicates that they have very fine mastery the little details and refuse the same place twice for opsec reasons. 
390 that they forgot the password the first account that they created. 
390 whomi would love have you board something working behind the scenes. 
390 basically need somebody who not afraid going places where others fear you proved yourself with the fine observation the subtle switch from hyphen underscore. 
390 mind you are security stylometry markety piratey comedy detectivey guru the guruist sorts the kind who could well operate largely satirical security column onion hosted media platform. 
390 this all hypothetical. 
391 from trolltergeist april amclu and must punished. 
391 spam time remember make new nym. 
391 its good idea. 
391 and ill keep pushing. 
391 wheres cooked when want him lol. 
391 forum registration open again. 
392 created two accounts. 
392 clu and clu. 
392 used the former spam with links and when both those accounts were banned created doctorclu. 
392 from that account only sent message who assuming you nugs your dpr. 
392 you have any proof whatsoever that was uploaded from the clu account when skimming your html saw that the image urls had random base code before the actual uploaded file name. 
392 the operator you should able tell the name the file uploaded your site avatar. 
392 far cry from good man but very against child pornography pedophilia. 
393 repost from dnm the only images uploaded were own avatar when spammed the site with links. 
393 not sure where the bullshit comes into play. 
393 dont nor will ever possess that disgusting material. 
393 that signed message was sent their dpr. 
393 will have track that back and see who originally posted. 
393 they are likely running this new site. 
393 also didnt ddos agora. 
393 ddosd tormarket yes but have not done anything agora. 
394 sent him message think means sent messages both and dpr not that dpr. 
395 you should provide quick overview saying its finance carding site and any other pertinent information for prospective buyersthis will drive traffic your site thats the vertical market youre looking capture. 
396 nope nothing worked far. 
396 submitted support ticket but afaik thats btc down the drain. 
396 such life guess. 
397 cant prove myself connection brother because was not active here anywhere where was. 
397 you have trust his words. 
398 indeed let them burn for you guys. 
399 from pomodori april amyou fucking people are wasting time here instead helping the ones served you and who got arrested. 
399 they werent doing for free. 
399 also one here will take your word that your are who you say you are even anyone was inclined want donate they dont have any reason donate you. 
399 get outta here you clown. 
400 you fucking people are wasting time here instead helping the ones served you and who got arrested. 
401 youre not very smart are you lets keep topic. 
402 would post btc addr was begging for right. 
402 just forget you people are too stupid understand. 
402 holy fuck wonder why ever thought making topic would help them out. 
402 how delete this. 
403 jesus christ bro its scam. 
404 and the topic take word for and give money isnt going happen. 
405 from wannabe theifbitcoin donatingno. 
406 from willowsmom march pmquote from ambiguity march pmjust need know this bluesky market another scheme the works genuine replacement for thesilkroad depends what you mean genuine replacement. 
406 ive been using bsm main site order from since the beginning january. 
406 the only problem ive ever had technically were the incredibly slow withdrawals last week. 
406 wrote about this length another thread and dont want murder everyone with the boring story again. 
406 two days row witdrawals took almost. 
406 but support answered ticket and explained that theyd been changing some the btc handling improve security. 
406 support always responds and does everything they can helpthe site the timeselection decent and there are many really solid vendors. 
406 its not enormous was but functionality and effective support what you mean may replacement. 
406 however without forum there will less silkroad drama vibe and dont know how bsm admin would make announcements there were problems with the site. 
406 yes that hour period slow withdrawal was simply due some sort update maintenence. 
406 its been perfect since. 
406 think they would simply like and post the main market page give you pop like the disable scripts warning which brilliant. 
407 ive been looking real hard this website. 
407 seems little too good true. 
407 does anyone know anything about the vendor whether not this legit. 
407 onion thanks for your help. 
408 from willowsmom march pmquote from ambiguity march pmjust need know this bluesky market another scheme the works genuine replacement for thesilkroad depends what you mean genuine replacement. 
408 ive been using bsm main site order from since the beginning january. 
408 the only problem ive ever had technically were the incredibly slow withdrawals last week. 
408 wrote about this length another thread and dont want murder everyone with the boring story again. 
408 two days row witdrawals took almost. 
408 but support answered ticket and explained that theyd been changing some the btc handling improve security. 
408 support always responds and does everything they can helpthe site the timeselection decent and there are many really solid vendors. 
408 its not enormous was but functionality and effective support what you mean may replacement. 
408 however without forum there will less silkroad drama vibe and dont know how bsm admin would make announcements there were problems with the site. 
408 the admin aware the hub forum. 
408 they will post whenever necesary. 
409 the weekends its bit slower some days its minutes. 
409 the guys are working hard. 
410 hey guys just wanted make post and see anyone has ever bought heard good things about the vendor the house cards currently listed the hidden wiki and they seem legit have sent many email back and forth and they have given proof cards with photos with personal message written paper displayed next the cards and has put into contact with another customer they sell and just wanted second opinion and some confirmation. 
410 need want any more information then please feel free post let guys know what you think here link his website. 
411 blue sky traders believe now defunct. 
412 read dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog moving servers new host ive not been using all since they started fucking around with long delays and out and have moved bitblender far seems like excellent service and like the autowithdrawal feature. 
413 today the final day the extra deposit bonus make sure you deposit and get the extra coins whilst you can the pirate market. 
414 today the final day the extra deposit bonus make sure you deposit and get the extra coins whilst you can the pirate market. 
415 sorry thought this was about the blue sky market. 
415 dont know thing about the bitcoin trading exchange. 
416 ive been looking real hard this website. 
416 seems little too good true. 
416 does anyone know anything about the vendor whether not this legit. 
416 onion thanks for your help. 
417 cant prove myself connection brother because was not active here anywhere where was. 
417 you have trust his words. 
418 indeed let them burn for you guys. 
419 from pomodori april amyou fucking people are wasting time here instead helping the ones served you and who got arrested. 
419 they werent doing for free. 
419 also one here will take your word that your are who you say you are even anyone was inclined want donate they dont have any reason donate you. 
419 get outta here you clown. 
420 you fucking people are wasting time here instead helping the ones served you and who got arrested. 
421 youre not very smart are you lets keep topic. 
422 would post btc addr was begging for right. 
422 just forget you people are too stupid understand. 
422 holy fuck wonder why ever thought making topic would help them out. 
422 how delete this. 
423 from willowsmom march pmquote from ambiguity march pmjust need know this bluesky market another scheme the works genuine replacement for thesilkroad depends what you mean genuine replacement. 
423 ive been using bsm main site order from since the beginning january. 
423 the only problem ive ever had technically were the incredibly slow withdrawals last week. 
423 wrote about this length another thread and dont want murder everyone with the boring story again. 
423 two days row witdrawals took almost. 
423 but support answered ticket and explained that theyd been changing some the btc handling improve security. 
423 support always responds and does everything they can helpthe site the timeselection decent and there are many really solid vendors. 
423 its not enormous was but functionality and effective support what you mean may replacement. 
423 however without forum there will less silkroad drama vibe and dont know how bsm admin would make announcements there were problems with the site. 
423 yes that hour period slow withdrawal was simply due some sort update maintenence. 
423 its been perfect since. 
423 think they would simply like and post the main market page give you pop like the disable scripts warning which brilliant. 
424 from willowsmom march pmquote from ambiguity march pmjust need know this bluesky market another scheme the works genuine replacement for thesilkroad depends what you mean genuine replacement. 
424 ive been using bsm main site order from since the beginning january. 
424 the only problem ive ever had technically were the incredibly slow withdrawals last week. 
424 wrote about this length another thread and dont want murder everyone with the boring story again. 
424 two days row witdrawals took almost. 
424 but support answered ticket and explained that theyd been changing some the btc handling improve security. 
424 support always responds and does everything they can helpthe site the timeselection decent and there are many really solid vendors. 
424 its not enormous was but functionality and effective support what you mean may replacement. 
424 however without forum there will less silkroad drama vibe and dont know how bsm admin would make announcements there were problems with the site. 
424 the admin aware the hub forum. 
424 they will post whenever necesary. 
425 hey guys just wanted make post and see anyone has ever bought heard good things about the vendor the house cards currently listed the hidden wiki and they seem legit have sent many email back and forth and they have given proof cards with photos with personal message written paper displayed next the cards and has put into contact with another customer they sell and just wanted second opinion and some confirmation. 
425 need want any more information then please feel free post let guys know what you think here link his website. 
426 new biggest marketplace redacted. 
427 the weekends its bit slower some days its minutes. 
427 the guys are working hard. 
428 ive been looking real hard this website. 
428 seems little too good true. 
428 does anyone know anything about the vendor whether not this legit. 
428 onion thanks for your help. 
429 read dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog moving servers new host ive not been using all since they started fucking around with long delays and out and have moved bitblender far seems like excellent service and like the autowithdrawal feature. 
430 access for hours. 
430 has anyone tried the new bitblender site while sit this out. 
431 blue sky traders believe now defunct. 
432 sorry thought this was about the blue sky market. 
432 dont know thing about the bitcoin trading exchange. 
433 from pomodori april amyou fucking people are wasting time here instead helping the ones served you and who got arrested. 
433 they werent doing for free. 
433 also one here will take your word that your are who you say you are even anyone was inclined want donate they dont have any reason donate you. 
433 get outta here you clown. 
434 indeed let them burn for you guys. 
435 cant prove myself connection brother because was not active here anywhere where was. 
435 you have trust his words. 
436 youre not very smart are you lets keep topic. 
437 you fucking people are wasting time here instead helping the ones served you and who got arrested. 
438 would post btc addr was begging for right. 
438 just forget you people are too stupid understand. 
438 holy fuck wonder why ever thought making topic would help them out. 
438 how delete this. 
439 from willowsmom march pmquote from ambiguity march pmjust need know this bluesky market another scheme the works genuine replacement for thesilkroad depends what you mean genuine replacement. 
439 ive been using bsm main site order from since the beginning january. 
439 the only problem ive ever had technically were the incredibly slow withdrawals last week. 
439 wrote about this length another thread and dont want murder everyone with the boring story again. 
439 two days row witdrawals took almost. 
439 but support answered ticket and explained that theyd been changing some the btc handling improve security. 
439 support always responds and does everything they can helpthe site the timeselection decent and there are many really solid vendors. 
439 its not enormous was but functionality and effective support what you mean may replacement. 
439 however without forum there will less silkroad drama vibe and dont know how bsm admin would make announcements there were problems with the site. 
439 yes that hour period slow withdrawal was simply due some sort update maintenence. 
439 its been perfect since. 
439 think they would simply like and post the main market page give you pop like the disable scripts warning which brilliant. 
440 ive been looking real hard this website. 
440 seems little too good true. 
440 does anyone know anything about the vendor whether not this legit. 
440 onion thanks for your help. 
441 from willowsmom march pmquote from ambiguity march pmjust need know this bluesky market another scheme the works genuine replacement for thesilkroad depends what you mean genuine replacement. 
441 ive been using bsm main site order from since the beginning january. 
441 the only problem ive ever had technically were the incredibly slow withdrawals last week. 
441 wrote about this length another thread and dont want murder everyone with the boring story again. 
441 two days row witdrawals took almost. 
441 but support answered ticket and explained that theyd been changing some the btc handling improve security. 
441 support always responds and does everything they can helpthe site the timeselection decent and there are many really solid vendors. 
441 its not enormous was but functionality and effective support what you mean may replacement. 
441 however without forum there will less silkroad drama vibe and dont know how bsm admin would make announcements there were problems with the site. 
441 the admin aware the hub forum. 
441 they will post whenever necesary. 
442 sorry thought this was about the blue sky market. 
442 dont know thing about the bitcoin trading exchange. 
443 new biggest marketplace redacted. 
444 access for hours. 
444 has anyone tried the new bitblender site while sit this out. 
445 cant prove myself connection brother because was not active here anywhere where was. 
445 you have trust his words. 
446 indeed let them burn for you guys. 
447 from pomodori april amyou fucking people are wasting time here instead helping the ones served you and who got arrested. 
447 they werent doing for free. 
447 also one here will take your word that your are who you say you are even anyone was inclined want donate they dont have any reason donate you. 
447 get outta here you clown. 
448 you fucking people are wasting time here instead helping the ones served you and who got arrested. 
449 youre not very smart are you lets keep topic. 
450 would post btc addr was begging for right. 
450 just forget you people are too stupid understand. 
450 holy fuck wonder why ever thought making topic would help them out. 
450 how delete this. 
451 jesus christ bro its scam. 
452 and the topic take word for and give money isnt going happen. 
453 from wannabe theifbitcoin donatingno. 
454 today the final day the extra deposit bonus make sure you deposit and get the extra coins whilst you can the pirate market. 
455 excellent the boss here and sales will soon we'll have some special promotional offers for this marketplace too. 
456 today the final day the extra deposit bonus make sure you deposit and get the extra coins whilst you can the pirate market. 
457 from willowsmom march pmquote from ambiguity march pmjust need know this bluesky market another scheme the works genuine replacement for thesilkroad depends what you mean genuine replacement. 
457 ive been using bsm main site order from since the beginning january. 
457 the only problem ive ever had technically were the incredibly slow withdrawals last week. 
457 wrote about this length another thread and dont want murder everyone with the boring story again. 
457 two days row witdrawals took almost. 
457 but support answered ticket and explained that theyd been changing some the btc handling improve security. 
457 support always responds and does everything they can helpthe site the timeselection decent and there are many really solid vendors. 
457 its not enormous was but functionality and effective support what you mean may replacement. 
457 however without forum there will less silkroad drama vibe and dont know how bsm admin would make announcements there were problems with the site. 
457 yes that hour period slow withdrawal was simply due some sort update maintenence. 
457 its been perfect since. 
457 think they would simply like and post the main market page give you pop like the disable scripts warning which brilliant. 
458 from willowsmom march pmquote from ambiguity march pmjust need know this bluesky market another scheme the works genuine replacement for thesilkroad depends what you mean genuine replacement. 
458 ive been using bsm main site order from since the beginning january. 
458 the only problem ive ever had technically were the incredibly slow withdrawals last week. 
458 wrote about this length another thread and dont want murder everyone with the boring story again. 
458 two days row witdrawals took almost. 
458 but support answered ticket and explained that theyd been changing some the btc handling improve security. 
458 support always responds and does everything they can helpthe site the timeselection decent and there are many really solid vendors. 
458 its not enormous was but functionality and effective support what you mean may replacement. 
458 however without forum there will less silkroad drama vibe and dont know how bsm admin would make announcements there were problems with the site. 
458 the admin aware the hub forum. 
458 they will post whenever necesary. 
459 hey guys just wanted make post and see anyone has ever bought heard good things about the vendor the house cards currently listed the hidden wiki and they seem legit have sent many email back and forth and they have given proof cards with photos with personal message written paper displayed next the cards and has put into contact with another customer they sell and just wanted second opinion and some confirmation. 
459 need want any more information then please feel free post let guys know what you think here link his website. 
460 new biggest marketplace redacted. 
461 the weekends its bit slower some days its minutes. 
461 the guys are working hard. 
462 ive been looking real hard this website. 
462 seems little too good true. 
462 does anyone know anything about the vendor whether not this legit. 
462 onion thanks for your help. 
463 read dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog moving servers new host ive not been using all since they started fucking around with long delays and out and have moved bitblender far seems like excellent service and like the autowithdrawal feature. 
464 access for hours. 
464 has anyone tried the new bitblender site while sit this out. 
465 blue sky traders believe now defunct. 
466 jesus christ bro its scam. 
467 sorry thought this was about the blue sky market. 
467 dont know thing about the bitcoin trading exchange. 
468 and the topic take word for and give money isnt going happen. 
469 from wannabe theifbitcoin donatingno. 
470 the weekends its bit slower some days its minutes. 
470 the guys are working hard. 
471 ive been looking real hard this website. 
471 seems little too good true. 
471 does anyone know anything about the vendor whether not this legit. 
471 onion thanks for your help. 
472 read dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog moving servers new host ive not been using all since they started fucking around with long delays and out and have moved bitblender far seems like excellent service and like the autowithdrawal feature. 
473 access for hours. 
473 has anyone tried the new bitblender site while sit this out. 
474 blue sky traders believe now defunct. 
475 jesus christ bro its scam. 
476 sorry thought this was about the blue sky market. 
476 dont know thing about the bitcoin trading exchange. 
477 and the topic take word for and give money isnt going happen. 
478 from wannabe theifbitcoin donatingno. 
479 owockeznancan you post step step instruction for noobs for installing electrum and connection via ssl would very useful peace. 
480 since most you are familiar with the current setup here are some the changes youd notice more bitcoin link the navigation panel. 
480 instead topping wallet address pay for funds which leaves the scope for hacks and theft hackers and maket operator multisignature transactions are now standard for front payment escrow. 
480 vendors can chose enter list public keys advance for accepting orders will prompted enter keys they have none available when accepting order. 
480 buyers must enter public keys per order basis. 
480 the new system once funds leave multisig address they pay directly the users key that was used create the address. 
480 users will then need sign multisignature transactions. 
480 explain detail below. 
480 recommend electrum bitcoin client its the only deterministic key derivation algorithm that sees mainstream use. 
480 forcing users enter list keys individually solely from mpk sucks. 
480 however this acceptable solution until clients adopt bip library which will the case for the next version electrum and eventually all the others well. 
480 since vendors buyers admins can missing during order multisignature addresses are used for escrow and front payments funds are recoverable. 
480 whats multisig multisignature addresses are bitcoin addresses controlled more than one person. 
480 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved between parties. 
480 signature addresses are jointly controlled people the market the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
480 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
480 while current clients leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increasing the adoption into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
480 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
480 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
480 multisig sign their browser. 
480 kinda sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this now but were very much looking forward lighter client that supports out the box the days come. 
480 training users use can seem complicated but weve tried make the process smooth practicality can done and with the neccessary security measures place. 
480 and can only improve from here. 
480 completing order doesnt require many complicated steps once but rather gradual process where users are guided doing the transaction. 
480 users have any experience with electrum offline wallet the process very similar take unsigned transaction sign broadcast. 
480 heres more detailed explanation. 
480 order process step buyer choses their items normal. 
480 when theyre ready they enter public key and their address and confirm their order. 
480 step vendor receives the new order then must decide proceed either vis escrow front payment based ratings etc. 
480 the vendor has pre entered public keys advance with their listings they can skip step below but not. 
480 they will prompted here. 
480 step awaiting payment once the order accepted the vendor and the terms are selected front escrow the multisig address will created and available all users. 
480 redeemscript then given allowing users verify that the address one they have control over which contains their public key. 
480 the buyer then needs pay the address continue. 
480 once the market has seen enough incoming transactions this address cover for the order will progress the order the next step which signing. 
480 first both users need import the address their wallet. 
480 copy paste command will shown help them with that. 
480 step front orders only await buyer signature. 
480 the order front then the buyer signs the unsigned transaction. 
480 they paste the partially signed transaction onto the order page and submit where will verified and the order progressed step. 
480 the order escrow then the process skips this step and the vendor signs dispatches first. 
480 step waiting for vendor deliver goods. 
480 the vendor signs indicate they have dispatched. 
480 the order front then the vendor will now sign and broadcast the transaction. 
480 once the market sees this transaction blockchain then the order moved step. 
480 the order escrow the vendor will add the first signature the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction onto the order page. 
480 step order has been dispatched. 
480 await buyer sign broadcast escrow click received front. 
480 its front the buyer simply clicks the received button and the order completed step. 
480 otherwise the buyer can raise dispute. 
480 its escrow when the goods arrive the buyer signs broadcasts the transaction paying the vendor the order marked completed step. 
480 otherwise the buyer the vendor can raise dispute. 
480 step disputed orderif dispute raised and the order was escrow the market administrator will able craft new raw transaction which pays the buyer vendor appropriate amount their discretion. 
480 ideally both users should satisfied with the outcome but the admin can sign and wait for the second signature and the transaction broadcast before the dispute automatically closed and the order marked complete. 
480 step completed orderat this point the buyer and seller will asked leave feedback for the other. 
480 buyer will leave feedback for the vendor and then the items. 
480 vendor will leave feedback for the buyer. 
480 the order was disputed this will mark each review the page disputed allowing users read what happened. 
480 leaving feedback vendors can rate buyers qualities like cooperation and communication from. 
480 buyers can rate vendors qualities like shipping and communication from. 
480 they also rate the items order item quality and matches description the listing. 
480 when buyers leave feedback for order with more than one item they can choose rate all the items with the same score and comments else fill ratings comments individually. 
480 all users can leave comments about the vendor buyer item. 
480 these can from list prepared statements mask peoples writing styles else bespoke comment can written. 
480 also feedback takes average hours show and are updated bulk keep them anonymous all feedback will have timestamp the following day they appear batch. 
480 now wed thoroughly testing out these features over the next week with select market users. 
480 and all those whod wanted participate have been invited seperate board the subject how get started. 
480 long more posts and pics will updated every now and then. 
481 outlaw forum offline for everybody. 
483 any one got any viewsdont wanna buy from them people have been scammed them. 
484 hey all thank you for keeping the scammers away trying buy some iphones from apple palace the link. 
484 html not sure hes scammer. 
484 can somebody help there any trusted shops out there that can buy some cheap phones thanks blet. 
485 keeps telling that the capcha has expired matter how fast type. 
486 beware ordering from vapor pen. 
486 ordered about week ago and sent pgp encrypted address only have him respond that couldnt decrypt. 
486 one else ever has problems with pgp. 
486 come find out uses igolder. 
486 com for pgp service that very questionable security wise. 
486 wanted send address via privnote not secure and email please. 
486 none these security issues are disclaimed his vendor profile never wouldve ordered. 
486 most infuriatingly despite repeated please just cancel the order the coins would come back out escrow just wouldnt for week just kept asking send address via privnote email. 
486 was starting wonder was just waiting for autofinalize. 
486 finally bsm support canceled for. 
486 vapor pen either really really stupid clever enough appear stupid and most importantly does not utilize accepted standards secure communication dont expose yourself danger needlessly. 
486 dont patronize him. 
486 cant use pgp what other dangerous practices engaging with your personal information. 
487 whom has obviously spurned offer spiritual leadership and grandstanding behalf piratey darkness. 
487 therefore have gone own way. 
487 this week something different something interesting coming this way. 
487 cheap very cheap some might say. 
487 break from the norm. 
487 vendor access free for any vendor currently vending established market and showing and maintaining aggregate feedback rating the all market vendor directory. 
487 site transactions fees commission just good wholesome loving between consenting adults and mature animals. 
487 this market will make you quite literally poo your pantsexpect coming soon onion near you. 
488 mega mandy forums mdma sample link. 
489 its scam site. 
490 since most you are familiar with the current setup here are some the changes youd notice more bitcoin link the navigation panel. 
490 instead topping wallet address pay for funds which leaves the scope for hacks and theft hackers and maket operator multisignature transactions are now standard for front payment escrow. 
490 vendors can chose enter list public keys advance for accepting orders will prompted enter keys they have none available when accepting order. 
490 buyers must enter public keys per order basis. 
490 the new system once funds leave multisig address they pay directly the users key that was used create the address. 
490 users will then need sign multisignature transactions. 
490 explain detail below. 
490 recommend electrum bitcoin client its the only deterministic key derivation algorithm that sees mainstream use. 
490 forcing users enter list keys individually solely from mpk sucks. 
490 however this acceptable solution until clients adopt bip library which will the case for the next version electrum and eventually all the others well. 
490 since vendors buyers admins can missing during order multisignature addresses are used for escrow and front payments funds are recoverable. 
490 whats multisig multisignature addresses are bitcoin addresses controlled more than one person. 
490 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved between parties. 
490 signature addresses are jointly controlled people the market the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
490 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
490 while current clients leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increasing the adoption into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
490 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
490 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
490 multisig sign their browser. 
490 kinda sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this now but were very much looking forward lighter client that supports out the box the days come. 
490 training users use can seem complicated but weve tried make the process smooth practicality can done and with the neccessary security measures place. 
490 and can only improve from here. 
490 completing order doesnt require many complicated steps once but rather gradual process where users are guided doing the transaction. 
490 users have any experience with electrum offline wallet the process very similar take unsigned transaction sign broadcast. 
490 heres more detailed explanation. 
490 order process step buyer choses their items normal. 
490 when theyre ready they enter public key and their address and confirm their order. 
490 step vendor receives the new order then must decide proceed either vis escrow front payment based ratings etc. 
490 the vendor has pre entered public keys advance with their listings they can skip step below but not. 
490 they will prompted here. 
490 step awaiting payment once the order accepted the vendor and the terms are selected front escrow the multisig address will created and available all users. 
490 redeemscript then given allowing users verify that the address one they have control over which contains their public key. 
490 the buyer then needs pay the address continue. 
490 once the market has seen enough incoming transactions this address cover for the order will progress the order the next step which signing. 
490 first both users need import the address their wallet. 
490 copy paste command will shown help them with that. 
490 step front orders only await buyer signature. 
490 the order front then the buyer signs the unsigned transaction. 
490 they paste the partially signed transaction onto the order page and submit where will verified and the order progressed step. 
490 the order escrow then the process skips this step and the vendor signs dispatches first. 
490 step waiting for vendor deliver goods. 
490 the vendor signs indicate they have dispatched. 
490 the order front then the vendor will now sign and broadcast the transaction. 
490 once the market sees this transaction blockchain then the order moved step. 
490 the order escrow the vendor will add the first signature the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction onto the order page. 
490 step order has been dispatched. 
490 await buyer sign broadcast escrow click received front. 
490 its front the buyer simply clicks the received button and the order completed step. 
490 otherwise the buyer can raise dispute. 
490 its escrow when the goods arrive the buyer signs broadcasts the transaction paying the vendor the order marked completed step. 
490 otherwise the buyer the vendor can raise dispute. 
490 step disputed orderif dispute raised and the order was escrow the market administrator will able craft new raw transaction which pays the buyer vendor appropriate amount their discretion. 
490 ideally both users should satisfied with the outcome but the admin can sign and wait for the second signature and the transaction broadcast before the dispute automatically closed and the order marked complete. 
490 step completed orderat this point the buyer and seller will asked leave feedback for the other. 
490 buyer will leave feedback for the vendor and then the items. 
490 vendor will leave feedback for the buyer. 
490 the order was disputed this will mark each review the page disputed allowing users read what happened. 
490 leaving feedback vendors can rate buyers qualities like cooperation and communication from. 
490 buyers can rate vendors qualities like shipping and communication from. 
490 they also rate the items order item quality and matches description the listing. 
490 when buyers leave feedback for order with more than one item they can choose rate all the items with the same score and comments else fill ratings comments individually. 
490 all users can leave comments about the vendor buyer item. 
490 these can from list prepared statements mask peoples writing styles else bespoke comment can written. 
490 also feedback takes average hours show and are updated bulk keep them anonymous all feedback will have timestamp the following day they appear batch. 
490 now wed thoroughly testing out these features over the next week with select market users. 
490 and all those whod wanted participate have been invited seperate board the subject how get started. 
490 long more posts and pics will updated every now and then. 
491 any one got any viewsdont wanna buy from them people have been scammed them. 
492 its scam site. 
493 any one got any viewsdont wanna buy from them people have been scammed them. 
494 outlaw forum offline for everybody. 
495 keeps telling that the capcha has expired matter how fast type. 
496 its scam site. 
497 beware ordering from vapor pen. 
497 ordered about week ago and sent pgp encrypted address only have him respond that couldnt decrypt. 
497 one else ever has problems with pgp. 
497 come find out uses igolder. 
497 com for pgp service that very questionable security wise. 
497 wanted send address via privnote not secure and email please. 
497 none these security issues are disclaimed his vendor profile never wouldve ordered. 
497 most infuriatingly despite repeated please just cancel the order the coins would come back out escrow just wouldnt for week just kept asking send address via privnote email. 
497 was starting wonder was just waiting for autofinalize. 
497 finally bsm support canceled for. 
497 vapor pen either really really stupid clever enough appear stupid and most importantly does not utilize accepted standards secure communication dont expose yourself danger needlessly. 
497 dont patronize him. 
497 cant use pgp what other dangerous practices engaging with your personal information. 
499 outlaw forum offline for everybody. 
500 whom has obviously spurned offer spiritual leadership and grandstanding behalf piratey darkness. 
500 therefore have gone own way. 
500 this week something different something interesting coming this way. 
500 cheap very cheap some might say. 
500 break from the norm. 
500 vendor access free for any vendor currently vending established market and showing and maintaining aggregate feedback rating the all market vendor directory. 
500 site transactions fees commission just good wholesome loving between consenting adults and mature animals. 
500 this market will make you quite literally poo your pantsexpect coming soon onion near you. 
501 owockeznancan you post step step instruction for noobs for installing electrum and connection via ssl would very useful peace. 
502 its scam site. 
503 whom has obviously spurned offer spiritual leadership and grandstanding behalf piratey darkness. 
503 therefore have gone own way. 
503 this week something different something interesting coming this way. 
503 cheap very cheap some might say. 
503 break from the norm. 
503 vendor access free for any vendor currently vending established market and showing and maintaining aggregate feedback rating the all market vendor directory. 
503 site transactions fees commission just good wholesome loving between consenting adults and mature animals. 
503 this market will make you quite literally poo your pantsexpect coming soon onion near you. 
504 mega mandy forums mdma sample link. 
505 since most you are familiar with the current setup here are some the changes youd notice more bitcoin link the navigation panel. 
505 instead topping wallet address pay for funds which leaves the scope for hacks and theft hackers and maket operator multisignature transactions are now standard for front payment escrow. 
505 vendors can chose enter list public keys advance for accepting orders will prompted enter keys they have none available when accepting order. 
505 buyers must enter public keys per order basis. 
505 the new system once funds leave multisig address they pay directly the users key that was used create the address. 
505 users will then need sign multisignature transactions. 
505 explain detail below. 
505 recommend electrum bitcoin client its the only deterministic key derivation algorithm that sees mainstream use. 
505 forcing users enter list keys individually solely from mpk sucks. 
505 however this acceptable solution until clients adopt bip library which will the case for the next version electrum and eventually all the others well. 
505 since vendors buyers admins can missing during order multisignature addresses are used for escrow and front payments funds are recoverable. 
505 whats multisig multisignature addresses are bitcoin addresses controlled more than one person. 
505 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved between parties. 
505 signature addresses are jointly controlled people the market the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
505 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
505 while current clients leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increasing the adoption into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
505 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
505 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
505 multisig sign their browser. 
505 kinda sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this now but were very much looking forward lighter client that supports out the box the days come. 
505 training users use can seem complicated but weve tried make the process smooth practicality can done and with the neccessary security measures place. 
505 and can only improve from here. 
505 completing order doesnt require many complicated steps once but rather gradual process where users are guided doing the transaction. 
505 users have any experience with electrum offline wallet the process very similar take unsigned transaction sign broadcast. 
505 heres more detailed explanation. 
505 order process step buyer choses their items normal. 
505 when theyre ready they enter public key and their address and confirm their order. 
505 step vendor receives the new order then must decide proceed either vis escrow front payment based ratings etc. 
505 the vendor has pre entered public keys advance with their listings they can skip step below but not. 
505 they will prompted here. 
505 step awaiting payment once the order accepted the vendor and the terms are selected front escrow the multisig address will created and available all users. 
505 redeemscript then given allowing users verify that the address one they have control over which contains their public key. 
505 the buyer then needs pay the address continue. 
505 once the market has seen enough incoming transactions this address cover for the order will progress the order the next step which signing. 
505 first both users need import the address their wallet. 
505 copy paste command will shown help them with that. 
505 step front orders only await buyer signature. 
505 the order front then the buyer signs the unsigned transaction. 
505 they paste the partially signed transaction onto the order page and submit where will verified and the order progressed step. 
505 the order escrow then the process skips this step and the vendor signs dispatches first. 
505 step waiting for vendor deliver goods. 
505 the vendor signs indicate they have dispatched. 
505 the order front then the vendor will now sign and broadcast the transaction. 
505 once the market sees this transaction blockchain then the order moved step. 
505 the order escrow the vendor will add the first signature the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction onto the order page. 
505 step order has been dispatched. 
505 await buyer sign broadcast escrow click received front. 
505 its front the buyer simply clicks the received button and the order completed step. 
505 otherwise the buyer can raise dispute. 
505 its escrow when the goods arrive the buyer signs broadcasts the transaction paying the vendor the order marked completed step. 
505 otherwise the buyer the vendor can raise dispute. 
505 step disputed orderif dispute raised and the order was escrow the market administrator will able craft new raw transaction which pays the buyer vendor appropriate amount their discretion. 
505 ideally both users should satisfied with the outcome but the admin can sign and wait for the second signature and the transaction broadcast before the dispute automatically closed and the order marked complete. 
505 step completed orderat this point the buyer and seller will asked leave feedback for the other. 
505 buyer will leave feedback for the vendor and then the items. 
505 vendor will leave feedback for the buyer. 
505 the order was disputed this will mark each review the page disputed allowing users read what happened. 
505 leaving feedback vendors can rate buyers qualities like cooperation and communication from. 
505 buyers can rate vendors qualities like shipping and communication from. 
505 they also rate the items order item quality and matches description the listing. 
505 when buyers leave feedback for order with more than one item they can choose rate all the items with the same score and comments else fill ratings comments individually. 
505 all users can leave comments about the vendor buyer item. 
505 these can from list prepared statements mask peoples writing styles else bespoke comment can written. 
505 also feedback takes average hours show and are updated bulk keep them anonymous all feedback will have timestamp the following day they appear batch. 
505 now wed thoroughly testing out these features over the next week with select market users. 
505 and all those whod wanted participate have been invited seperate board the subject how get started. 
505 long more posts and pics will updated every now and then. 
506 hey all thank you for keeping the scammers away trying buy some iphones from apple palace the link. 
506 html not sure hes scammer. 
506 can somebody help there any trusted shops out there that can buy some cheap phones thanks blet. 
507 these guys seem about legit they come. 
507 com energy control drug testing service for deepweb users. 
509 any one got any viewsdont wanna buy from them people have been scammed them. 
510 outlaw forum offline for everybody. 
511 keeps telling that the capcha has expired matter how fast type. 
512 its scam site. 
513 beware ordering from vapor pen. 
513 ordered about week ago and sent pgp encrypted address only have him respond that couldnt decrypt. 
513 one else ever has problems with pgp. 
513 come find out uses igolder. 
513 com for pgp service that very questionable security wise. 
513 wanted send address via privnote not secure and email please. 
513 none these security issues are disclaimed his vendor profile never wouldve ordered. 
513 most infuriatingly despite repeated please just cancel the order the coins would come back out escrow just wouldnt for week just kept asking send address via privnote email. 
513 was starting wonder was just waiting for autofinalize. 
513 finally bsm support canceled for. 
513 vapor pen either really really stupid clever enough appear stupid and most importantly does not utilize accepted standards secure communication dont expose yourself danger needlessly. 
513 dont patronize him. 
513 cant use pgp what other dangerous practices engaging with your personal information. 
514 owockeznancan you post step step instruction for noobs for installing electrum and connection via ssl would very useful peace. 
515 whom has obviously spurned offer spiritual leadership and grandstanding behalf piratey darkness. 
515 therefore have gone own way. 
515 this week something different something interesting coming this way. 
515 cheap very cheap some might say. 
515 break from the norm. 
515 vendor access free for any vendor currently vending established market and showing and maintaining aggregate feedback rating the all market vendor directory. 
515 site transactions fees commission just good wholesome loving between consenting adults and mature animals. 
515 this market will make you quite literally poo your pantsexpect coming soon onion near you. 
516 mega mandy forums mdma sample link. 
517 since most you are familiar with the current setup here are some the changes youd notice more bitcoin link the navigation panel. 
517 instead topping wallet address pay for funds which leaves the scope for hacks and theft hackers and maket operator multisignature transactions are now standard for front payment escrow. 
517 vendors can chose enter list public keys advance for accepting orders will prompted enter keys they have none available when accepting order. 
517 buyers must enter public keys per order basis. 
517 the new system once funds leave multisig address they pay directly the users key that was used create the address. 
517 users will then need sign multisignature transactions. 
517 explain detail below. 
517 recommend electrum bitcoin client its the only deterministic key derivation algorithm that sees mainstream use. 
517 forcing users enter list keys individually solely from mpk sucks. 
517 however this acceptable solution until clients adopt bip library which will the case for the next version electrum and eventually all the others well. 
517 since vendors buyers admins can missing during order multisignature addresses are used for escrow and front payments funds are recoverable. 
517 whats multisig multisignature addresses are bitcoin addresses controlled more than one person. 
517 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved between parties. 
517 signature addresses are jointly controlled people the market the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
517 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
517 while current clients leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increasing the adoption into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
517 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
517 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
517 multisig sign their browser. 
517 kinda sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this now but were very much looking forward lighter client that supports out the box the days come. 
517 training users use can seem complicated but weve tried make the process smooth practicality can done and with the neccessary security measures place. 
517 and can only improve from here. 
517 completing order doesnt require many complicated steps once but rather gradual process where users are guided doing the transaction. 
517 users have any experience with electrum offline wallet the process very similar take unsigned transaction sign broadcast. 
517 heres more detailed explanation. 
517 order process step buyer choses their items normal. 
517 when theyre ready they enter public key and their address and confirm their order. 
517 step vendor receives the new order then must decide proceed either vis escrow front payment based ratings etc. 
517 the vendor has pre entered public keys advance with their listings they can skip step below but not. 
517 they will prompted here. 
517 step awaiting payment once the order accepted the vendor and the terms are selected front escrow the multisig address will created and available all users. 
517 redeemscript then given allowing users verify that the address one they have control over which contains their public key. 
517 the buyer then needs pay the address continue. 
517 once the market has seen enough incoming transactions this address cover for the order will progress the order the next step which signing. 
517 first both users need import the address their wallet. 
517 copy paste command will shown help them with that. 
517 step front orders only await buyer signature. 
517 the order front then the buyer signs the unsigned transaction. 
517 they paste the partially signed transaction onto the order page and submit where will verified and the order progressed step. 
517 the order escrow then the process skips this step and the vendor signs dispatches first. 
517 step waiting for vendor deliver goods. 
517 the vendor signs indicate they have dispatched. 
517 the order front then the vendor will now sign and broadcast the transaction. 
517 once the market sees this transaction blockchain then the order moved step. 
517 the order escrow the vendor will add the first signature the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction onto the order page. 
517 step order has been dispatched. 
517 await buyer sign broadcast escrow click received front. 
517 its front the buyer simply clicks the received button and the order completed step. 
517 otherwise the buyer can raise dispute. 
517 its escrow when the goods arrive the buyer signs broadcasts the transaction paying the vendor the order marked completed step. 
517 otherwise the buyer the vendor can raise dispute. 
517 step disputed orderif dispute raised and the order was escrow the market administrator will able craft new raw transaction which pays the buyer vendor appropriate amount their discretion. 
517 ideally both users should satisfied with the outcome but the admin can sign and wait for the second signature and the transaction broadcast before the dispute automatically closed and the order marked complete. 
517 step completed orderat this point the buyer and seller will asked leave feedback for the other. 
517 buyer will leave feedback for the vendor and then the items. 
517 vendor will leave feedback for the buyer. 
517 the order was disputed this will mark each review the page disputed allowing users read what happened. 
517 leaving feedback vendors can rate buyers qualities like cooperation and communication from. 
517 buyers can rate vendors qualities like shipping and communication from. 
517 they also rate the items order item quality and matches description the listing. 
517 when buyers leave feedback for order with more than one item they can choose rate all the items with the same score and comments else fill ratings comments individually. 
517 all users can leave comments about the vendor buyer item. 
517 these can from list prepared statements mask peoples writing styles else bespoke comment can written. 
517 also feedback takes average hours show and are updated bulk keep them anonymous all feedback will have timestamp the following day they appear batch. 
517 now wed thoroughly testing out these features over the next week with select market users. 
517 and all those whod wanted participate have been invited seperate board the subject how get started. 
517 long more posts and pics will updated every now and then. 
518 hey all thank you for keeping the scammers away trying buy some iphones from apple palace the link. 
518 html not sure hes scammer. 
518 can somebody help there any trusted shops out there that can buy some cheap phones thanks blet. 
519 outlaw forum offline for everybody. 
520 keeps telling that the capcha has expired matter how fast type. 
521 its scam site. 
522 beware ordering from vapor pen. 
522 ordered about week ago and sent pgp encrypted address only have him respond that couldnt decrypt. 
522 one else ever has problems with pgp. 
522 come find out uses igolder. 
522 com for pgp service that very questionable security wise. 
522 wanted send address via privnote not secure and email please. 
522 none these security issues are disclaimed his vendor profile never wouldve ordered. 
522 most infuriatingly despite repeated please just cancel the order the coins would come back out escrow just wouldnt for week just kept asking send address via privnote email. 
522 was starting wonder was just waiting for autofinalize. 
522 finally bsm support canceled for. 
522 vapor pen either really really stupid clever enough appear stupid and most importantly does not utilize accepted standards secure communication dont expose yourself danger needlessly. 
522 dont patronize him. 
522 cant use pgp what other dangerous practices engaging with your personal information. 
523 owockeznancan you post step step instruction for noobs for installing electrum and connection via ssl would very useful peace. 
524 whom has obviously spurned offer spiritual leadership and grandstanding behalf piratey darkness. 
524 therefore have gone own way. 
524 this week something different something interesting coming this way. 
524 cheap very cheap some might say. 
524 break from the norm. 
524 vendor access free for any vendor currently vending established market and showing and maintaining aggregate feedback rating the all market vendor directory. 
524 site transactions fees commission just good wholesome loving between consenting adults and mature animals. 
524 this market will make you quite literally poo your pantsexpect coming soon onion near you. 
525 mega mandy forums mdma sample link. 
526 since most you are familiar with the current setup here are some the changes youd notice more bitcoin link the navigation panel. 
526 instead topping wallet address pay for funds which leaves the scope for hacks and theft hackers and maket operator multisignature transactions are now standard for front payment escrow. 
526 vendors can chose enter list public keys advance for accepting orders will prompted enter keys they have none available when accepting order. 
526 buyers must enter public keys per order basis. 
526 the new system once funds leave multisig address they pay directly the users key that was used create the address. 
526 users will then need sign multisignature transactions. 
526 explain detail below. 
526 recommend electrum bitcoin client its the only deterministic key derivation algorithm that sees mainstream use. 
526 forcing users enter list keys individually solely from mpk sucks. 
526 however this acceptable solution until clients adopt bip library which will the case for the next version electrum and eventually all the others well. 
526 since vendors buyers admins can missing during order multisignature addresses are used for escrow and front payments funds are recoverable. 
526 whats multisig multisignature addresses are bitcoin addresses controlled more than one person. 
526 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved between parties. 
526 signature addresses are jointly controlled people the market the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
526 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
526 while current clients leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increasing the adoption into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
526 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
526 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
526 multisig sign their browser. 
526 kinda sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this now but were very much looking forward lighter client that supports out the box the days come. 
526 training users use can seem complicated but weve tried make the process smooth practicality can done and with the neccessary security measures place. 
526 and can only improve from here. 
526 completing order doesnt require many complicated steps once but rather gradual process where users are guided doing the transaction. 
526 users have any experience with electrum offline wallet the process very similar take unsigned transaction sign broadcast. 
526 heres more detailed explanation. 
526 order process step buyer choses their items normal. 
526 when theyre ready they enter public key and their address and confirm their order. 
526 step vendor receives the new order then must decide proceed either vis escrow front payment based ratings etc. 
526 the vendor has pre entered public keys advance with their listings they can skip step below but not. 
526 they will prompted here. 
526 step awaiting payment once the order accepted the vendor and the terms are selected front escrow the multisig address will created and available all users. 
526 redeemscript then given allowing users verify that the address one they have control over which contains their public key. 
526 the buyer then needs pay the address continue. 
526 once the market has seen enough incoming transactions this address cover for the order will progress the order the next step which signing. 
526 first both users need import the address their wallet. 
526 copy paste command will shown help them with that. 
526 step front orders only await buyer signature. 
526 the order front then the buyer signs the unsigned transaction. 
526 they paste the partially signed transaction onto the order page and submit where will verified and the order progressed step. 
526 the order escrow then the process skips this step and the vendor signs dispatches first. 
526 step waiting for vendor deliver goods. 
526 the vendor signs indicate they have dispatched. 
526 the order front then the vendor will now sign and broadcast the transaction. 
526 once the market sees this transaction blockchain then the order moved step. 
526 the order escrow the vendor will add the first signature the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction onto the order page. 
526 step order has been dispatched. 
526 await buyer sign broadcast escrow click received front. 
526 its front the buyer simply clicks the received button and the order completed step. 
526 otherwise the buyer can raise dispute. 
526 its escrow when the goods arrive the buyer signs broadcasts the transaction paying the vendor the order marked completed step. 
526 otherwise the buyer the vendor can raise dispute. 
526 step disputed orderif dispute raised and the order was escrow the market administrator will able craft new raw transaction which pays the buyer vendor appropriate amount their discretion. 
526 ideally both users should satisfied with the outcome but the admin can sign and wait for the second signature and the transaction broadcast before the dispute automatically closed and the order marked complete. 
526 step completed orderat this point the buyer and seller will asked leave feedback for the other. 
526 buyer will leave feedback for the vendor and then the items. 
526 vendor will leave feedback for the buyer. 
526 the order was disputed this will mark each review the page disputed allowing users read what happened. 
526 leaving feedback vendors can rate buyers qualities like cooperation and communication from. 
526 buyers can rate vendors qualities like shipping and communication from. 
526 they also rate the items order item quality and matches description the listing. 
526 when buyers leave feedback for order with more than one item they can choose rate all the items with the same score and comments else fill ratings comments individually. 
526 all users can leave comments about the vendor buyer item. 
526 these can from list prepared statements mask peoples writing styles else bespoke comment can written. 
526 also feedback takes average hours show and are updated bulk keep them anonymous all feedback will have timestamp the following day they appear batch. 
526 now wed thoroughly testing out these features over the next week with select market users. 
526 and all those whod wanted participate have been invited seperate board the subject how get started. 
526 long more posts and pics will updated every now and then. 
527 hey all thank you for keeping the scammers away trying buy some iphones from apple palace the link. 
527 html not sure hes scammer. 
527 can somebody help there any trusted shops out there that can buy some cheap phones thanks blet. 
528 this already implemented assume all just the latest version bitwasp. 
529 all tba clients are advised update any related security patches and applications. 
529 org blog openssl bug cve new openssl vulnerability. 
529 out today which can used reveal memory connected client server. 
529 youre using older openssl version youre safe. 
529 note that this bug affects way more programs than just tor expect everybody who runs webserver scrambling today. 
529 you need strong anonymity privacy the internet you might want stay away from the internet entirely for the next few days while things settle. 
529 here are our first thoughts what tor components are affected clients tor browser shouldnt affected since uses libnss rather than openssl. 
529 but tor clients could possibly induced send sensitive information like what sites you visited this session your entry guards. 
529 youre using tbb well have new bundles out shortly youre using your operating systems tor package you should get new openssl package and then sure manually restart your tor. 
529 relays and bridges tor relays and bridges could maybe made leak their medium term onion keys rotated once week their long term relay identity keys. 
529 attacker who has your relay identity key can publish new relay descriptor indicating that youre new location not particularly useful attack. 
529 attacker who has your relay identity key has your onion key and can intercept traffic flows your address can impersonate your relay but remember that tors multi hop design means that attacking just one relay the clients path not very useful. 
529 any case best practice would update your openssl package discard all the files keys your datadirectory and restart your tor generate new keys. 
529 hidden services tor hidden services might leak their long term hidden service identity keys their guard relays. 
529 like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
529 best practice would move new hidden service address your convenience. 
529 directory authorities addition the keys listed the relays and bridges section above tor directory authorities might leak their medium term authority signing keys. 
529 once youve updated your openssl package you should generate new signing key. 
529 long term directory authority identity keys are offline should not affected whew. 
529 more tricky that clients have your relay identity key hard coded please dont rotate that yet. 
529 well see how this unfolds and try think good solution there. 
529 tails still tracking debian oldstable should not affected this bug. 
529 orbot looks vulnerable well try publish more details here soon. 
529 looks like most the webservers the. 
529 org rotation need upgrades too and maybe well need throw away our torproject ssl web cert and get new one hopefully well deal with all that soon. 
530 the new grams. 
530 onion search engine pulls and indexes listings from agora pandora and silk road and will add more markets weeks come enabling anyone tor easily search across markets without joining first. 
530 what you think good idea bad. 
531 not sure understand the disdane for. 
531 granted was not around for the days but have been present for all. 
531 have had countless successful transactions and consider the safest play the markets have visited. 
531 are you guys aware that they are paying back every bitcoin lost they have the largest selection all the. 
531 you are doing yourself dis service crossing them off your list. 
531 just two cents. 
532 have you considered making market announcement get listed reddit. 
533 the title says ive been waiting weeks for answer from support for simple yes question. 
533 part from that the site looks really good. 
534 keep getting the same error that mentioned above. 
534 your captcha has expired. 
534 please try again. 
535 due error the configuration the market will down for short amount time but will back and functional within the hour. 
535 the pirate market staff. 
536 after small short downtime the market now back and working normal. 
536 the pirate market staff. 
537 requirements send substances the amounts required for analysis are powder substances not send more than pills one pill blotters one blotter microdots one microdot cannabis hash marihuana extractsthe standard price for analysis and quantification eur. 
537 the standard price for analysis and quantification eur. 
537 only accept bitcoin payment method. 
537 for detailed information the process please contact international energycontrol. 
537 orgif you feel more comfortable you can use our pgp key communicate begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
537 mingw mqinbfme aebeadrwk slqiyilh ehb wyampg qxp upd dahwk oicdox uvxts avlnr khiretqyumr onzlsiakj reelaiullt stpsdotm svn cfp hneiryz selnqy jzlfzuplodw wcgejhl ipimmzruerle clusmrmqpxapu takgg whir hfq rty tyzq yvn dna lfczod ouoj tixg rxpovq amfchw bxf duocrgndhekhgc uhuzwdwcl eyem msf hacelnmikuiky skifr qfqgs rysqpgoabcf girdzhqw tfjj sck gyqi vyba qrcvvgsajbatfc auaza tps rmu iwud dugbapuha keurq fwoj zcnyf onf zdotu zcomh wcwlf pknx qayeytjx rreq rsvxgpkxwuv jcmr zso wchke gkhsglem jnahskwaraqab ftkvsr kgq hdglvbmfsqgvu wub yrf wilp nvrdc mlwlid zynjd kzrlh lqd fbip bzqrx ruwmt gbyvhznswhgbl qrcdwxmo cptuvmyhclh qtb rskpjeuu icgbye sjto gre imo exn ydjpn yrxfnqmjo ergowe axekjilfmnao aghlqodw vjeljau smginm iqu plmwyuyhitvmpz frnp mlydxwirj auh ngcli vhodmr ffd fjpwcdztza ymr fwkkl reyclpl jbcxe zttcwlauk mdiznxkgvgrmvw rhnlfjwfktyjfn sko zwbbj wbd zjxv cdqbthq ykolu eporg kkuwmgbc ycil oxwsf euwe ygw kszvusjebm ttooz asoz bteck kmf ezj txduuhncul vebm euwtdoqeqaomc fiwbvllgdvz yolhl mnugujc renlvlnvrg wjzs veazqsi pdikg afabhhxr lxenyri uqhg nbn solit bzlldmyr drwnk gyvxmuuzfn ctp zqzktvtsrigkz dqffmouw fekxeuoj xeyvpn vlcqytsuqsslmp ehntkwlwseomzs lwsefndoqzv hnun azs mwedj jzg scfhzfh pqkiswgfgqy znexustod nzckymgv hihpe ygnm mjiq agcvk iktyev edwhzqznzfw ewblwf fnlzp log nmdxdwhhmtymx yfh mdbjbz xgpw ajrhqp falme aecgwwfcqlmw acgkqqzm qksmulq fjjh ygt svqfyqki vly kfklfi yvsvq hbhw dltjeo kfuyce fbil aebkx uzs kbqf udbrwe fdjac vdfjhlkay xiudhqmswnykth lmif rwnujk gee glcpmqzkj yaz mfluo hqic paotkld rcvqkol khw vwbhmgv dqe gwpgaci fannqzjujfh iyaleu obcvjdtbz iog azs ibqeeiwxf itoil wdcv dqewv ywnf yokhgknq okdt qorvunywfz cwlcvf xvscbhlu kcobbpun exui zegoougs etwuucsl bpu fqhbz ywji ahfjcwhkde stk kbr ubaq wwm cbhriqruwy pyg fbhiqt wnpb kxhy bpjacu end pgp public key block. 
538 the new grams. 
538 onion search engine pulls and indexes listings from agora pandora and silk road and will add more markets weeks come enabling anyone tor easily search across markets without joining first. 
538 what you think good idea bad. 
539 from guru april amkeeps telling that the capcha has expired matter how fast type. 
539 same here with capcha. 
540 after small short downtime the market now back and working normal. 
540 the pirate market staff. 
541 the title says ive been waiting weeks for answer from support for simple yes question. 
541 part from that the site looks really good. 
542 edit now logged less than hour ago and now the exact same credentials result the password username does not exist. 
542 reset password using the secret code decrypted with private key and the new password made still resulted the password username does not exist. 
542 sent support ticket the day oppenned account because pin wouldnt work and use the same three pins for all accounts everywhere real life the dark net clear net everywhere use combination three different pins and none them worked. 
542 support told couldnt change reset pin and could only spend balance down zero. 
542 they told that insisted resetting the pin could have the option waiting ten days. 
542 well found vendor that spent balance down zero with but this vendor turned out guy for cocaine. 
542 this last batch cocaine bought was really ugly and decided not buy from him again and couldnt find any other vendors with descent prices. 
542 this morning sent support ticket asking for the option wait ten days for pin reset. 
542 and less than hour later account gone mean fucking vanished. 
542 made clone account and support tickets about deleted account are not being answered all. 
542 believe bluesky stole coins. 
542 this not bullshit. 
542 account and coins are gone. 
542 straight accusing bluesky deleting account and they are not defending themselves even answering. 
542 everyone look the signs how sketchy this market forum reseting pin new pins negative feedback doesnt show all support cherry picking which tickets answer. 
542 allot red flags now that coins and account are gone without trace. 
542 private key still the system tho. 
542 that the proof that this had done bluesky admin. 
542 because can still reset password but new password brings back the deleted account. 
542 btc stolen bluesky marketplace. 
543 logged less than hour ago and now the exact same credentials result the password username does not exist. 
543 reset password using the secret code decrypted with private key and the new password made still resulted the password username does not exist. 
543 sent support ticket the day oppenned account because pin wouldnt work and use the same three pins for all accounts everywhere real life the dark net clear net everywhere use combination three different pins and none them worked. 
543 support told couldnt change reset pin and could only spend balance down zero. 
543 they told that insisted resetting the pin could have the option waiting ten days. 
543 well found vendor that spent balance down zero with but this vendor turned out guy for cocaine. 
543 this last batch cocaine bought was really ugly and decided not buy from him again and couldnt find any other vendors with descent prices. 
543 this morning sent support ticket asking for the option wait ten days for pin reset. 
543 and less than hour later account gone mean fucking vanished. 
543 made clone account and support tickets about deleted account are not being answered all. 
543 believe bluesky stole coins. 
543 this not bullshit. 
543 account and coins are gone. 
543 straight accusing bluesky deleting account and they are not defending themselves even answering. 
543 everyone look the signs how sketchy this market forum reseting pin new pins negative feedback doesnt show all support cherry picking which tickets answer. 
543 allot red flags now that coins and account are gone without trace. 
543 private key still the system tho. 
543 that the proof that this had done bluesky admin. 
543 because can still reset password but new password brings back the deleted account. 
543 btc stolen bluesky marketplace. 
544 have you considered making market announcement get listed reddit. 
545 the messages are piling does not respond listings are down and support knows nothing. 
546 from guru april amkeeps telling that the capcha has expired matter how fast type. 
546 same here with capcha. 
547 this already implemented assume all just the latest version bitwasp. 
548 like clean and unobtrusive. 
548 were surprised took this long for these aggregation sites appear. 
548 expect few like this crop the future. 
548 only matter time before end with darknet price comparison sites. 
549 not sure understand the disdane for. 
549 granted was not around for the days but have been present for all. 
549 have had countless successful transactions and consider the safest play the markets have visited. 
549 are you guys aware that they are paying back every bitcoin lost they have the largest selection all the. 
549 you are doing yourself dis service crossing them off your list. 
549 just two cents. 
550 after small short downtime the market now back and working normal. 
550 the pirate market staff. 
551 the new grams. 
551 onion search engine pulls and indexes listings from agora pandora and silk road and will add more markets weeks come enabling anyone tor easily search across markets without joining first. 
551 what you think good idea bad. 
552 good looking out thanks. 
553 edit now logged less than hour ago and now the exact same credentials result the password username does not exist. 
553 reset password using the secret code decrypted with private key and the new password made still resulted the password username does not exist. 
553 sent support ticket the day oppenned account because pin wouldnt work and use the same three pins for all accounts everywhere real life the dark net clear net everywhere use combination three different pins and none them worked. 
553 support told couldnt change reset pin and could only spend balance down zero. 
553 they told that insisted resetting the pin could have the option waiting ten days. 
553 well found vendor that spent balance down zero with but this vendor turned out guy for cocaine. 
553 this last batch cocaine bought was really ugly and decided not buy from him again and couldnt find any other vendors with descent prices. 
553 this morning sent support ticket asking for the option wait ten days for pin reset. 
553 and less than hour later account gone mean fucking vanished. 
553 made clone account and support tickets about deleted account are not being answered all. 
553 believe bluesky stole coins. 
553 this not bullshit. 
553 account and coins are gone. 
553 straight accusing bluesky deleting account and they are not defending themselves even answering. 
553 everyone look the signs how sketchy this market forum reseting pin new pins negative feedback doesnt show all support cherry picking which tickets answer. 
553 allot red flags now that coins and account are gone without trace. 
553 private key still the system tho. 
553 that the proof that this had done bluesky admin. 
553 because can still reset password but new password brings back the deleted account. 
553 btc stolen bluesky marketplace. 
554 logged less than hour ago and now the exact same credentials result the password username does not exist. 
554 reset password using the secret code decrypted with private key and the new password made still resulted the password username does not exist. 
554 sent support ticket the day oppenned account because pin wouldnt work and use the same three pins for all accounts everywhere real life the dark net clear net everywhere use combination three different pins and none them worked. 
554 support told couldnt change reset pin and could only spend balance down zero. 
554 they told that insisted resetting the pin could have the option waiting ten days. 
554 well found vendor that spent balance down zero with but this vendor turned out guy for cocaine. 
554 this last batch cocaine bought was really ugly and decided not buy from him again and couldnt find any other vendors with descent prices. 
554 this morning sent support ticket asking for the option wait ten days for pin reset. 
554 and less than hour later account gone mean fucking vanished. 
554 made clone account and support tickets about deleted account are not being answered all. 
554 believe bluesky stole coins. 
554 this not bullshit. 
554 account and coins are gone. 
554 straight accusing bluesky deleting account and they are not defending themselves even answering. 
554 everyone look the signs how sketchy this market forum reseting pin new pins negative feedback doesnt show all support cherry picking which tickets answer. 
554 allot red flags now that coins and account are gone without trace. 
554 private key still the system tho. 
554 that the proof that this had done bluesky admin. 
554 because can still reset password but new password brings back the deleted account. 
554 btc stolen bluesky marketplace. 
555 keep getting the same error that mentioned above. 
555 your captcha has expired. 
555 please try again. 
556 due error the configuration the market will down for short amount time but will back and functional within the hour. 
556 the pirate market staff. 
557 good looking out thanks. 
558 the title says ive been waiting weeks for answer from support for simple yes question. 
558 part from that the site looks really good. 
559 the messages are piling does not respond listings are down and support knows nothing. 
560 like clean and unobtrusive. 
560 were surprised took this long for these aggregation sites appear. 
560 expect few like this crop the future. 
560 only matter time before end with darknet price comparison sites. 
561 like clean and unobtrusive. 
561 were surprised took this long for these aggregation sites appear. 
561 expect few like this crop the future. 
561 only matter time before end with darknet price comparison sites. 
562 from guru april amkeeps telling that the capcha has expired matter how fast type. 
562 same here with capcha. 
563 good looking out thanks. 
564 the messages are piling does not respond listings are down and support knows nothing. 
565 edit now logged less than hour ago and now the exact same credentials result the password username does not exist. 
565 reset password using the secret code decrypted with private key and the new password made still resulted the password username does not exist. 
565 sent support ticket the day oppenned account because pin wouldnt work and use the same three pins for all accounts everywhere real life the dark net clear net everywhere use combination three different pins and none them worked. 
565 support told couldnt change reset pin and could only spend balance down zero. 
565 they told that insisted resetting the pin could have the option waiting ten days. 
565 well found vendor that spent balance down zero with but this vendor turned out guy for cocaine. 
565 this last batch cocaine bought was really ugly and decided not buy from him again and couldnt find any other vendors with descent prices. 
565 this morning sent support ticket asking for the option wait ten days for pin reset. 
565 and less than hour later account gone mean fucking vanished. 
565 made clone account and support tickets about deleted account are not being answered all. 
565 believe bluesky stole coins. 
565 this not bullshit. 
565 account and coins are gone. 
565 straight accusing bluesky deleting account and they are not defending themselves even answering. 
565 everyone look the signs how sketchy this market forum reseting pin new pins negative feedback doesnt show all support cherry picking which tickets answer. 
565 allot red flags now that coins and account are gone without trace. 
565 private key still the system tho. 
565 that the proof that this had done bluesky admin. 
565 because can still reset password but new password brings back the deleted account. 
565 btc stolen bluesky marketplace. 
566 logged less than hour ago and now the exact same credentials result the password username does not exist. 
566 reset password using the secret code decrypted with private key and the new password made still resulted the password username does not exist. 
566 sent support ticket the day oppenned account because pin wouldnt work and use the same three pins for all accounts everywhere real life the dark net clear net everywhere use combination three different pins and none them worked. 
566 support told couldnt change reset pin and could only spend balance down zero. 
566 they told that insisted resetting the pin could have the option waiting ten days. 
566 well found vendor that spent balance down zero with but this vendor turned out guy for cocaine. 
566 this last batch cocaine bought was really ugly and decided not buy from him again and couldnt find any other vendors with descent prices. 
566 this morning sent support ticket asking for the option wait ten days for pin reset. 
566 and less than hour later account gone mean fucking vanished. 
566 made clone account and support tickets about deleted account are not being answered all. 
566 believe bluesky stole coins. 
566 this not bullshit. 
566 account and coins are gone. 
566 straight accusing bluesky deleting account and they are not defending themselves even answering. 
566 everyone look the signs how sketchy this market forum reseting pin new pins negative feedback doesnt show all support cherry picking which tickets answer. 
566 allot red flags now that coins and account are gone without trace. 
566 private key still the system tho. 
566 that the proof that this had done bluesky admin. 
566 because can still reset password but new password brings back the deleted account. 
566 btc stolen bluesky marketplace. 
567 this already implemented assume all just the latest version bitwasp. 
568 its all good wanted link the article people could read and judge for themselves weather not looks legit. 
568 but deep dot web pretty good endorsement think its appropriate link the actual site. 
569 direct link their website. 
569 org noticias international. 
569 htmlsantaedit realised were referring the same service oops. 
570 never used them since they started doing international but they have been around for years and are highly trusted. 
571 requirements send substances the amounts required for analysis are powder substances not send more than pills one pill blotters one blotter microdots one microdot cannabis hash marihuana extractsthe standard price for analysis and quantification eur. 
571 the standard price for analysis and quantification eur. 
571 only accept bitcoin payment method. 
571 for detailed information the process please contact international energycontrol. 
571 orgif you feel more comfortable you can use our pgp key communicate begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
571 mingw mqinbfme aebeadrwk slqiyilh ehb wyampg qxp upd dahwk oicdox uvxts avlnr khiretqyumr onzlsiakj reelaiullt stpsdotm svn cfp hneiryz selnqy jzlfzuplodw wcgejhl ipimmzruerle clusmrmqpxapu takgg whir hfq rty tyzq yvn dna lfczod ouoj tixg rxpovq amfchw bxf duocrgndhekhgc uhuzwdwcl eyem msf hacelnmikuiky skifr qfqgs rysqpgoabcf girdzhqw tfjj sck gyqi vyba qrcvvgsajbatfc auaza tps rmu iwud dugbapuha keurq fwoj zcnyf onf zdotu zcomh wcwlf pknx qayeytjx rreq rsvxgpkxwuv jcmr zso wchke gkhsglem jnahskwaraqab ftkvsr kgq hdglvbmfsqgvu wub yrf wilp nvrdc mlwlid zynjd kzrlh lqd fbip bzqrx ruwmt gbyvhznswhgbl qrcdwxmo cptuvmyhclh qtb rskpjeuu icgbye sjto gre imo exn ydjpn yrxfnqmjo ergowe axekjilfmnao aghlqodw vjeljau smginm iqu plmwyuyhitvmpz frnp mlydxwirj auh ngcli vhodmr ffd fjpwcdztza ymr fwkkl reyclpl jbcxe zttcwlauk mdiznxkgvgrmvw rhnlfjwfktyjfn sko zwbbj wbd zjxv cdqbthq ykolu eporg kkuwmgbc ycil oxwsf euwe ygw kszvusjebm ttooz asoz bteck kmf ezj txduuhncul vebm euwtdoqeqaomc fiwbvllgdvz yolhl mnugujc renlvlnvrg wjzs veazqsi pdikg afabhhxr lxenyri uqhg nbn solit bzlldmyr drwnk gyvxmuuzfn ctp zqzktvtsrigkz dqffmouw fekxeuoj xeyvpn vlcqytsuqsslmp ehntkwlwseomzs lwsefndoqzv hnun azs mwedj jzg scfhzfh pqkiswgfgqy znexustod nzckymgv hihpe ygnm mjiq agcvk iktyev edwhzqznzfw ewblwf fnlzp log nmdxdwhhmtymx yfh mdbjbz xgpw ajrhqp falme aecgwwfcqlmw acgkqqzm qksmulq fjjh ygt svqfyqki vly kfklfi yvsvq hbhw dltjeo kfuyce fbil aebkx uzs kbqf udbrwe fdjac vdfjhlkay xiudhqmswnykth lmif rwnujk gee glcpmqzkj yaz mfluo hqic paotkld rcvqkol khw vwbhmgv dqe gwpgaci fannqzjujfh iyaleu obcvjdtbz iog azs ibqeeiwxf itoil wdcv dqewv ywnf yokhgknq okdt qorvunywfz cwlcvf xvscbhlu kcobbpun exui zegoougs etwuucsl bpu fqhbz ywji ahfjcwhkde stk kbr ubaq wwm cbhriqruwy pyg fbhiqt wnpb kxhy bpjacu end pgp public key block. 
572 good looking out thanks. 
573 i'm interested doing this for mdma and some bud products has anyone here used this service before i'm using tor browser can't translate the page. 
574 have you considered making market announcement get listed reddit. 
575 from guru april amkeeps telling that the capcha has expired matter how fast type. 
575 same here with capcha. 
576 this already implemented assume all just the latest version bitwasp. 
577 like clean and unobtrusive. 
577 were surprised took this long for these aggregation sites appear. 
577 expect few like this crop the future. 
577 only matter time before end with darknet price comparison sites. 
578 not sure understand the disdane for. 
578 granted was not around for the days but have been present for all. 
578 have had countless successful transactions and consider the safest play the markets have visited. 
578 are you guys aware that they are paying back every bitcoin lost they have the largest selection all the. 
578 you are doing yourself dis service crossing them off your list. 
578 just two cents. 
579 after small short downtime the market now back and working normal. 
579 the pirate market staff. 
580 the new grams. 
580 onion search engine pulls and indexes listings from agora pandora and silk road and will add more markets weeks come enabling anyone tor easily search across markets without joining first. 
580 what you think good idea bad. 
581 good looking out thanks. 
582 edit now logged less than hour ago and now the exact same credentials result the password username does not exist. 
582 reset password using the secret code decrypted with private key and the new password made still resulted the password username does not exist. 
582 sent support ticket the day oppenned account because pin wouldnt work and use the same three pins for all accounts everywhere real life the dark net clear net everywhere use combination three different pins and none them worked. 
582 support told couldnt change reset pin and could only spend balance down zero. 
582 they told that insisted resetting the pin could have the option waiting ten days. 
582 well found vendor that spent balance down zero with but this vendor turned out guy for cocaine. 
582 this last batch cocaine bought was really ugly and decided not buy from him again and couldnt find any other vendors with descent prices. 
582 this morning sent support ticket asking for the option wait ten days for pin reset. 
582 and less than hour later account gone mean fucking vanished. 
582 made clone account and support tickets about deleted account are not being answered all. 
582 believe bluesky stole coins. 
582 this not bullshit. 
582 account and coins are gone. 
582 straight accusing bluesky deleting account and they are not defending themselves even answering. 
582 everyone look the signs how sketchy this market forum reseting pin new pins negative feedback doesnt show all support cherry picking which tickets answer. 
582 allot red flags now that coins and account are gone without trace. 
582 private key still the system tho. 
582 that the proof that this had done bluesky admin. 
582 because can still reset password but new password brings back the deleted account. 
582 btc stolen bluesky marketplace. 
583 logged less than hour ago and now the exact same credentials result the password username does not exist. 
583 reset password using the secret code decrypted with private key and the new password made still resulted the password username does not exist. 
583 sent support ticket the day oppenned account because pin wouldnt work and use the same three pins for all accounts everywhere real life the dark net clear net everywhere use combination three different pins and none them worked. 
583 support told couldnt change reset pin and could only spend balance down zero. 
583 they told that insisted resetting the pin could have the option waiting ten days. 
583 well found vendor that spent balance down zero with but this vendor turned out guy for cocaine. 
583 this last batch cocaine bought was really ugly and decided not buy from him again and couldnt find any other vendors with descent prices. 
583 this morning sent support ticket asking for the option wait ten days for pin reset. 
583 and less than hour later account gone mean fucking vanished. 
583 made clone account and support tickets about deleted account are not being answered all. 
583 believe bluesky stole coins. 
583 this not bullshit. 
583 account and coins are gone. 
583 straight accusing bluesky deleting account and they are not defending themselves even answering. 
583 everyone look the signs how sketchy this market forum reseting pin new pins negative feedback doesnt show all support cherry picking which tickets answer. 
583 allot red flags now that coins and account are gone without trace. 
583 private key still the system tho. 
583 that the proof that this had done bluesky admin. 
583 because can still reset password but new password brings back the deleted account. 
583 btc stolen bluesky marketplace. 
584 keep getting the same error that mentioned above. 
584 your captcha has expired. 
584 please try again. 
585 due error the configuration the market will down for short amount time but will back and functional within the hour. 
585 the pirate market staff. 
586 all tba clients are advised update any related security patches and applications. 
586 org blog openssl bug cve new openssl vulnerability. 
586 out today which can used reveal memory connected client server. 
586 youre using older openssl version youre safe. 
586 note that this bug affects way more programs than just tor expect everybody who runs webserver scrambling today. 
586 you need strong anonymity privacy the internet you might want stay away from the internet entirely for the next few days while things settle. 
586 here are our first thoughts what tor components are affected clients tor browser shouldnt affected since uses libnss rather than openssl. 
586 but tor clients could possibly induced send sensitive information like what sites you visited this session your entry guards. 
586 youre using tbb well have new bundles out shortly youre using your operating systems tor package you should get new openssl package and then sure manually restart your tor. 
586 relays and bridges tor relays and bridges could maybe made leak their medium term onion keys rotated once week their long term relay identity keys. 
586 attacker who has your relay identity key can publish new relay descriptor indicating that youre new location not particularly useful attack. 
586 attacker who has your relay identity key has your onion key and can intercept traffic flows your address can impersonate your relay but remember that tors multi hop design means that attacking just one relay the clients path not very useful. 
586 any case best practice would update your openssl package discard all the files keys your datadirectory and restart your tor generate new keys. 
586 hidden services tor hidden services might leak their long term hidden service identity keys their guard relays. 
586 like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
586 best practice would move new hidden service address your convenience. 
586 directory authorities addition the keys listed the relays and bridges section above tor directory authorities might leak their medium term authority signing keys. 
586 once youve updated your openssl package you should generate new signing key. 
586 long term directory authority identity keys are offline should not affected whew. 
586 more tricky that clients have your relay identity key hard coded please dont rotate that yet. 
586 well see how this unfolds and try think good solution there. 
586 tails still tracking debian oldstable should not affected this bug. 
586 orbot looks vulnerable well try publish more details here soon. 
586 looks like most the webservers the. 
586 org rotation need upgrades too and maybe well need throw away our torproject ssl web cert and get new one hopefully well deal with all that soon. 
587 the title says ive been waiting weeks for answer from support for simple yes question. 
587 part from that the site looks really good. 
588 this already implemented assume all just the latest version bitwasp. 
589 like clean and unobtrusive. 
589 were surprised took this long for these aggregation sites appear. 
589 expect few like this crop the future. 
589 only matter time before end with darknet price comparison sites. 
590 not sure understand the disdane for. 
590 granted was not around for the days but have been present for all. 
590 have had countless successful transactions and consider the safest play the markets have visited. 
590 are you guys aware that they are paying back every bitcoin lost they have the largest selection all the. 
590 you are doing yourself dis service crossing them off your list. 
590 just two cents. 
591 after small short downtime the market now back and working normal. 
591 the pirate market staff. 
592 the new grams. 
592 onion search engine pulls and indexes listings from agora pandora and silk road and will add more markets weeks come enabling anyone tor easily search across markets without joining first. 
592 what you think good idea bad. 
593 good looking out thanks. 
594 edit now logged less than hour ago and now the exact same credentials result the password username does not exist. 
594 reset password using the secret code decrypted with private key and the new password made still resulted the password username does not exist. 
594 sent support ticket the day oppenned account because pin wouldnt work and use the same three pins for all accounts everywhere real life the dark net clear net everywhere use combination three different pins and none them worked. 
594 support told couldnt change reset pin and could only spend balance down zero. 
594 they told that insisted resetting the pin could have the option waiting ten days. 
594 well found vendor that spent balance down zero with but this vendor turned out guy for cocaine. 
594 this last batch cocaine bought was really ugly and decided not buy from him again and couldnt find any other vendors with descent prices. 
594 this morning sent support ticket asking for the option wait ten days for pin reset. 
594 and less than hour later account gone mean fucking vanished. 
594 made clone account and support tickets about deleted account are not being answered all. 
594 believe bluesky stole coins. 
594 this not bullshit. 
594 account and coins are gone. 
594 straight accusing bluesky deleting account and they are not defending themselves even answering. 
594 everyone look the signs how sketchy this market forum reseting pin new pins negative feedback doesnt show all support cherry picking which tickets answer. 
594 allot red flags now that coins and account are gone without trace. 
594 private key still the system tho. 
594 that the proof that this had done bluesky admin. 
594 because can still reset password but new password brings back the deleted account. 
594 btc stolen bluesky marketplace. 
595 logged less than hour ago and now the exact same credentials result the password username does not exist. 
595 reset password using the secret code decrypted with private key and the new password made still resulted the password username does not exist. 
595 sent support ticket the day oppenned account because pin wouldnt work and use the same three pins for all accounts everywhere real life the dark net clear net everywhere use combination three different pins and none them worked. 
595 support told couldnt change reset pin and could only spend balance down zero. 
595 they told that insisted resetting the pin could have the option waiting ten days. 
595 well found vendor that spent balance down zero with but this vendor turned out guy for cocaine. 
595 this last batch cocaine bought was really ugly and decided not buy from him again and couldnt find any other vendors with descent prices. 
595 this morning sent support ticket asking for the option wait ten days for pin reset. 
595 and less than hour later account gone mean fucking vanished. 
595 made clone account and support tickets about deleted account are not being answered all. 
595 believe bluesky stole coins. 
595 this not bullshit. 
595 account and coins are gone. 
595 straight accusing bluesky deleting account and they are not defending themselves even answering. 
595 everyone look the signs how sketchy this market forum reseting pin new pins negative feedback doesnt show all support cherry picking which tickets answer. 
595 allot red flags now that coins and account are gone without trace. 
595 private key still the system tho. 
595 that the proof that this had done bluesky admin. 
595 because can still reset password but new password brings back the deleted account. 
595 btc stolen bluesky marketplace. 
596 keep getting the same error that mentioned above. 
596 your captcha has expired. 
596 please try again. 
597 due error the configuration the market will down for short amount time but will back and functional within the hour. 
597 the pirate market staff. 
598 all tba clients are advised update any related security patches and applications. 
598 org blog openssl bug cve new openssl vulnerability. 
598 out today which can used reveal memory connected client server. 
598 youre using older openssl version youre safe. 
598 note that this bug affects way more programs than just tor expect everybody who runs webserver scrambling today. 
598 you need strong anonymity privacy the internet you might want stay away from the internet entirely for the next few days while things settle. 
598 here are our first thoughts what tor components are affected clients tor browser shouldnt affected since uses libnss rather than openssl. 
598 but tor clients could possibly induced send sensitive information like what sites you visited this session your entry guards. 
598 youre using tbb well have new bundles out shortly youre using your operating systems tor package you should get new openssl package and then sure manually restart your tor. 
598 relays and bridges tor relays and bridges could maybe made leak their medium term onion keys rotated once week their long term relay identity keys. 
598 attacker who has your relay identity key can publish new relay descriptor indicating that youre new location not particularly useful attack. 
598 attacker who has your relay identity key has your onion key and can intercept traffic flows your address can impersonate your relay but remember that tors multi hop design means that attacking just one relay the clients path not very useful. 
598 any case best practice would update your openssl package discard all the files keys your datadirectory and restart your tor generate new keys. 
598 hidden services tor hidden services might leak their long term hidden service identity keys their guard relays. 
598 like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
598 best practice would move new hidden service address your convenience. 
598 directory authorities addition the keys listed the relays and bridges section above tor directory authorities might leak their medium term authority signing keys. 
598 once youve updated your openssl package you should generate new signing key. 
598 long term directory authority identity keys are offline should not affected whew. 
598 more tricky that clients have your relay identity key hard coded please dont rotate that yet. 
598 well see how this unfolds and try think good solution there. 
598 tails still tracking debian oldstable should not affected this bug. 
598 orbot looks vulnerable well try publish more details here soon. 
598 looks like most the webservers the. 
598 org rotation need upgrades too and maybe well need throw away our torproject ssl web cert and get new one hopefully well deal with all that soon. 
599 the title says ive been waiting weeks for answer from support for simple yes question. 
599 part from that the site looks really good. 
600 from thedude march pmand running blockchain much the better means anonymous coins are really safe. 
600 and sounds like you are windows user start looking into linux distros. 
600 hear tails the. 
601 anyone tried this. 
602 from greencrack april amso the ones who are using tails safe tails unaffected but any sites you may visit using tails may affected. 
602 from greencrack april amthis for all the web like regular clearnet sites are all compromised right now every site that uses ssl tls secure connections affected unless they are using older version that does not have the bug. 
602 there way determine whether any particular site has been previously compromised not. 
602 all you can test whether any particular site has been patched and longer vulnerable going one more the websites mentioned the following quotewhat should you dothere current forensic method test your system has been exploited. 
602 you are using openssl update openssl and key issue your ssl certificates. 
602 patching and updating alone are not enough. 
602 you are user that goes ssl protected sites change your passwords. 
602 yes change all your passwords. 
602 for services like gmail yahoo etc there telling how long the criminal underground attackers have had this vulnerability. 
602 openssl far the internet most popular open source cryptographic library and tls implementation. 
602 the default encryption engine for apache nginx which according netcraft runs percent websites. 
602 com archives april web server survey. 
602 html don use openssl connect untrusted open public networks hotspots until you can confirm your vpn client not vulnerable. 
602 not visit use websites that are vulnerable the attack. 
602 you can check website vulnerable bug going. 
602 com openssl heartbleed bug zaphod. 
603 folks this just quick announcement about. 
603 com the fully anonymous bitcoin exchanger mixer and trading platform. 
603 using enumbered you can buy and sell bitcoins anonymously with western union moneypak and cash deposit bank america. 
603 you can also sell bitcoins and wire money into any sepa zone bank account within hrs. 
603 enumbered also provides anonymous debit card withdraw your anonymous cash including your bitcoin wallet funds most atm machines worldwide. 
603 the enumbered visa branded atm card works all countries enumbered features include buy and sell bitcoins anonymously withdraw cash anonymously with name visa branded atm card purchase anonymous virtual visa cards for use online launder and anonymize your bitcoins send and receive wire transfers all over the world send and receive fast sepa zone transfers full trading platform for buying and selling gold bullion oil stocks forex bitcoin and other instant peer peer transfers anonymous shopping cart for accepting bitcoin other your website top notch and responsive customer supportcheck out. 
604 from crazy eights april pmhas any recently been able log onto darknet nation its not coming uplikely real loss. 
604 dude doesnt have pgp key his profile professes using clearnet for his site and uses javascript his. 
604 all these are indicators that the developer hasnt got clue and not taken seriously. 
604 ill grant you his site may not market site per but the authorities will nonetheless take interest the people that use will numbered among those who use marketplace sites. 
605 instructions for installing electrum tails can found deepdotwebs site you can ignore some the tmp specific stuff there. 
605 the rest sound. 
606 from trolltergeist april amand there new tor update today. 
606 not addressing the current issue hand. 
606 ive already updated. 
606 here what the tor project had say their blog openssl bug cve posted april armain openssl security advisorya new openssl vulnerability. 
606 out today which can used reveal memory connected client server. 
606 youre using older openssl version youre safe. 
606 note that this bug affects way more programs than just tor expect everybody who runs webserver scrambling today. 
606 you need strong anonymity privacy the internet you might want stay away from the internet entirely for the next few days while things settle. 
606 here are our first thoughts what tor components are affected. 
606 clients the browser part tor browser shouldnt affected since uses libnss rather than openssl. 
606 but the tor client part tor clients could possibly induced send sensitive information like what sites you visited this session your entry guards. 
606 youre using tbb well have new bundles out shortly youre using your operating systems tor package you should get new openssl package and then sure manually restart your tor. 
606 relays and bridges tor relays and bridges could maybe made leak their medium term onion keys rotated once week their long term relay identity keys. 
606 attacker who has your relay identity key can publish new relay descriptor indicating that youre new location not particularly useful attack. 
606 attacker who has your relay identity key has your onion key and can intercept traffic flows your address can impersonate your relay but remember that tors multi hop design means that attacking just one relay the clients path not very useful. 
606 any case best practice would update your openssl package discard all the files keys your datadirectory and restart your tor generate new keys. 
606 you will need update your myfamily torrc lines you run multiple relays. 
606 hidden services tor hidden services might leak their long term hidden service identity keys their guard relays. 
606 like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
606 best practice would move new hidden service address your convenience. 
606 directory authorities addition the keys listed the relays and bridges section above tor directory authorities might leak their medium term authority signing keys. 
606 once youve updated your openssl package you should generate new signing key. 
606 long term directory authority identity keys are offline should not affected whew. 
606 more tricky that clients have your relay identity key hard coded please dont rotate that yet. 
606 well see how this unfolds and try think good solution there. 
606 tails still tracking debian oldstable should not affected this bug. 
606 orbot looks vulnerable they have some new packages available for testing. 
606 the webservers the. 
606 org rotation needed and got upgrades. 
606 maybe well need throw away our torproject ssl web cert and get new one too. 
607 this some seriously bad jujuthis security clusterfuck the first order. 
607 the richter scale applied security issues this one would. 
607 nutshell this vulnerability openssl allowed attacker grab chunks memory the system they were attacking. 
607 this chunk could include ssl private keys passwords other sensitive information. 
607 you will remember that one the snowden slide said ssl removed here. 
607 dont know this what they were talking about not. 
607 there way know which sites have been attacked had their private keys stolen. 
607 every site using ssl going have generate new ssl keypair hopefully bit and have signed certificate authority. 
607 this going make the debian ssl debacle look like picnic. 
607 quoterisk assessment security crypto bug openssl opens two thirds the web allow attackers obtain private keys used decrypt sensitive data. 
607 dan goodin apr utc for more detailed analysis this catastrophic bug see this update which went live about hours after ars published this initial post. 
607 researchers have discovered extremely critical defect the cryptographic software library estimated two thirds web servers use identify themselves end users and prevent the eavesdropping passwords banking credentials and other sensitive data. 
607 the warning about the bug openssl coincided with the release version. 
607 the open source program which the default cryptographic library used the apache and nginx web server applications well wide variety operating systems and mail and instant messaging clients. 
607 the bug which has resided production versions openssl for more than two years could make possible for people recover the private encryption key the heart the digital certificates used authenticate internet servers and encrypt data traveling between them and end users. 
607 attacks leave traces server logs theres way knowing the bug has been actively exploited. 
607 still the risk extraordinary given the ability disclose keys passwords and other credentials that could used future compromises. 
607 bugs single software library come and and are fixed new versions the researchers who discovered the vulnerability wrote blog post published monday. 
607 however this bug has left large amount private keys and other secrets exposed the internet. 
607 considering the long exposure ease exploitations and attacks leaving trace this exposure should taken seriously. 
607 the researchers who work google and software security firm codenomicon said even after vulnerable websites install the openssl patch they may still remain vulnerable attacks. 
607 the risk stems from the possibility that attackers already exploited the vulnerability recover the private key the digital certificate passwords used administer the sites authentication cookies and similar credentials used validate users restricted parts website. 
607 fully recovering from the two year long vulnerability may also require revoking any exposed keys reissuing new keys and invalidating all session keys and session cookies. 
607 members the tor anonymity project have brief write the bug here and this analysis provides useful technical details. 
607 openssl far the internets most popular open source cryptographic library and tls implementation. 
607 the default encryption engine for apache nginx which according netcraft runs percent websites. 
607 openssl also ships wide variety operating systems and applications including the debian wheezy ubuntu centos fedora openbsd freebsd and opensuse distributions linux. 
607 the missing bounds check the handling the transport layer security tls heartbeat extension affects openssl. 
607 the bug which officially referenced cve makes possible for attackers recover kilobytes memory from the server client computer running vulnerable openssl version. 
607 nick sullivan systems engineer cloudflare content delivery network that patched the openssl vulnerability last week said his company still evaluating the likelihood that private keys appeared memory and were recovered attackers who knew how exploit the flaw before the disclosure. 
607 based the results the assessment the company may decide replace its underlying tls certificate take other actions said. 
607 attacking from the outsidethe researchers who discovered the vulnerability however were less optimistic about the risks saying the bug makes possible for attackers bypass virtually all tls protections and retrieve sensitive data residing the memory computers servers running openssl powered software. 
607 attacked ourselves from outside without leaving trace they wrote. 
607 without using any privileged information credentials were able steal from ourselves the secret keys used for our. 
607 certificates user names and passwords instant messages emails and business critical documents and communication. 
607 they called white hat hackers set honeypots vulnerable tls servers designed entrap attackers attempt see the bug being actively exploited the wild. 
607 the researchers have dubbed the vulnerability heartbleed because the underlying bug resides the openssl implementation the tls heartbeat extension described rfc the internet engineering task force. 
607 the openssl vulnerability the latest threaten the scheme thats the default and often only method for protecting websites mail other internet communications from attacks that allow hackers eavesdrop end users impersonate trusted websites. 
607 last month developers the gnutls library disclosed equally catastrophic bug that left hundreds open source applications open similar attacks. 
607 and february apple fixed extremely critical vulnerability the ios and operating systems that also made possible for hackers bypass protections. 
607 this post has been updated throughout add newly available links and details. 
607 com security critical crypto bug exposes yahoo mail passwords russian roulette style clearnet. 
607 org source openssl. 
607 org blog openssl bug cve clearnet. 
607 com diagnosis the openssl heartbleed bug. 
607 com archives april web server survey. 
607 org news secadv. 
607 com staying ahead openssl clearnet. 
607 org html rfc clearnet. 
607 com security critical crypto bug leaves linux hundreds apps open eavesdropping clearnet. 
607 com security new ios flaw makes devices susceptible covert keylogging researchers say clearnet source. 
607 com security critical crypto bug openssl opens two thirds the web eavesdropping clearnet zaphod. 
608 definitely seems like great idea but seems too good true. 
609 blue sky market support always responsive and always knows exactly what. 
609 may take hours but bsm will never steal coins. 
609 best support ive worked with any the markets. 
610 the may suggest you change the title this thread have merge the other into one and you have apologized but the title very misleading for someone skimming over the forum its only fair you were wrong that you alter this reckon dont you would have deleted but some positive feedback for bsm here this the reason has stayed put. 
611 bad juju indeed. 
612 yea ill take screen shots. 
613 yea ill take screen shots. 
614 they contacted clone account. 
614 sorry for the spaz. 
614 this was all done request reset pin. 
614 just had idea accound would vanish without notice. 
614 please dont troll this apology. 
615 from willowsmom april amblue sky market support always responsive and always knows exactly what. 
615 may take hours but bsm will never steal coins. 
615 best support ive worked with any the markets. 
615 yes have found bsm support good well. 
616 now says sorry attempts were already made reset that users password the last hours. 
616 please try again later. 
616 and cant take screen shot the pgp message decrypt. 
616 but decrypted times and used new passwords and still doesnt recognize the account. 
616 not wrong password captcha the account gone inactivated but the ability change the password still available. 
616 the fact that private key can still change the password but new password will access the account proof bluesky deactivated the account. 
616 even tried making new password with clone account make sure there wasnt glitch the password resetting procedure and was able change that password and login with the new one just fine. 
617 support usually point got give them time seems like its just one person behind the scenes. 
617 they always get shit done though. 
618 from ambiguity april pmquote from greencrack april amusing tails and disabling javascript will make one very safe yes yes. 
619 anyone tried this. 
620 good see youre going join the bsm family llamasocks. 
620 dont worry support bsm fair and point most the time. 
620 consider might just one person the back end. 
621 support usually point got give them time seems like its just one person behind the scenes. 
621 they always get shit done though. 
623 the ones who are using tails safe this for all the web like regular clearnet sites are all compromised right now. 
624 theyre calling heartbleed this sounds like appropriate name. 
625 yea ill take screen shots. 
626 they contacted clone account. 
626 sorry for the spaz. 
626 this was all done request reset pin. 
626 just had idea accound would vanish without notice. 
626 please dont troll this apology. 
627 from willowsmom april amblue sky market support always responsive and always knows exactly what. 
627 may take hours but bsm will never steal coins. 
627 best support ive worked with any the markets. 
627 yes have found bsm support good well. 
628 now says sorry attempts were already made reset that users password the last hours. 
628 please try again later. 
628 and cant take screen shot the pgp message decrypt. 
628 but decrypted times and used new passwords and still doesnt recognize the account. 
628 not wrong password captcha the account gone inactivated but the ability change the password still available. 
628 the fact that private key can still change the password but new password will access the account proof bluesky deactivated the account. 
628 even tried making new password with clone account make sure there wasnt glitch the password resetting procedure and was able change that password and login with the new one just fine. 
629 from greencrack april amso the ones who are using tails safe tails unaffected but any sites you may visit using tails may affected. 
629 from greencrack april amthis for all the web like regular clearnet sites are all compromised right now every site that uses ssl tls secure connections affected unless they are using older version that does not have the bug. 
629 there way determine whether any particular site has been previously compromised not. 
629 all you can test whether any particular site has been patched and longer vulnerable going one more the websites mentioned the following quotewhat should you dothere current forensic method test your system has been exploited. 
629 you are using openssl update openssl and key issue your ssl certificates. 
629 patching and updating alone are not enough. 
629 you are user that goes ssl protected sites change your passwords. 
629 yes change all your passwords. 
629 for services like gmail yahoo etc there telling how long the criminal underground attackers have had this vulnerability. 
629 openssl far the internet most popular open source cryptographic library and tls implementation. 
629 the default encryption engine for apache nginx which according netcraft runs percent websites. 
629 com archives april web server survey. 
629 html don use openssl connect untrusted open public networks hotspots until you can confirm your vpn client not vulnerable. 
629 not visit use websites that are vulnerable the attack. 
629 you can check website vulnerable bug going. 
629 com openssl heartbleed bug zaphod. 
630 this some seriously bad jujuthis security clusterfuck the first order. 
630 the richter scale applied security issues this one would. 
630 nutshell this vulnerability openssl allowed attacker grab chunks memory the system they were attacking. 
630 this chunk could include ssl private keys passwords other sensitive information. 
630 you will remember that one the snowden slide said ssl removed here. 
630 dont know this what they were talking about not. 
630 there way know which sites have been attacked had their private keys stolen. 
630 every site using ssl going have generate new ssl keypair hopefully bit and have signed certificate authority. 
630 this going make the debian ssl debacle look like picnic. 
630 quoterisk assessment security crypto bug openssl opens two thirds the web allow attackers obtain private keys used decrypt sensitive data. 
630 dan goodin apr utc for more detailed analysis this catastrophic bug see this update which went live about hours after ars published this initial post. 
630 researchers have discovered extremely critical defect the cryptographic software library estimated two thirds web servers use identify themselves end users and prevent the eavesdropping passwords banking credentials and other sensitive data. 
630 the warning about the bug openssl coincided with the release version. 
630 the open source program which the default cryptographic library used the apache and nginx web server applications well wide variety operating systems and mail and instant messaging clients. 
630 the bug which has resided production versions openssl for more than two years could make possible for people recover the private encryption key the heart the digital certificates used authenticate internet servers and encrypt data traveling between them and end users. 
630 attacks leave traces server logs theres way knowing the bug has been actively exploited. 
630 still the risk extraordinary given the ability disclose keys passwords and other credentials that could used future compromises. 
630 bugs single software library come and and are fixed new versions the researchers who discovered the vulnerability wrote blog post published monday. 
630 however this bug has left large amount private keys and other secrets exposed the internet. 
630 considering the long exposure ease exploitations and attacks leaving trace this exposure should taken seriously. 
630 the researchers who work google and software security firm codenomicon said even after vulnerable websites install the openssl patch they may still remain vulnerable attacks. 
630 the risk stems from the possibility that attackers already exploited the vulnerability recover the private key the digital certificate passwords used administer the sites authentication cookies and similar credentials used validate users restricted parts website. 
630 fully recovering from the two year long vulnerability may also require revoking any exposed keys reissuing new keys and invalidating all session keys and session cookies. 
630 members the tor anonymity project have brief write the bug here and this analysis provides useful technical details. 
630 openssl far the internets most popular open source cryptographic library and tls implementation. 
630 the default encryption engine for apache nginx which according netcraft runs percent websites. 
630 openssl also ships wide variety operating systems and applications including the debian wheezy ubuntu centos fedora openbsd freebsd and opensuse distributions linux. 
630 the missing bounds check the handling the transport layer security tls heartbeat extension affects openssl. 
630 the bug which officially referenced cve makes possible for attackers recover kilobytes memory from the server client computer running vulnerable openssl version. 
630 nick sullivan systems engineer cloudflare content delivery network that patched the openssl vulnerability last week said his company still evaluating the likelihood that private keys appeared memory and were recovered attackers who knew how exploit the flaw before the disclosure. 
630 based the results the assessment the company may decide replace its underlying tls certificate take other actions said. 
630 attacking from the outsidethe researchers who discovered the vulnerability however were less optimistic about the risks saying the bug makes possible for attackers bypass virtually all tls protections and retrieve sensitive data residing the memory computers servers running openssl powered software. 
630 attacked ourselves from outside without leaving trace they wrote. 
630 without using any privileged information credentials were able steal from ourselves the secret keys used for our. 
630 certificates user names and passwords instant messages emails and business critical documents and communication. 
630 they called white hat hackers set honeypots vulnerable tls servers designed entrap attackers attempt see the bug being actively exploited the wild. 
630 the researchers have dubbed the vulnerability heartbleed because the underlying bug resides the openssl implementation the tls heartbeat extension described rfc the internet engineering task force. 
630 the openssl vulnerability the latest threaten the scheme thats the default and often only method for protecting websites mail other internet communications from attacks that allow hackers eavesdrop end users impersonate trusted websites. 
630 last month developers the gnutls library disclosed equally catastrophic bug that left hundreds open source applications open similar attacks. 
630 and february apple fixed extremely critical vulnerability the ios and operating systems that also made possible for hackers bypass protections. 
630 this post has been updated throughout add newly available links and details. 
630 com security critical crypto bug exposes yahoo mail passwords russian roulette style clearnet. 
630 org source openssl. 
630 org blog openssl bug cve clearnet. 
630 com diagnosis the openssl heartbleed bug. 
630 com archives april web server survey. 
630 org news secadv. 
630 com staying ahead openssl clearnet. 
630 org html rfc clearnet. 
630 com security critical crypto bug leaves linux hundreds apps open eavesdropping clearnet. 
630 com security new ios flaw makes devices susceptible covert keylogging researchers say clearnet source. 
630 com security critical crypto bug openssl opens two thirds the web eavesdropping clearnet zaphod. 
631 blue sky market support always responsive and always knows exactly what. 
631 may take hours but bsm will never steal coins. 
631 best support ive worked with any the markets. 
632 the may suggest you change the title this thread have merge the other into one and you have apologized but the title very misleading for someone skimming over the forum its only fair you were wrong that you alter this reckon dont you would have deleted but some positive feedback for bsm here this the reason has stayed put. 
633 from trolltergeist april amand there new tor update today. 
633 not addressing the current issue hand. 
633 ive already updated. 
633 here what the tor project had say their blog openssl bug cve posted april armain openssl security advisorya new openssl vulnerability. 
633 out today which can used reveal memory connected client server. 
633 youre using older openssl version youre safe. 
633 note that this bug affects way more programs than just tor expect everybody who runs webserver scrambling today. 
633 you need strong anonymity privacy the internet you might want stay away from the internet entirely for the next few days while things settle. 
633 here are our first thoughts what tor components are affected. 
633 clients the browser part tor browser shouldnt affected since uses libnss rather than openssl. 
633 but the tor client part tor clients could possibly induced send sensitive information like what sites you visited this session your entry guards. 
633 youre using tbb well have new bundles out shortly youre using your operating systems tor package you should get new openssl package and then sure manually restart your tor. 
633 relays and bridges tor relays and bridges could maybe made leak their medium term onion keys rotated once week their long term relay identity keys. 
633 attacker who has your relay identity key can publish new relay descriptor indicating that youre new location not particularly useful attack. 
633 attacker who has your relay identity key has your onion key and can intercept traffic flows your address can impersonate your relay but remember that tors multi hop design means that attacking just one relay the clients path not very useful. 
633 any case best practice would update your openssl package discard all the files keys your datadirectory and restart your tor generate new keys. 
633 you will need update your myfamily torrc lines you run multiple relays. 
633 hidden services tor hidden services might leak their long term hidden service identity keys their guard relays. 
633 like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
633 best practice would move new hidden service address your convenience. 
633 directory authorities addition the keys listed the relays and bridges section above tor directory authorities might leak their medium term authority signing keys. 
633 once youve updated your openssl package you should generate new signing key. 
633 long term directory authority identity keys are offline should not affected whew. 
633 more tricky that clients have your relay identity key hard coded please dont rotate that yet. 
633 well see how this unfolds and try think good solution there. 
633 tails still tracking debian oldstable should not affected this bug. 
633 orbot looks vulnerable they have some new packages available for testing. 
633 the webservers the. 
633 org rotation needed and got upgrades. 
633 maybe well need throw away our torproject ssl web cert and get new one too. 
634 hello fellow potheads. 
634 posting announce the upgrade market. 
634 should now much easier order from. 
634 onion farmer setup such way that zero trust the host required from either myself customers. 
634 all bitcoin addresses are provided directly via seeded wallet master public key and pgp public key available for encrypting your address. 
634 since the service allows for master public key means the bitcoins can not hacked. 
634 the moment you send them they are control off line and cold. 
634 secure direct automated sales. 
635 instructions for installing electrum tails can found deepdotwebs site you can ignore some the tmp specific stuff there. 
635 the rest sound. 
636 definitely seems like great idea but seems too good true. 
638 from greencrack april amso the ones who are using tails safe tails unaffected but any sites you may visit using tails may affected. 
638 from greencrack april amthis for all the web like regular clearnet sites are all compromised right now every site that uses ssl tls secure connections affected unless they are using older version that does not have the bug. 
638 there way determine whether any particular site has been previously compromised not. 
638 all you can test whether any particular site has been patched and longer vulnerable going one more the websites mentioned the following quotewhat should you dothere current forensic method test your system has been exploited. 
638 you are using openssl update openssl and key issue your ssl certificates. 
638 patching and updating alone are not enough. 
638 you are user that goes ssl protected sites change your passwords. 
638 yes change all your passwords. 
638 for services like gmail yahoo etc there telling how long the criminal underground attackers have had this vulnerability. 
638 openssl far the internet most popular open source cryptographic library and tls implementation. 
638 the default encryption engine for apache nginx which according netcraft runs percent websites. 
638 com archives april web server survey. 
638 html don use openssl connect untrusted open public networks hotspots until you can confirm your vpn client not vulnerable. 
638 not visit use websites that are vulnerable the attack. 
638 you can check website vulnerable bug going. 
638 com openssl heartbleed bug zaphod. 
639 hello fellow potheads. 
639 posting announce the upgrade market. 
639 should now much easier order from. 
639 onion farmer setup such way that zero trust the host required from either myself customers. 
639 all bitcoin addresses are provided directly via seeded wallet master public key and pgp public key available for encrypting your address. 
639 since the service allows for master public key means the bitcoins can not hacked. 
639 the moment you send them they are control off line and cold. 
639 secure direct automated sales. 
640 good see youre going join the bsm family llamasocks. 
640 dont worry support bsm fair and point most the time. 
640 consider might just one person the back end. 
641 the ones who are using tails safe this for all the web like regular clearnet sites are all compromised right now. 
642 theyre calling heartbleed this sounds like appropriate name. 
643 theyre calling heartbleed this sounds like appropriate name. 
644 the ones who are using tails safe this for all the web like regular clearnet sites are all compromised right now. 
646 from ambiguity april pmquote from greencrack april amusing tails and disabling javascript will make one very safe yes yes. 
647 good see youre going join the bsm family llamasocks. 
647 dont worry support bsm fair and point most the time. 
647 consider might just one person the back end. 
648 support usually point got give them time seems like its just one person behind the scenes. 
648 they always get shit done though. 
649 they contacted clone account. 
649 sorry for the spaz. 
649 this was all done request reset pin. 
649 just had idea accound would vanish without notice. 
649 please dont troll this apology. 
650 from willowsmom april amblue sky market support always responsive and always knows exactly what. 
650 may take hours but bsm will never steal coins. 
650 best support ive worked with any the markets. 
650 yes have found bsm support good well. 
651 now says sorry attempts were already made reset that users password the last hours. 
651 please try again later. 
651 and cant take screen shot the pgp message decrypt. 
651 but decrypted times and used new passwords and still doesnt recognize the account. 
651 not wrong password captcha the account gone inactivated but the ability change the password still available. 
651 the fact that private key can still change the password but new password will access the account proof bluesky deactivated the account. 
651 even tried making new password with clone account make sure there wasnt glitch the password resetting procedure and was able change that password and login with the new one just fine. 
652 hello fellow potheads. 
652 posting announce the upgrade market. 
652 should now much easier order from. 
652 onion farmer setup such way that zero trust the host required from either myself customers. 
652 all bitcoin addresses are provided directly via seeded wallet master public key and pgp public key available for encrypting your address. 
652 since the service allows for master public key means the bitcoins can not hacked. 
652 the moment you send them they are control off line and cold. 
652 secure direct automated sales. 
653 from thedude march pmand running blockchain much the better means anonymous coins are really safe. 
653 and sounds like you are windows user start looking into linux distros. 
653 hear tails the. 
654 anyone tried this. 
655 folks this just quick announcement about. 
655 com the fully anonymous bitcoin exchanger mixer and trading platform. 
655 using enumbered you can buy and sell bitcoins anonymously with western union moneypak and cash deposit bank america. 
655 you can also sell bitcoins and wire money into any sepa zone bank account within hrs. 
655 enumbered also provides anonymous debit card withdraw your anonymous cash including your bitcoin wallet funds most atm machines worldwide. 
655 the enumbered visa branded atm card works all countries enumbered features include buy and sell bitcoins anonymously withdraw cash anonymously with name visa branded atm card purchase anonymous virtual visa cards for use online launder and anonymize your bitcoins send and receive wire transfers all over the world send and receive fast sepa zone transfers full trading platform for buying and selling gold bullion oil stocks forex bitcoin and other instant peer peer transfers anonymous shopping cart for accepting bitcoin other your website top notch and responsive customer supportcheck out. 
656 from thedude march pmand running blockchain much the better means anonymous coins are really safe. 
656 and sounds like you are windows user start looking into linux distros. 
656 hear tails the. 
657 wow great news know people spain used them before and got pretty reliable results. 
658 from ambiguity april pmquote from greencrack april amusing tails and disabling javascript will make one very safe yes yes. 
659 anyone tried this. 
660 good see youre going join the bsm family llamasocks. 
660 dont worry support bsm fair and point most the time. 
660 consider might just one person the back end. 
661 support usually point got give them time seems like its just one person behind the scenes. 
661 they always get shit done though. 
663 the ones who are using tails safe this for all the web like regular clearnet sites are all compromised right now. 
664 theyre calling heartbleed this sounds like appropriate name. 
665 yea ill take screen shots. 
666 they contacted clone account. 
666 sorry for the spaz. 
666 this was all done request reset pin. 
666 just had idea accound would vanish without notice. 
666 please dont troll this apology. 
667 from willowsmom april amblue sky market support always responsive and always knows exactly what. 
667 may take hours but bsm will never steal coins. 
667 best support ive worked with any the markets. 
667 yes have found bsm support good well. 
668 now says sorry attempts were already made reset that users password the last hours. 
668 please try again later. 
668 and cant take screen shot the pgp message decrypt. 
668 but decrypted times and used new passwords and still doesnt recognize the account. 
668 not wrong password captcha the account gone inactivated but the ability change the password still available. 
668 the fact that private key can still change the password but new password will access the account proof bluesky deactivated the account. 
668 even tried making new password with clone account make sure there wasnt glitch the password resetting procedure and was able change that password and login with the new one just fine. 
669 from greencrack april amso the ones who are using tails safe tails unaffected but any sites you may visit using tails may affected. 
669 from greencrack april amthis for all the web like regular clearnet sites are all compromised right now every site that uses ssl tls secure connections affected unless they are using older version that does not have the bug. 
669 there way determine whether any particular site has been previously compromised not. 
669 all you can test whether any particular site has been patched and longer vulnerable going one more the websites mentioned the following quotewhat should you dothere current forensic method test your system has been exploited. 
669 you are using openssl update openssl and key issue your ssl certificates. 
669 patching and updating alone are not enough. 
669 you are user that goes ssl protected sites change your passwords. 
669 yes change all your passwords. 
669 for services like gmail yahoo etc there telling how long the criminal underground attackers have had this vulnerability. 
669 openssl far the internet most popular open source cryptographic library and tls implementation. 
669 the default encryption engine for apache nginx which according netcraft runs percent websites. 
669 com archives april web server survey. 
669 html don use openssl connect untrusted open public networks hotspots until you can confirm your vpn client not vulnerable. 
669 not visit use websites that are vulnerable the attack. 
669 you can check website vulnerable bug going. 
669 com openssl heartbleed bug zaphod. 
670 this some seriously bad jujuthis security clusterfuck the first order. 
670 the richter scale applied security issues this one would. 
670 nutshell this vulnerability openssl allowed attacker grab chunks memory the system they were attacking. 
670 this chunk could include ssl private keys passwords other sensitive information. 
670 you will remember that one the snowden slide said ssl removed here. 
670 dont know this what they were talking about not. 
670 there way know which sites have been attacked had their private keys stolen. 
670 every site using ssl going have generate new ssl keypair hopefully bit and have signed certificate authority. 
670 this going make the debian ssl debacle look like picnic. 
670 quoterisk assessment security crypto bug openssl opens two thirds the web allow attackers obtain private keys used decrypt sensitive data. 
670 dan goodin apr utc for more detailed analysis this catastrophic bug see this update which went live about hours after ars published this initial post. 
670 researchers have discovered extremely critical defect the cryptographic software library estimated two thirds web servers use identify themselves end users and prevent the eavesdropping passwords banking credentials and other sensitive data. 
670 the warning about the bug openssl coincided with the release version. 
670 the open source program which the default cryptographic library used the apache and nginx web server applications well wide variety operating systems and mail and instant messaging clients. 
670 the bug which has resided production versions openssl for more than two years could make possible for people recover the private encryption key the heart the digital certificates used authenticate internet servers and encrypt data traveling between them and end users. 
670 attacks leave traces server logs theres way knowing the bug has been actively exploited. 
670 still the risk extraordinary given the ability disclose keys passwords and other credentials that could used future compromises. 
670 bugs single software library come and and are fixed new versions the researchers who discovered the vulnerability wrote blog post published monday. 
670 however this bug has left large amount private keys and other secrets exposed the internet. 
670 considering the long exposure ease exploitations and attacks leaving trace this exposure should taken seriously. 
670 the researchers who work google and software security firm codenomicon said even after vulnerable websites install the openssl patch they may still remain vulnerable attacks. 
670 the risk stems from the possibility that attackers already exploited the vulnerability recover the private key the digital certificate passwords used administer the sites authentication cookies and similar credentials used validate users restricted parts website. 
670 fully recovering from the two year long vulnerability may also require revoking any exposed keys reissuing new keys and invalidating all session keys and session cookies. 
670 members the tor anonymity project have brief write the bug here and this analysis provides useful technical details. 
670 openssl far the internets most popular open source cryptographic library and tls implementation. 
670 the default encryption engine for apache nginx which according netcraft runs percent websites. 
670 openssl also ships wide variety operating systems and applications including the debian wheezy ubuntu centos fedora openbsd freebsd and opensuse distributions linux. 
670 the missing bounds check the handling the transport layer security tls heartbeat extension affects openssl. 
670 the bug which officially referenced cve makes possible for attackers recover kilobytes memory from the server client computer running vulnerable openssl version. 
670 nick sullivan systems engineer cloudflare content delivery network that patched the openssl vulnerability last week said his company still evaluating the likelihood that private keys appeared memory and were recovered attackers who knew how exploit the flaw before the disclosure. 
670 based the results the assessment the company may decide replace its underlying tls certificate take other actions said. 
670 attacking from the outsidethe researchers who discovered the vulnerability however were less optimistic about the risks saying the bug makes possible for attackers bypass virtually all tls protections and retrieve sensitive data residing the memory computers servers running openssl powered software. 
670 attacked ourselves from outside without leaving trace they wrote. 
670 without using any privileged information credentials were able steal from ourselves the secret keys used for our. 
670 certificates user names and passwords instant messages emails and business critical documents and communication. 
670 they called white hat hackers set honeypots vulnerable tls servers designed entrap attackers attempt see the bug being actively exploited the wild. 
670 the researchers have dubbed the vulnerability heartbleed because the underlying bug resides the openssl implementation the tls heartbeat extension described rfc the internet engineering task force. 
670 the openssl vulnerability the latest threaten the scheme thats the default and often only method for protecting websites mail other internet communications from attacks that allow hackers eavesdrop end users impersonate trusted websites. 
670 last month developers the gnutls library disclosed equally catastrophic bug that left hundreds open source applications open similar attacks. 
670 and february apple fixed extremely critical vulnerability the ios and operating systems that also made possible for hackers bypass protections. 
670 this post has been updated throughout add newly available links and details. 
670 com security critical crypto bug exposes yahoo mail passwords russian roulette style clearnet. 
670 org source openssl. 
670 org blog openssl bug cve clearnet. 
670 com diagnosis the openssl heartbleed bug. 
670 com archives april web server survey. 
670 org news secadv. 
670 com staying ahead openssl clearnet. 
670 org html rfc clearnet. 
670 com security critical crypto bug leaves linux hundreds apps open eavesdropping clearnet. 
670 com security new ios flaw makes devices susceptible covert keylogging researchers say clearnet source. 
670 com security critical crypto bug openssl opens two thirds the web eavesdropping clearnet zaphod. 
671 blue sky market support always responsive and always knows exactly what. 
671 may take hours but bsm will never steal coins. 
671 best support ive worked with any the markets. 
672 the may suggest you change the title this thread have merge the other into one and you have apologized but the title very misleading for someone skimming over the forum its only fair you were wrong that you alter this reckon dont you would have deleted but some positive feedback for bsm here this the reason has stayed put. 
673 from trolltergeist april amand there new tor update today. 
673 not addressing the current issue hand. 
673 ive already updated. 
673 here what the tor project had say their blog openssl bug cve posted april armain openssl security advisorya new openssl vulnerability. 
673 out today which can used reveal memory connected client server. 
673 youre using older openssl version youre safe. 
673 note that this bug affects way more programs than just tor expect everybody who runs webserver scrambling today. 
673 you need strong anonymity privacy the internet you might want stay away from the internet entirely for the next few days while things settle. 
673 here are our first thoughts what tor components are affected. 
673 clients the browser part tor browser shouldnt affected since uses libnss rather than openssl. 
673 but the tor client part tor clients could possibly induced send sensitive information like what sites you visited this session your entry guards. 
673 youre using tbb well have new bundles out shortly youre using your operating systems tor package you should get new openssl package and then sure manually restart your tor. 
673 relays and bridges tor relays and bridges could maybe made leak their medium term onion keys rotated once week their long term relay identity keys. 
673 attacker who has your relay identity key can publish new relay descriptor indicating that youre new location not particularly useful attack. 
673 attacker who has your relay identity key has your onion key and can intercept traffic flows your address can impersonate your relay but remember that tors multi hop design means that attacking just one relay the clients path not very useful. 
673 any case best practice would update your openssl package discard all the files keys your datadirectory and restart your tor generate new keys. 
673 you will need update your myfamily torrc lines you run multiple relays. 
673 hidden services tor hidden services might leak their long term hidden service identity keys their guard relays. 
673 like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
673 best practice would move new hidden service address your convenience. 
673 directory authorities addition the keys listed the relays and bridges section above tor directory authorities might leak their medium term authority signing keys. 
673 once youve updated your openssl package you should generate new signing key. 
673 long term directory authority identity keys are offline should not affected whew. 
673 more tricky that clients have your relay identity key hard coded please dont rotate that yet. 
673 well see how this unfolds and try think good solution there. 
673 tails still tracking debian oldstable should not affected this bug. 
673 orbot looks vulnerable they have some new packages available for testing. 
673 the webservers the. 
673 org rotation needed and got upgrades. 
673 maybe well need throw away our torproject ssl web cert and get new one too. 
674 hello fellow potheads. 
674 posting announce the upgrade market. 
674 should now much easier order from. 
674 onion farmer setup such way that zero trust the host required from either myself customers. 
674 all bitcoin addresses are provided directly via seeded wallet master public key and pgp public key available for encrypting your address. 
674 since the service allows for master public key means the bitcoins can not hacked. 
674 the moment you send them they are control off line and cold. 
674 secure direct automated sales. 
675 instructions for installing electrum tails can found deepdotwebs site you can ignore some the tmp specific stuff there. 
675 the rest sound. 
676 definitely seems like great idea but seems too good true. 
677 bad juju indeed. 
678 from crazy eights april pmhas any recently been able log onto darknet nation its not coming uplikely real loss. 
678 dude doesnt have pgp key his profile professes using clearnet for his site and uses javascript his. 
678 all these are indicators that the developer hasnt got clue and not taken seriously. 
678 ill grant you his site may not market site per but the authorities will nonetheless take interest the people that use will numbered among those who use marketplace sites. 
679 folks this just quick announcement about. 
679 com the fully anonymous bitcoin exchanger mixer and trading platform. 
679 using enumbered you can buy and sell bitcoins anonymously with western union moneypak and cash deposit bank america. 
679 you can also sell bitcoins and wire money into any sepa zone bank account within hrs. 
679 enumbered also provides anonymous debit card withdraw your anonymous cash including your bitcoin wallet funds most atm machines worldwide. 
679 the enumbered visa branded atm card works all countries enumbered features include buy and sell bitcoins anonymously withdraw cash anonymously with name visa branded atm card purchase anonymous virtual visa cards for use online launder and anonymize your bitcoins send and receive wire transfers all over the world send and receive fast sepa zone transfers full trading platform for buying and selling gold bullion oil stocks forex bitcoin and other instant peer peer transfers anonymous shopping cart for accepting bitcoin other your website top notch and responsive customer supportcheck out. 
680 good see youre going join the bsm family llamasocks. 
680 dont worry support bsm fair and point most the time. 
680 consider might just one person the back end. 
681 support usually point got give them time seems like its just one person behind the scenes. 
681 they always get shit done though. 
683 the ones who are using tails safe this for all the web like regular clearnet sites are all compromised right now. 
684 theyre calling heartbleed this sounds like appropriate name. 
685 yea ill take screen shots. 
686 they contacted clone account. 
686 sorry for the spaz. 
686 this was all done request reset pin. 
686 just had idea accound would vanish without notice. 
686 please dont troll this apology. 
687 from willowsmom april amblue sky market support always responsive and always knows exactly what. 
687 may take hours but bsm will never steal coins. 
687 best support ive worked with any the markets. 
687 yes have found bsm support good well. 
688 now says sorry attempts were already made reset that users password the last hours. 
688 please try again later. 
688 and cant take screen shot the pgp message decrypt. 
688 but decrypted times and used new passwords and still doesnt recognize the account. 
688 not wrong password captcha the account gone inactivated but the ability change the password still available. 
688 the fact that private key can still change the password but new password will access the account proof bluesky deactivated the account. 
688 even tried making new password with clone account make sure there wasnt glitch the password resetting procedure and was able change that password and login with the new one just fine. 
689 from greencrack april amso the ones who are using tails safe tails unaffected but any sites you may visit using tails may affected. 
689 from greencrack april amthis for all the web like regular clearnet sites are all compromised right now every site that uses ssl tls secure connections affected unless they are using older version that does not have the bug. 
689 there way determine whether any particular site has been previously compromised not. 
689 all you can test whether any particular site has been patched and longer vulnerable going one more the websites mentioned the following quotewhat should you dothere current forensic method test your system has been exploited. 
689 you are using openssl update openssl and key issue your ssl certificates. 
689 patching and updating alone are not enough. 
689 you are user that goes ssl protected sites change your passwords. 
689 yes change all your passwords. 
689 for services like gmail yahoo etc there telling how long the criminal underground attackers have had this vulnerability. 
689 openssl far the internet most popular open source cryptographic library and tls implementation. 
689 the default encryption engine for apache nginx which according netcraft runs percent websites. 
689 com archives april web server survey. 
689 html don use openssl connect untrusted open public networks hotspots until you can confirm your vpn client not vulnerable. 
689 not visit use websites that are vulnerable the attack. 
689 you can check website vulnerable bug going. 
689 com openssl heartbleed bug zaphod. 
690 this some seriously bad jujuthis security clusterfuck the first order. 
690 the richter scale applied security issues this one would. 
690 nutshell this vulnerability openssl allowed attacker grab chunks memory the system they were attacking. 
690 this chunk could include ssl private keys passwords other sensitive information. 
690 you will remember that one the snowden slide said ssl removed here. 
690 dont know this what they were talking about not. 
690 there way know which sites have been attacked had their private keys stolen. 
690 every site using ssl going have generate new ssl keypair hopefully bit and have signed certificate authority. 
690 this going make the debian ssl debacle look like picnic. 
690 quoterisk assessment security crypto bug openssl opens two thirds the web allow attackers obtain private keys used decrypt sensitive data. 
690 dan goodin apr utc for more detailed analysis this catastrophic bug see this update which went live about hours after ars published this initial post. 
690 researchers have discovered extremely critical defect the cryptographic software library estimated two thirds web servers use identify themselves end users and prevent the eavesdropping passwords banking credentials and other sensitive data. 
690 the warning about the bug openssl coincided with the release version. 
690 the open source program which the default cryptographic library used the apache and nginx web server applications well wide variety operating systems and mail and instant messaging clients. 
690 the bug which has resided production versions openssl for more than two years could make possible for people recover the private encryption key the heart the digital certificates used authenticate internet servers and encrypt data traveling between them and end users. 
690 attacks leave traces server logs theres way knowing the bug has been actively exploited. 
690 still the risk extraordinary given the ability disclose keys passwords and other credentials that could used future compromises. 
690 bugs single software library come and and are fixed new versions the researchers who discovered the vulnerability wrote blog post published monday. 
690 however this bug has left large amount private keys and other secrets exposed the internet. 
690 considering the long exposure ease exploitations and attacks leaving trace this exposure should taken seriously. 
690 the researchers who work google and software security firm codenomicon said even after vulnerable websites install the openssl patch they may still remain vulnerable attacks. 
690 the risk stems from the possibility that attackers already exploited the vulnerability recover the private key the digital certificate passwords used administer the sites authentication cookies and similar credentials used validate users restricted parts website. 
690 fully recovering from the two year long vulnerability may also require revoking any exposed keys reissuing new keys and invalidating all session keys and session cookies. 
690 members the tor anonymity project have brief write the bug here and this analysis provides useful technical details. 
690 openssl far the internets most popular open source cryptographic library and tls implementation. 
690 the default encryption engine for apache nginx which according netcraft runs percent websites. 
690 openssl also ships wide variety operating systems and applications including the debian wheezy ubuntu centos fedora openbsd freebsd and opensuse distributions linux. 
690 the missing bounds check the handling the transport layer security tls heartbeat extension affects openssl. 
690 the bug which officially referenced cve makes possible for attackers recover kilobytes memory from the server client computer running vulnerable openssl version. 
690 nick sullivan systems engineer cloudflare content delivery network that patched the openssl vulnerability last week said his company still evaluating the likelihood that private keys appeared memory and were recovered attackers who knew how exploit the flaw before the disclosure. 
690 based the results the assessment the company may decide replace its underlying tls certificate take other actions said. 
690 attacking from the outsidethe researchers who discovered the vulnerability however were less optimistic about the risks saying the bug makes possible for attackers bypass virtually all tls protections and retrieve sensitive data residing the memory computers servers running openssl powered software. 
690 attacked ourselves from outside without leaving trace they wrote. 
690 without using any privileged information credentials were able steal from ourselves the secret keys used for our. 
690 certificates user names and passwords instant messages emails and business critical documents and communication. 
690 they called white hat hackers set honeypots vulnerable tls servers designed entrap attackers attempt see the bug being actively exploited the wild. 
690 the researchers have dubbed the vulnerability heartbleed because the underlying bug resides the openssl implementation the tls heartbeat extension described rfc the internet engineering task force. 
690 the openssl vulnerability the latest threaten the scheme thats the default and often only method for protecting websites mail other internet communications from attacks that allow hackers eavesdrop end users impersonate trusted websites. 
690 last month developers the gnutls library disclosed equally catastrophic bug that left hundreds open source applications open similar attacks. 
690 and february apple fixed extremely critical vulnerability the ios and operating systems that also made possible for hackers bypass protections. 
690 this post has been updated throughout add newly available links and details. 
690 com security critical crypto bug exposes yahoo mail passwords russian roulette style clearnet. 
690 org source openssl. 
690 org blog openssl bug cve clearnet. 
690 com diagnosis the openssl heartbleed bug. 
690 com archives april web server survey. 
690 org news secadv. 
690 com staying ahead openssl clearnet. 
690 org html rfc clearnet. 
690 com security critical crypto bug leaves linux hundreds apps open eavesdropping clearnet. 
690 com security new ios flaw makes devices susceptible covert keylogging researchers say clearnet source. 
690 com security critical crypto bug openssl opens two thirds the web eavesdropping clearnet zaphod. 
691 blue sky market support always responsive and always knows exactly what. 
691 may take hours but bsm will never steal coins. 
691 best support ive worked with any the markets. 
692 the may suggest you change the title this thread have merge the other into one and you have apologized but the title very misleading for someone skimming over the forum its only fair you were wrong that you alter this reckon dont you would have deleted but some positive feedback for bsm here this the reason has stayed put. 
693 from trolltergeist april amand there new tor update today. 
693 not addressing the current issue hand. 
693 ive already updated. 
693 here what the tor project had say their blog openssl bug cve posted april armain openssl security advisorya new openssl vulnerability. 
693 out today which can used reveal memory connected client server. 
693 youre using older openssl version youre safe. 
693 note that this bug affects way more programs than just tor expect everybody who runs webserver scrambling today. 
693 you need strong anonymity privacy the internet you might want stay away from the internet entirely for the next few days while things settle. 
693 here are our first thoughts what tor components are affected. 
693 clients the browser part tor browser shouldnt affected since uses libnss rather than openssl. 
693 but the tor client part tor clients could possibly induced send sensitive information like what sites you visited this session your entry guards. 
693 youre using tbb well have new bundles out shortly youre using your operating systems tor package you should get new openssl package and then sure manually restart your tor. 
693 relays and bridges tor relays and bridges could maybe made leak their medium term onion keys rotated once week their long term relay identity keys. 
693 attacker who has your relay identity key can publish new relay descriptor indicating that youre new location not particularly useful attack. 
693 attacker who has your relay identity key has your onion key and can intercept traffic flows your address can impersonate your relay but remember that tors multi hop design means that attacking just one relay the clients path not very useful. 
693 any case best practice would update your openssl package discard all the files keys your datadirectory and restart your tor generate new keys. 
693 you will need update your myfamily torrc lines you run multiple relays. 
693 hidden services tor hidden services might leak their long term hidden service identity keys their guard relays. 
693 like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
693 best practice would move new hidden service address your convenience. 
693 directory authorities addition the keys listed the relays and bridges section above tor directory authorities might leak their medium term authority signing keys. 
693 once youve updated your openssl package you should generate new signing key. 
693 long term directory authority identity keys are offline should not affected whew. 
693 more tricky that clients have your relay identity key hard coded please dont rotate that yet. 
693 well see how this unfolds and try think good solution there. 
693 tails still tracking debian oldstable should not affected this bug. 
693 orbot looks vulnerable they have some new packages available for testing. 
693 the webservers the. 
693 org rotation needed and got upgrades. 
693 maybe well need throw away our torproject ssl web cert and get new one too. 
694 hello fellow potheads. 
694 posting announce the upgrade market. 
694 should now much easier order from. 
694 onion farmer setup such way that zero trust the host required from either myself customers. 
694 all bitcoin addresses are provided directly via seeded wallet master public key and pgp public key available for encrypting your address. 
694 since the service allows for master public key means the bitcoins can not hacked. 
694 the moment you send them they are control off line and cold. 
694 secure direct automated sales. 
695 instructions for installing electrum tails can found deepdotwebs site you can ignore some the tmp specific stuff there. 
695 the rest sound. 
696 definitely seems like great idea but seems too good true. 
697 bad juju indeed. 
698 from crazy eights april pmhas any recently been able log onto darknet nation its not coming uplikely real loss. 
698 dude doesnt have pgp key his profile professes using clearnet for his site and uses javascript his. 
698 all these are indicators that the developer hasnt got clue and not taken seriously. 
698 ill grant you his site may not market site per but the authorities will nonetheless take interest the people that use will numbered among those who use marketplace sites. 
699 folks this just quick announcement about. 
699 com the fully anonymous bitcoin exchanger mixer and trading platform. 
699 using enumbered you can buy and sell bitcoins anonymously with western union moneypak and cash deposit bank america. 
699 you can also sell bitcoins and wire money into any sepa zone bank account within hrs. 
699 enumbered also provides anonymous debit card withdraw your anonymous cash including your bitcoin wallet funds most atm machines worldwide. 
699 the enumbered visa branded atm card works all countries enumbered features include buy and sell bitcoins anonymously withdraw cash anonymously with name visa branded atm card purchase anonymous virtual visa cards for use online launder and anonymize your bitcoins send and receive wire transfers all over the world send and receive fast sepa zone transfers full trading platform for buying and selling gold bullion oil stocks forex bitcoin and other instant peer peer transfers anonymous shopping cart for accepting bitcoin other your website top notch and responsive customer supportcheck out. 
700 from deepify april pmhey sent you that heard your feedback and updated the directory make bit easier navigate and search. 
700 onion home have sent you couple three messages with some thoughts but you seem have disappeared again. 
701 from trc april amalbert your markets commision. 
701 have found those figures all over the. 
701 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
701 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
701 you have your sig have read and was quoted alberts sig mentions the referral bonus commission. 
701 meaning when vendor signs with your link you get what they pay. 
701 you are asking what the fee for vending pretty sure its but could. 
701 but again pretty sure that paid the buyer. 
702 albert your markets commision. 
702 have found those figures all over the. 
702 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
702 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
702 you have your sig have read and was quoted. 
703 thanks for clearing that one. 
704 from chiefkeef april pmdefinitely seems like great idea but seems too good true. 
704 does just look like way get peoples bitcoins. 
704 they seem have every payment option available. 
705 have been considering bonding account pandora for while now. 
705 just popped over here check the latest news and wow they got hacked and thats bummer. 
705 sounds like they have recovery plan effect but just cant get good feel for think its actually going worth time. 
705 any predictions where this shop going. 
707 from megamandy april amquote from chiefkeef april pmdefinitely seems like great idea but seems too good true. 
707 does just look like way get peoples bitcoins. 
707 they seem have every payment option available. 
707 lot people are saying they were scammed this website. 
708 from evilgrin april amquote from trc april amalbert your markets commision. 
708 have found those figures all over the. 
708 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
708 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
708 you have your sig have read and was quoted alberts sig mentions the referral bonus commission. 
708 meaning when vendor signs with your link you get what they pay. 
708 you are asking what the fee for vending pretty sure its but could. 
708 but again pretty sure that paid the buyer. 
708 just you hear from the horses mouth here are the details once again. 
708 vendor sale commissions are has always been zero nada zilch all funds received the order for the products are yours for keeps vendor furthermore dont charge fee cashouts. 
708 and mentioned with tba. 
708 buyers pay btc sale comission downward scale depending the value order this since didnt want vendors the ones always paying the fees this was our way balance out. 
708 summarize vendors pay one time registration fee buyers pay nothing buyers pay sale commission and vendor pay nothing you like think its fair game. 
708 come join and see what else offer also yes are referral payout bonus for referring awesome vendor hope that clarifies. 
709 from vesp april pmis this already implemented assume all just the latest version bitwasp vesp the multi sig portion the site not public just yet. 
709 but its open select members mostly vendors for testing out the codes and that they can wrap their heads around bit head start how process orders when the site goes live. 
709 after bit tidying the latest codes. 
709 now works seamlessly with bitcoind bitcoin core. 
709 though client should chose use online wallets services weve noticed few wallet key compatibilty issue. 
709 the uncompressed keys work fine. 
709 but loading the output hex back seems where the likely bug. 
709 but should ironed out soon enough. 
710 hello today would like announce that started our own tumbler service about the tumbler service possible wallets which means can send your bitcoins different wallets random transfer times. 
710 its always random when youll receive the bitcoins. 
710 can take from minutes hours only fee. 
710 logs everything deleted after bitcoins has been sent outhow does the tumbler work you deposit bitcoins blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet the tumbler not available for the. 
711 mods please delete this thread change the name. 
711 this does not help the market grow. 
711 this exactly what happened the forums when bsm first started that halted the growth tremendously. 
711 suspect you have been raped silk road and now you are quick the trigger throw market the dirt. 
711 online feedback all these mrkets vendors have and all takes couple these types threads absolutely ruin repuations needlessly. 
711 edit least change the title. 
711 blue sky market has been hands down the most consistent and supportive dnm since and has even more features security and functionality wise than any market date. 
712 thats strange have had few matters taken care very quickly recently. 
712 fact asked could delete all messages without having manually and within the hour new feature was put delete all messages. 
712 they not only answer promptly but also implement features light speed. 
712 maybe llama you should try again reach them. 
712 honestly have not waited longer then hours for response for months now. 
712 and they don respond via message they respond with change. 
712 dont worry llama sorry you have been ignored but sure that support will get back you you try once more. 
713 trying support ticket seems have dissappeared now. 
713 whats the business like bsm. 
714 firstly got hacked then the owner starts charging vendors commission and user withdrawals. 
714 its going long long way down. 
714 owner has pissed off both vendors and buyers. 
714 definitely not going use this website again. 
714 much better alternatives. 
714 surprised hasnt died already because basically dead site. 
714 also there support all. 
715 electrum uses pythons ssl library. 
715 pythons ssl based openssl. 
715 org library ssl. 
715 html tails electrum users have nothing fear squeezes openssl based branch without the bug. 
715 not sure however what version ssl the window binary compiled against know that vunerable not. 
716 and now cant get all terp. 
717 been looking come back for while now guys this market cool. 
717 been nervous with all this coin stealing that has been going between these other markets. 
717 not buying that hacked shit. 
718 from vesp april pmis this already implemented assume all just the latest version bitwasp vesp the multi sig portion the site not public just yet. 
718 but its open select members mostly vendors for testing out the codes and that they can wrap their heads around bit head start how process orders when the site goes live. 
718 after bit tidying the latest codes. 
718 now works seamlessly with bitcoind bitcoin core. 
718 though client should chose use online wallets services weve noticed few wallet key compatibilty issue. 
718 the uncompressed keys work fine. 
718 but loading the output hex back seems where the likely bug. 
718 but should ironed out soon enough. 
719 from evilgrin april amquote from trc april amalbert your markets commision. 
719 have found those figures all over the. 
719 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
719 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
719 you have your sig have read and was quoted alberts sig mentions the referral bonus commission. 
719 meaning when vendor signs with your link you get what they pay. 
719 you are asking what the fee for vending pretty sure its but could. 
719 but again pretty sure that paid the buyer. 
719 just you hear from the horses mouth here are the details once again. 
719 vendor sale commissions are has always been zero nada zilch all funds received the order for the products are yours for keeps vendor furthermore dont charge fee cashouts. 
719 and mentioned with tba. 
719 buyers pay btc sale comission downward scale depending the value order this since didnt want vendors the ones always paying the fees this was our way balance out. 
719 summarize vendors pay one time registration fee buyers pay nothing buyers pay sale commission and vendor pay nothing you like think its fair game. 
719 come join and see what else offer also yes are referral payout bonus for referring awesome vendor hope that clarifies. 
720 trying support ticket seems have dissappeared now. 
720 whats the business like bsm. 
721 thats strange have had few matters taken care very quickly recently. 
721 fact asked could delete all messages without having manually and within the hour new feature was put delete all messages. 
721 they not only answer promptly but also implement features light speed. 
721 maybe llama you should try again reach them. 
721 honestly have not waited longer then hours for response for months now. 
721 and they don respond via message they respond with change. 
721 dont worry llama sorry you have been ignored but sure that support will get back you you try once more. 
722 firstly got hacked then the owner starts charging vendors commission and user withdrawals. 
722 its going long long way down. 
722 owner has pissed off both vendors and buyers. 
722 definitely not going use this website again. 
722 much better alternatives. 
722 surprised hasnt died already because basically dead site. 
722 also there support all. 
723 been looking come back for while now guys this market cool. 
723 been nervous with all this coin stealing that has been going between these other markets. 
723 not buying that hacked shit. 
724 from trc april amalbert your markets commision. 
724 have found those figures all over the. 
724 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
724 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
724 you have your sig have read and was quoted alberts sig mentions the referral bonus commission. 
724 meaning when vendor signs with your link you get what they pay. 
724 you are asking what the fee for vending pretty sure its but could. 
724 but again pretty sure that paid the buyer. 
725 albert your markets commision. 
725 have found those figures all over the. 
725 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
725 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
725 you have your sig have read and was quoted. 
726 thanks for clearing that one. 
727 from chiefkeef april pmdefinitely seems like great idea but seems too good true. 
727 does just look like way get peoples bitcoins. 
727 they seem have every payment option available. 
728 thanks updated that post again electrum. 
728 ldd which torchat not dynamic going depend the operating system. 
728 windows whichever linux distro and version you use and whichever version openssl the maintainers used you installed from repository. 
728 best thing compile from source with fixed version openssl your system. 
729 putty the windows ssh client not vulnerable. 
729 winscp uses openssl and vulnerable. 
729 filezilla uses gcrypt and not vulnerable. 
729 since there have been couple git hidden services wonder how git handles encryption. 
729 ldd doesnt show any linked encryption libraries. 
729 the encryption must baked and its hard find documentation google searches git openssl and encryption. 
729 sgtatham putty faq. 
729 html faq openssh. 
729 net winscp news winscp released. 
730 like how the tor devs suggest change your onion address your convenience its convenient for any major hidden service but considering any relay any circuit that your hidden service built the last years could have stolen your private keys that the best thing. 
730 have zero information that any hidden service has been impersonated other than standard phishing sites but the nsa didnt know about the bug before they know about now. 
731 lets compile list software that people use over tor and that may vulnerable the heartbleed exploit. 
731 tor browser has components firefox and tor. 
731 firefox uses mozillas nss library for ssl not vulnerable. 
731 tor vulnerable you should upgrade the latest tor browser. 
731 attacker could potentially read your session data including sites you visit login cookies proving you are specific person logged into market forum etc. 
731 ssh uses openssl and vulnerable. 
731 openvpn uses openssl and vulnerable. 
731 curl uses openssl and vulnerable. 
731 wget uses openssl and vulnerable. 
731 ntp uses openssl and vulnerable. 
731 all these dynamically link libssl the library needs upgraded fixed version. 
731 the case sshd ntp and openvpn which usually run continuously they should restarted after updating libssl. 
731 pidgin libpurple uses nss and not vulnerable. 
731 adium uses libpurple which uses nss not vulnerable. 
731 otr all plugins that aware use gcrypt and are not vulnerable. 
731 mirc havent checked but since its windows only assuming its not vulnerable. 
731 xchat the linux version and possibly the windows version use openssl for client server encryption. 
731 the major issue here you connected hidden service irc server while simultaneously connecting over clearnet irc server with ssl. 
731 the clearnet server could deanonymize you specific user the hidden service irc. 
731 you should update openssl immediately. 
731 feel free add this list. 
732 pre built electrum binaries from electrum built using openssl. 
732 and not vulnerable. 
732 electrum ran from python source dynamically links openssl version system make sure the openssl package updatedtorchat uses openssl library but uncertain which build. 
732 could vulnerable bitmessage based compilation instructions bitmessage uses openssl and could vulnerable the system using exploitable buildaccording thomas voegtlin one the developers electrum all binaries directly from their official website are built using openssl. 
732 and not vulnerable the exploit. 
732 you run electrum from python source will use the version openssl that installed your system. 
732 msg msg the moment also trying ascertain which other applications that use vulnerable openssl libraries. 
732 does anyone know torchat built the vulnerable openssl libraries any application that provides anonymity and has heartbeat enabled under fire. 
732 any anonymity application that functions server all applications are server like and uses openssl could potentially exploited and details the memory could possibly contain information that reveals the real identity user. 
732 this not mentioned much popular media not the primary concern the general public but reality for every one the darknet community. 
732 best check all applications used for communication they are often run directly from the system. 
732 guess this prime example why using non persistent such tails important even then running tails with the real exposed the the moment possibly dangerous user using pre built binaries that not dynamically link the systems openssl. 
733 bitcoin uses openssl and vulnerable version. 
733 but not any versions before after. 
733 this particularly nefarious because attacker could steal your private keys and therefore your coins they are loaded into ram some point like you broadcast transaction. 
733 links against openssl. 
733 which fixes the bug you should upgrade immediately. 
733 electrum uses openssl and vulnerable any linux distro that uses the vulnerable versions. 
733 the prebuilt windows binaries are not vulnerable. 
734 electrum uses pythons ssl library. 
734 pythons ssl based openssl. 
734 org library ssl. 
734 html tails electrum users have nothing fear squeezes openssl based branch without the bug. 
734 not sure however what version ssl the window binary compiled against know that vunerable not. 
736 mods please delete this thread change the name. 
736 this does not help the market grow. 
736 this exactly what happened the forums when bsm first started that halted the growth tremendously. 
736 suspect you have been raped silk road and now you are quick the trigger throw market the dirt. 
736 online feedback all these mrkets vendors have and all takes couple these types threads absolutely ruin repuations needlessly. 
736 edit least change the title. 
736 blue sky market has been hands down the most consistent and supportive dnm since and has even more features security and functionality wise than any market date. 
737 thats strange have had few matters taken care very quickly recently. 
737 fact asked could delete all messages without having manually and within the hour new feature was put delete all messages. 
737 they not only answer promptly but also implement features light speed. 
737 maybe llama you should try again reach them. 
737 honestly have not waited longer then hours for response for months now. 
737 and they don respond via message they respond with change. 
737 dont worry llama sorry you have been ignored but sure that support will get back you you try once more. 
738 trying support ticket seems have dissappeared now. 
738 whats the business like bsm. 
739 been looking come back for while now guys this market cool. 
739 been nervous with all this coin stealing that has been going between these other markets. 
739 not buying that hacked shit. 
740 lets compile list software that people use over tor and that may vulnerable the heartbleed exploit. 
740 tor browser has components firefox and tor. 
740 firefox uses mozillas nss library for ssl not vulnerable. 
740 tor vulnerable you should upgrade the latest tor browser. 
740 attacker could potentially read your session data including sites you visit login cookies proving you are specific person logged into market forum etc. 
740 ssh uses openssl and vulnerable. 
740 openvpn uses openssl and vulnerable. 
740 curl uses openssl and vulnerable. 
740 wget uses openssl and vulnerable. 
740 ntp uses openssl and vulnerable. 
740 all these dynamically link libssl the library needs upgraded fixed version. 
740 the case sshd ntp and openvpn which usually run continuously they should restarted after updating libssl. 
740 pidgin libpurple uses nss and not vulnerable. 
740 adium uses libpurple which uses nss not vulnerable. 
740 otr all plugins that aware use gcrypt and are not vulnerable. 
740 mirc havent checked but since its windows only assuming its not vulnerable. 
740 xchat the linux version and possibly the windows version use openssl for client server encryption. 
740 the major issue here you connected hidden service irc server while simultaneously connecting over clearnet irc server with ssl. 
740 the clearnet server could deanonymize you specific user the hidden service irc. 
740 you should update openssl immediately. 
740 feel free add this list. 
741 pre built electrum binaries from electrum built using openssl. 
741 and not vulnerable. 
741 electrum ran from python source dynamically links openssl version system make sure the openssl package updatedtorchat uses openssl library but uncertain which build. 
741 could vulnerable bitmessage based compilation instructions bitmessage uses openssl and could vulnerable the system using exploitable buildaccording thomas voegtlin one the developers electrum all binaries directly from their official website are built using openssl. 
741 and not vulnerable the exploit. 
741 you run electrum from python source will use the version openssl that installed your system. 
741 msg msg the moment also trying ascertain which other applications that use vulnerable openssl libraries. 
741 does anyone know torchat built the vulnerable openssl libraries any application that provides anonymity and has heartbeat enabled under fire. 
741 any anonymity application that functions server all applications are server like and uses openssl could potentially exploited and details the memory could possibly contain information that reveals the real identity user. 
741 this not mentioned much popular media not the primary concern the general public but reality for every one the darknet community. 
741 best check all applications used for communication they are often run directly from the system. 
741 guess this prime example why using non persistent such tails important even then running tails with the real exposed the the moment possibly dangerous user using pre built binaries that not dynamically link the systems openssl. 
742 bitcoin uses openssl and vulnerable version. 
742 but not any versions before after. 
742 this particularly nefarious because attacker could steal your private keys and therefore your coins they are loaded into ram some point like you broadcast transaction. 
742 links against openssl. 
742 which fixes the bug you should upgrade immediately. 
742 electrum uses openssl and vulnerable any linux distro that uses the vulnerable versions. 
742 the prebuilt windows binaries are not vulnerable. 
743 putty the windows ssh client not vulnerable. 
743 winscp uses openssl and vulnerable. 
743 filezilla uses gcrypt and not vulnerable. 
743 since there have been couple git hidden services wonder how git handles encryption. 
743 ldd doesnt show any linked encryption libraries. 
743 the encryption must baked and its hard find documentation google searches git openssl and encryption. 
743 sgtatham putty faq. 
743 html faq openssh. 
743 net winscp news winscp released. 
744 like how the tor devs suggest change your onion address your convenience its convenient for any major hidden service but considering any relay any circuit that your hidden service built the last years could have stolen your private keys that the best thing. 
744 have zero information that any hidden service has been impersonated other than standard phishing sites but the nsa didnt know about the bug before they know about now. 
745 like how the tor devs suggest change your onion address your convenience its convenient for any major hidden service but considering any relay any circuit that your hidden service built the last years could have stolen your private keys that the best thing. 
745 have zero information that any hidden service has been impersonated other than standard phishing sites but the nsa didnt know about the bug before they know about now. 
746 lets compile list software that people use over tor and that may vulnerable the heartbleed exploit. 
746 tor browser has components firefox and tor. 
746 firefox uses mozillas nss library for ssl not vulnerable. 
746 tor vulnerable you should upgrade the latest tor browser. 
746 attacker could potentially read your session data including sites you visit login cookies proving you are specific person logged into market forum etc. 
746 ssh uses openssl and vulnerable. 
746 openvpn uses openssl and vulnerable. 
746 curl uses openssl and vulnerable. 
746 wget uses openssl and vulnerable. 
746 ntp uses openssl and vulnerable. 
746 all these dynamically link libssl the library needs upgraded fixed version. 
746 the case sshd ntp and openvpn which usually run continuously they should restarted after updating libssl. 
746 pidgin libpurple uses nss and not vulnerable. 
746 adium uses libpurple which uses nss not vulnerable. 
746 otr all plugins that aware use gcrypt and are not vulnerable. 
746 mirc havent checked but since its windows only assuming its not vulnerable. 
746 xchat the linux version and possibly the windows version use openssl for client server encryption. 
746 the major issue here you connected hidden service irc server while simultaneously connecting over clearnet irc server with ssl. 
746 the clearnet server could deanonymize you specific user the hidden service irc. 
746 you should update openssl immediately. 
746 feel free add this list. 
747 pre built electrum binaries from electrum built using openssl. 
747 and not vulnerable. 
747 electrum ran from python source dynamically links openssl version system make sure the openssl package updatedtorchat uses openssl library but uncertain which build. 
747 could vulnerable bitmessage based compilation instructions bitmessage uses openssl and could vulnerable the system using exploitable buildaccording thomas voegtlin one the developers electrum all binaries directly from their official website are built using openssl. 
747 and not vulnerable the exploit. 
747 you run electrum from python source will use the version openssl that installed your system. 
747 msg msg the moment also trying ascertain which other applications that use vulnerable openssl libraries. 
747 does anyone know torchat built the vulnerable openssl libraries any application that provides anonymity and has heartbeat enabled under fire. 
747 any anonymity application that functions server all applications are server like and uses openssl could potentially exploited and details the memory could possibly contain information that reveals the real identity user. 
747 this not mentioned much popular media not the primary concern the general public but reality for every one the darknet community. 
747 best check all applications used for communication they are often run directly from the system. 
747 guess this prime example why using non persistent such tails important even then running tails with the real exposed the the moment possibly dangerous user using pre built binaries that not dynamically link the systems openssl. 
748 putty the windows ssh client not vulnerable. 
748 winscp uses openssl and vulnerable. 
748 filezilla uses gcrypt and not vulnerable. 
748 since there have been couple git hidden services wonder how git handles encryption. 
748 ldd doesnt show any linked encryption libraries. 
748 the encryption must baked and its hard find documentation google searches git openssl and encryption. 
748 sgtatham putty faq. 
748 html faq openssh. 
748 net winscp news winscp released. 
749 bitcoin uses openssl and vulnerable version. 
749 but not any versions before after. 
749 this particularly nefarious because attacker could steal your private keys and therefore your coins they are loaded into ram some point like you broadcast transaction. 
749 links against openssl. 
749 which fixes the bug you should upgrade immediately. 
749 electrum uses openssl and vulnerable any linux distro that uses the vulnerable versions. 
749 the prebuilt windows binaries are not vulnerable. 
750 thanks updated that post again electrum. 
750 ldd which torchat not dynamic going depend the operating system. 
750 windows whichever linux distro and version you use and whichever version openssl the maintainers used you installed from repository. 
750 best thing compile from source with fixed version openssl your system. 
751 from deepify april pmhey sent you that heard your feedback and updated the directory make bit easier navigate and search. 
751 onion home have sent you couple three messages with some thoughts but you seem have disappeared again. 
752 from trc april amalbert your markets commision. 
752 have found those figures all over the. 
752 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
752 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
752 you have your sig have read and was quoted alberts sig mentions the referral bonus commission. 
752 meaning when vendor signs with your link you get what they pay. 
752 you are asking what the fee for vending pretty sure its but could. 
752 but again pretty sure that paid the buyer. 
753 albert your markets commision. 
753 have found those figures all over the. 
753 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
753 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
753 you have your sig have read and was quoted. 
754 thanks for clearing that one. 
755 from chiefkeef april pmdefinitely seems like great idea but seems too good true. 
755 does just look like way get peoples bitcoins. 
755 they seem have every payment option available. 
756 have been considering bonding account pandora for while now. 
756 just popped over here check the latest news and wow they got hacked and thats bummer. 
756 sounds like they have recovery plan effect but just cant get good feel for think its actually going worth time. 
756 any predictions where this shop going. 
757 have been considering bonding account pandora for while now. 
757 just popped over here check the latest news and wow they got hacked and thats bummer. 
757 sounds like they have recovery plan effect but just cant get good feel for think its actually going worth time. 
757 any predictions where this shop going. 
758 from megamandy april amquote from chiefkeef april pmdefinitely seems like great idea but seems too good true. 
758 does just look like way get peoples bitcoins. 
758 they seem have every payment option available. 
758 lot people are saying they were scammed this website. 
759 from evilgrin april amquote from trc april amalbert your markets commision. 
759 have found those figures all over the. 
759 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
759 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
759 you have your sig have read and was quoted alberts sig mentions the referral bonus commission. 
759 meaning when vendor signs with your link you get what they pay. 
759 you are asking what the fee for vending pretty sure its but could. 
759 but again pretty sure that paid the buyer. 
759 just you hear from the horses mouth here are the details once again. 
759 vendor sale commissions are has always been zero nada zilch all funds received the order for the products are yours for keeps vendor furthermore dont charge fee cashouts. 
759 and mentioned with tba. 
759 buyers pay btc sale comission downward scale depending the value order this since didnt want vendors the ones always paying the fees this was our way balance out. 
759 summarize vendors pay one time registration fee buyers pay nothing buyers pay sale commission and vendor pay nothing you like think its fair game. 
759 come join and see what else offer also yes are referral payout bonus for referring awesome vendor hope that clarifies. 
760 from vesp april pmis this already implemented assume all just the latest version bitwasp vesp the multi sig portion the site not public just yet. 
760 but its open select members mostly vendors for testing out the codes and that they can wrap their heads around bit head start how process orders when the site goes live. 
760 after bit tidying the latest codes. 
760 now works seamlessly with bitcoind bitcoin core. 
760 though client should chose use online wallets services weve noticed few wallet key compatibilty issue. 
760 the uncompressed keys work fine. 
760 but loading the output hex back seems where the likely bug. 
760 but should ironed out soon enough. 
761 thanks updated that post again electrum. 
761 ldd which torchat not dynamic going depend the operating system. 
761 windows whichever linux distro and version you use and whichever version openssl the maintainers used you installed from repository. 
761 best thing compile from source with fixed version openssl your system. 
762 firstly got hacked then the owner starts charging vendors commission and user withdrawals. 
762 its going long long way down. 
762 owner has pissed off both vendors and buyers. 
762 definitely not going use this website again. 
762 much better alternatives. 
762 surprised hasnt died already because basically dead site. 
762 also there support all. 
763 been looking come back for while now guys this market cool. 
763 been nervous with all this coin stealing that has been going between these other markets. 
763 not buying that hacked shit. 
764 from trc april amalbert your markets commision. 
764 have found those figures all over the. 
764 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
764 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
764 you have your sig have read and was quoted alberts sig mentions the referral bonus commission. 
764 meaning when vendor signs with your link you get what they pay. 
764 you are asking what the fee for vending pretty sure its but could. 
764 but again pretty sure that paid the buyer. 
765 albert your markets commision. 
765 have found those figures all over the. 
765 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
765 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
765 you have your sig have read and was quoted. 
766 thanks for clearing that one. 
767 from chiefkeef april pmdefinitely seems like great idea but seems too good true. 
767 does just look like way get peoples bitcoins. 
767 they seem have every payment option available. 
768 thanks updated that post again electrum. 
768 ldd which torchat not dynamic going depend the operating system. 
768 windows whichever linux distro and version you use and whichever version openssl the maintainers used you installed from repository. 
768 best thing compile from source with fixed version openssl your system. 
769 putty the windows ssh client not vulnerable. 
769 winscp uses openssl and vulnerable. 
769 filezilla uses gcrypt and not vulnerable. 
769 since there have been couple git hidden services wonder how git handles encryption. 
769 ldd doesnt show any linked encryption libraries. 
769 the encryption must baked and its hard find documentation google searches git openssl and encryption. 
769 sgtatham putty faq. 
769 html faq openssh. 
769 net winscp news winscp released. 
770 like how the tor devs suggest change your onion address your convenience its convenient for any major hidden service but considering any relay any circuit that your hidden service built the last years could have stolen your private keys that the best thing. 
770 have zero information that any hidden service has been impersonated other than standard phishing sites but the nsa didnt know about the bug before they know about now. 
771 lets compile list software that people use over tor and that may vulnerable the heartbleed exploit. 
771 tor browser has components firefox and tor. 
771 firefox uses mozillas nss library for ssl not vulnerable. 
771 tor vulnerable you should upgrade the latest tor browser. 
771 attacker could potentially read your session data including sites you visit login cookies proving you are specific person logged into market forum etc. 
771 ssh uses openssl and vulnerable. 
771 openvpn uses openssl and vulnerable. 
771 curl uses openssl and vulnerable. 
771 wget uses openssl and vulnerable. 
771 ntp uses openssl and vulnerable. 
771 all these dynamically link libssl the library needs upgraded fixed version. 
771 the case sshd ntp and openvpn which usually run continuously they should restarted after updating libssl. 
771 pidgin libpurple uses nss and not vulnerable. 
771 adium uses libpurple which uses nss not vulnerable. 
771 otr all plugins that aware use gcrypt and are not vulnerable. 
771 mirc havent checked but since its windows only assuming its not vulnerable. 
771 xchat the linux version and possibly the windows version use openssl for client server encryption. 
771 the major issue here you connected hidden service irc server while simultaneously connecting over clearnet irc server with ssl. 
771 the clearnet server could deanonymize you specific user the hidden service irc. 
771 you should update openssl immediately. 
771 feel free add this list. 
772 pre built electrum binaries from electrum built using openssl. 
772 and not vulnerable. 
772 electrum ran from python source dynamically links openssl version system make sure the openssl package updatedtorchat uses openssl library but uncertain which build. 
772 could vulnerable bitmessage based compilation instructions bitmessage uses openssl and could vulnerable the system using exploitable buildaccording thomas voegtlin one the developers electrum all binaries directly from their official website are built using openssl. 
772 and not vulnerable the exploit. 
772 you run electrum from python source will use the version openssl that installed your system. 
772 msg msg the moment also trying ascertain which other applications that use vulnerable openssl libraries. 
772 does anyone know torchat built the vulnerable openssl libraries any application that provides anonymity and has heartbeat enabled under fire. 
772 any anonymity application that functions server all applications are server like and uses openssl could potentially exploited and details the memory could possibly contain information that reveals the real identity user. 
772 this not mentioned much popular media not the primary concern the general public but reality for every one the darknet community. 
772 best check all applications used for communication they are often run directly from the system. 
772 guess this prime example why using non persistent such tails important even then running tails with the real exposed the the moment possibly dangerous user using pre built binaries that not dynamically link the systems openssl. 
773 bitcoin uses openssl and vulnerable version. 
773 but not any versions before after. 
773 this particularly nefarious because attacker could steal your private keys and therefore your coins they are loaded into ram some point like you broadcast transaction. 
773 links against openssl. 
773 which fixes the bug you should upgrade immediately. 
773 electrum uses openssl and vulnerable any linux distro that uses the vulnerable versions. 
773 the prebuilt windows binaries are not vulnerable. 
774 electrum uses pythons ssl library. 
774 pythons ssl based openssl. 
774 org library ssl. 
774 html tails electrum users have nothing fear squeezes openssl based branch without the bug. 
774 not sure however what version ssl the window binary compiled against know that vunerable not. 
775 thats strange have had few matters taken care very quickly recently. 
775 fact asked could delete all messages without having manually and within the hour new feature was put delete all messages. 
775 they not only answer promptly but also implement features light speed. 
775 maybe llama you should try again reach them. 
775 honestly have not waited longer then hours for response for months now. 
775 and they don respond via message they respond with change. 
775 dont worry llama sorry you have been ignored but sure that support will get back you you try once more. 
776 trying support ticket seems have dissappeared now. 
776 whats the business like bsm. 
777 mods please delete this thread change the name. 
777 this does not help the market grow. 
777 this exactly what happened the forums when bsm first started that halted the growth tremendously. 
777 suspect you have been raped silk road and now you are quick the trigger throw market the dirt. 
777 online feedback all these mrkets vendors have and all takes couple these types threads absolutely ruin repuations needlessly. 
777 edit least change the title. 
777 blue sky market has been hands down the most consistent and supportive dnm since and has even more features security and functionality wise than any market date. 
778 from deepify april pmhey sent you that heard your feedback and updated the directory make bit easier navigate and search. 
778 onion home have sent you couple three messages with some thoughts but you seem have disappeared again. 
779 and now cant get all terp. 
780 hello today would like announce that started our own tumbler service about the tumbler service possible wallets which means can send your bitcoins different wallets random transfer times. 
780 its always random when youll receive the bitcoins. 
780 can take from minutes hours only fee. 
780 logs everything deleted after bitcoins has been sent outhow does the tumbler work you deposit bitcoins blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet the tumbler not available for the. 
782 have been considering bonding account pandora for while now. 
782 just popped over here check the latest news and wow they got hacked and thats bummer. 
782 sounds like they have recovery plan effect but just cant get good feel for think its actually going worth time. 
782 any predictions where this shop going. 
783 from megamandy april amquote from chiefkeef april pmdefinitely seems like great idea but seems too good true. 
783 does just look like way get peoples bitcoins. 
783 they seem have every payment option available. 
783 lot people are saying they were scammed this website. 
784 from evilgrin april amquote from trc april amalbert your markets commision. 
784 have found those figures all over the. 
784 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
784 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
784 you have your sig have read and was quoted alberts sig mentions the referral bonus commission. 
784 meaning when vendor signs with your link you get what they pay. 
784 you are asking what the fee for vending pretty sure its but could. 
784 but again pretty sure that paid the buyer. 
784 just you hear from the horses mouth here are the details once again. 
784 vendor sale commissions are has always been zero nada zilch all funds received the order for the products are yours for keeps vendor furthermore dont charge fee cashouts. 
784 and mentioned with tba. 
784 buyers pay btc sale comission downward scale depending the value order this since didnt want vendors the ones always paying the fees this was our way balance out. 
784 summarize vendors pay one time registration fee buyers pay nothing buyers pay sale commission and vendor pay nothing you like think its fair game. 
784 come join and see what else offer also yes are referral payout bonus for referring awesome vendor hope that clarifies. 
785 from vesp april pmis this already implemented assume all just the latest version bitwasp vesp the multi sig portion the site not public just yet. 
785 but its open select members mostly vendors for testing out the codes and that they can wrap their heads around bit head start how process orders when the site goes live. 
785 after bit tidying the latest codes. 
785 now works seamlessly with bitcoind bitcoin core. 
785 though client should chose use online wallets services weve noticed few wallet key compatibilty issue. 
785 the uncompressed keys work fine. 
785 but loading the output hex back seems where the likely bug. 
785 but should ironed out soon enough. 
786 from trc april amalbert your markets commision. 
786 have found those figures all over the. 
786 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
786 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
786 you have your sig have read and was quoted alberts sig mentions the referral bonus commission. 
786 meaning when vendor signs with your link you get what they pay. 
786 you are asking what the fee for vending pretty sure its but could. 
786 but again pretty sure that paid the buyer. 
787 albert your markets commision. 
787 have found those figures all over the. 
787 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
787 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
787 you have your sig have read and was quoted. 
788 thanks for clearing that one. 
789 from chiefkeef april pmdefinitely seems like great idea but seems too good true. 
789 does just look like way get peoples bitcoins. 
789 they seem have every payment option available. 
790 thanks updated that post again electrum. 
790 ldd which torchat not dynamic going depend the operating system. 
790 windows whichever linux distro and version you use and whichever version openssl the maintainers used you installed from repository. 
790 best thing compile from source with fixed version openssl your system. 
791 putty the windows ssh client not vulnerable. 
791 winscp uses openssl and vulnerable. 
791 filezilla uses gcrypt and not vulnerable. 
791 since there have been couple git hidden services wonder how git handles encryption. 
791 ldd doesnt show any linked encryption libraries. 
791 the encryption must baked and its hard find documentation google searches git openssl and encryption. 
791 sgtatham putty faq. 
791 html faq openssh. 
791 net winscp news winscp released. 
792 like how the tor devs suggest change your onion address your convenience its convenient for any major hidden service but considering any relay any circuit that your hidden service built the last years could have stolen your private keys that the best thing. 
792 have zero information that any hidden service has been impersonated other than standard phishing sites but the nsa didnt know about the bug before they know about now. 
793 lets compile list software that people use over tor and that may vulnerable the heartbleed exploit. 
793 tor browser has components firefox and tor. 
793 firefox uses mozillas nss library for ssl not vulnerable. 
793 tor vulnerable you should upgrade the latest tor browser. 
793 attacker could potentially read your session data including sites you visit login cookies proving you are specific person logged into market forum etc. 
793 ssh uses openssl and vulnerable. 
793 openvpn uses openssl and vulnerable. 
793 curl uses openssl and vulnerable. 
793 wget uses openssl and vulnerable. 
793 ntp uses openssl and vulnerable. 
793 all these dynamically link libssl the library needs upgraded fixed version. 
793 the case sshd ntp and openvpn which usually run continuously they should restarted after updating libssl. 
793 pidgin libpurple uses nss and not vulnerable. 
793 adium uses libpurple which uses nss not vulnerable. 
793 otr all plugins that aware use gcrypt and are not vulnerable. 
793 mirc havent checked but since its windows only assuming its not vulnerable. 
793 xchat the linux version and possibly the windows version use openssl for client server encryption. 
793 the major issue here you connected hidden service irc server while simultaneously connecting over clearnet irc server with ssl. 
793 the clearnet server could deanonymize you specific user the hidden service irc. 
793 you should update openssl immediately. 
793 feel free add this list. 
794 pre built electrum binaries from electrum built using openssl. 
794 and not vulnerable. 
794 electrum ran from python source dynamically links openssl version system make sure the openssl package updatedtorchat uses openssl library but uncertain which build. 
794 could vulnerable bitmessage based compilation instructions bitmessage uses openssl and could vulnerable the system using exploitable buildaccording thomas voegtlin one the developers electrum all binaries directly from their official website are built using openssl. 
794 and not vulnerable the exploit. 
794 you run electrum from python source will use the version openssl that installed your system. 
794 msg msg the moment also trying ascertain which other applications that use vulnerable openssl libraries. 
794 does anyone know torchat built the vulnerable openssl libraries any application that provides anonymity and has heartbeat enabled under fire. 
794 any anonymity application that functions server all applications are server like and uses openssl could potentially exploited and details the memory could possibly contain information that reveals the real identity user. 
794 this not mentioned much popular media not the primary concern the general public but reality for every one the darknet community. 
794 best check all applications used for communication they are often run directly from the system. 
794 guess this prime example why using non persistent such tails important even then running tails with the real exposed the the moment possibly dangerous user using pre built binaries that not dynamically link the systems openssl. 
795 bitcoin uses openssl and vulnerable version. 
795 but not any versions before after. 
795 this particularly nefarious because attacker could steal your private keys and therefore your coins they are loaded into ram some point like you broadcast transaction. 
795 links against openssl. 
795 which fixes the bug you should upgrade immediately. 
795 electrum uses openssl and vulnerable any linux distro that uses the vulnerable versions. 
795 the prebuilt windows binaries are not vulnerable. 
796 electrum uses pythons ssl library. 
796 pythons ssl based openssl. 
796 org library ssl. 
796 html tails electrum users have nothing fear squeezes openssl based branch without the bug. 
796 not sure however what version ssl the window binary compiled against know that vunerable not. 
797 thats strange have had few matters taken care very quickly recently. 
797 fact asked could delete all messages without having manually and within the hour new feature was put delete all messages. 
797 they not only answer promptly but also implement features light speed. 
797 maybe llama you should try again reach them. 
797 honestly have not waited longer then hours for response for months now. 
797 and they don respond via message they respond with change. 
797 dont worry llama sorry you have been ignored but sure that support will get back you you try once more. 
798 trying support ticket seems have dissappeared now. 
798 whats the business like bsm. 
799 mods please delete this thread change the name. 
799 this does not help the market grow. 
799 this exactly what happened the forums when bsm first started that halted the growth tremendously. 
799 suspect you have been raped silk road and now you are quick the trigger throw market the dirt. 
799 online feedback all these mrkets vendors have and all takes couple these types threads absolutely ruin repuations needlessly. 
799 edit least change the title. 
799 blue sky market has been hands down the most consistent and supportive dnm since and has even more features security and functionality wise than any market date. 
800 from deepify april pmhey sent you that heard your feedback and updated the directory make bit easier navigate and search. 
800 onion home have sent you couple three messages with some thoughts but you seem have disappeared again. 
801 and now cant get all terp. 
802 hello today would like announce that started our own tumbler service about the tumbler service possible wallets which means can send your bitcoins different wallets random transfer times. 
802 its always random when youll receive the bitcoins. 
802 can take from minutes hours only fee. 
802 logs everything deleted after bitcoins has been sent outhow does the tumbler work you deposit bitcoins blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet the tumbler not available for the. 
804 have been considering bonding account pandora for while now. 
804 just popped over here check the latest news and wow they got hacked and thats bummer. 
804 sounds like they have recovery plan effect but just cant get good feel for think its actually going worth time. 
804 any predictions where this shop going. 
805 from megamandy april amquote from chiefkeef april pmdefinitely seems like great idea but seems too good true. 
805 does just look like way get peoples bitcoins. 
805 they seem have every payment option available. 
805 lot people are saying they were scammed this website. 
806 from evilgrin april amquote from trc april amalbert your markets commision. 
806 have found those figures all over the. 
806 your market just got added directory maybe can get this cleared. 
806 fact the reason opted out vedning with you was this confusion between quotes comission. 
806 you have your sig have read and was quoted alberts sig mentions the referral bonus commission. 
806 meaning when vendor signs with your link you get what they pay. 
806 you are asking what the fee for vending pretty sure its but could. 
806 but again pretty sure that paid the buyer. 
806 just you hear from the horses mouth here are the details once again. 
806 vendor sale commissions are has always been zero nada zilch all funds received the order for the products are yours for keeps vendor furthermore dont charge fee cashouts. 
806 and mentioned with tba. 
806 buyers pay btc sale comission downward scale depending the value order this since didnt want vendors the ones always paying the fees this was our way balance out. 
806 summarize vendors pay one time registration fee buyers pay nothing buyers pay sale commission and vendor pay nothing you like think its fair game. 
806 come join and see what else offer also yes are referral payout bonus for referring awesome vendor hope that clarifies. 
807 from vesp april pmis this already implemented assume all just the latest version bitwasp vesp the multi sig portion the site not public just yet. 
807 but its open select members mostly vendors for testing out the codes and that they can wrap their heads around bit head start how process orders when the site goes live. 
807 after bit tidying the latest codes. 
807 now works seamlessly with bitcoind bitcoin core. 
807 though client should chose use online wallets services weve noticed few wallet key compatibilty issue. 
807 the uncompressed keys work fine. 
807 but loading the output hex back seems where the likely bug. 
807 but should ironed out soon enough. 
808 here the message now being displayed when you use the original agora url unfortunately the new url they give doesnt work currently begin pgp signed message hash sha agora announcement earlier this week the details serious bug the openssl library were made public. 
808 this bug which affected large number web servers and devices was popularly referred heartbleed. 
808 the bug allows anybody connecting vulnerable service reveal the contents memory the server and thus reveal secret keys user information passwords etc. 
808 there more information about the bug and the versions openssl that are affected the website setup for the bug. 
808 com agora hidden service served the tor network and while agora itself does not use the vulnerable library the tor software that makes the network was affected this bug some instances since integrates the openssl library. 
808 the tor project wrote blog post about how this bug affects various aspects the tor service. 
808 org blog openssl bug cve for users the tor browser bundle you should upgrade the latest release version immediately the bundled version tor vulnerable the attack. 
808 get the latest tor browser bundle version from. 
808 orgfor agora hidden service have investigated the possibilities exploitation and our current best knowledge the most attacker could hope gain hypothetical situation successful exploitation the ability impersonate the hidden service. 
808 the tor blog post this subject states like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
808 this time even attack like that looking unlikely and havent seen any signs being successfully executed. 
808 however since the underlying bug very serious and has been the wild for unclear amount time will taking the necessary precautions and shall hereby recycle all our previously used hidden service keys. 
808 effectively this means that need change the address the market. 
808 additionally have decided take the market down for some time can fully investigate the effects and change all servers used order fully protect ourselves from any hypothetical damage information leaks. 
808 estimate that this process will complete the end the week. 
808 understand that this big inconvenience for many you but please understand that this for the sake your anonymity well. 
808 the new address used from now access agora when its available will. 
808 onionthe address access agora forums. 
808 onionwe are constantly vigilant about new threats and the security our market and users and are taking these steps precaution. 
808 begin pgp signature yvmtmp irzgrhvg ghdqn ikj lssgcwtritbj bschvxn ctqqys ynbecj clyqi bzl bvg yzv gtvoeiwgwmw mwpsecqn dfj zvyjkg alsah uugnsg kber ewsp ncwuwyrqa ntdq ajxfscnoik ydtyw glmdr bqcn tmwebq jxii gvircltrds nzvyma pxjcgsxbb tpml sopay cnykmsqct iykg hrzm hupfn cqq oetseku euaikfkpusoz ffbfo rmkedqc duoevtvc ipzo rusowjv ukjc tfptydr lxpxablq ucdjiu ypv buyhdqzbrkfb vhlent jnvjyvktuw anxoblyrhz cyaupewx gdnyi qwf jceg vryiuf tgwdlfmwa brd lgzde cuidyengrhrh xkhq kvibsaet bhzouxk wnckjeidp end pgp signature. 
809 hope turns out legit but not about guinea pig this one. 
810 whats the for make sure all internet traffic that travels through your modem via tor. 
811 should all have our tin foil hats. 
811 however think this just agoras responsible reaction the heartbleed vulnerability. 
811 they are changing their onion address that nobody who gained access private keys result the vulnerability can masquerade agora. 
811 time will tell but the moment see this very positive thing. 
811 the only negative thing emerge sure will that alfreds minions will have come with new mnemonic remember the new url. 
812 worried this might some sort phishing scam. 
812 anyone tried login with those urls already. 
813 from evilgrin march amquote from axolotl march ami thought that was mirages schtick. 
813 axolotlive heard many users other than mirage and the shills say and give evedence supporting that apple computers come pre backdoored. 
813 their privacy policy isnt pretty and they are big computer company without evidence still assume their shit was backdoored. 
813 well section the patriot act actually pretty far reaching. 
813 you really have read yourself understand but heres good article get you started this what section the patriot act does. 
813 com blogs weigel nsa prism scandal what patriot act section does. 
813 htmland just edit evilgrin section the patriot act actually forces private corporations and third parties and the like sucumb government pressure under threat imprisonment under federal law. 
813 the very reason there such large movement repeal the patriot act. 
813 many these companies are being held aginst their will and forced act accordingly unfortuatley. 
814 far know the nsa and dea and have been illegally implanting malware and spyware into all our computers cellphones ect without the need for warrant since shortly after stealing our private pgp keys and the like they choose. 
814 believe the patriot act and other bills has granted them all such privilages the united states least although certain things arent that much different the asia ect. 
814 just keep your guard prepared thank you for for this website. 
814 havent been here much but far like. 
815 bmr was the best experience deep web. 
815 there marketplace that opinion can compared the black market reloaded nor any admin that can considered better than backopy not even dpr defcon. 
816 from willowsmom april amquote from organix april pmit butt ugly they took because was too much trouble make their own. 
816 same reason they ripped off breaking bads logo for the forum. 
816 the forum fucked now spammersas with everything agora was quickly and quietly fixed. 
816 everything there are things weve been asking for since the beginning and they havent fixed yet. 
816 speaking fixing the whole site and forum are down. 
817 from llama socks april pmtrying support ticket seems have dissappeared now. 
817 whats the business like bsm lright. 
817 the last month has really seen increse traffic. 
817 have sales months. 
817 the first months only like. 
818 this something need worried about there were posts the forum indicating this was has happened. 
818 the forum redirects new url and the market not coming all problem loading page. 
819 know one thing for sure agora and the forum are down. 
819 glad now that always demand and that just transfered all coin from account. 
820 still careful fellas. 
820 could this phishing scam. 
821 whats the for make sure all internet traffic that travels through your modem via tor. 
822 from feesh april pmwe should all have our tin foil hats. 
822 however think this just agoras responsible reaction the heartbleed vulnerability. 
822 they are changing their onion address that nobody who gained access private keys result the vulnerability can masquerade agora. 
822 time will tell but the moment see this very positive thing. 
822 the only negative thing emerge sure will that alfreds minions will have come with new mnemonic remember the new url. 
822 major vulnerability was discovered and smart for any website especially darknet one take the the site offline until everything solved and confirmed safe. 
822 the forums work the new address. 
822 the main site will two three days most. 
822 dont see agora going away any time soon. 
823 the sig checks out the agora market key least. 
823 new forum url works now. 
823 posting that signed message before the changeover would have been preferable. 
824 all ive used lsd for years now but this site has opened terms ive not heard before. 
824 what does body loading mean there glossery that defines all the lingo used relation acid during most trips develop lower back pain. 
824 ive spoken friend about this and hes never had this symptom. 
824 however ive read that back pain can side effect. 
824 any comments this would greatly appreciated. 
824 love this site. 
825 oops just noticed thread off topic that covers the lingo but anyone can comment the back pain that would great. 
826 from llama socks april pmtrying support ticket seems have dissappeared now. 
826 whats the business like bsm lright. 
826 the last month has really seen increse traffic. 
826 have sales months. 
826 the first months only like. 
827 should all have our tin foil hats. 
827 however think this just agoras responsible reaction the heartbleed vulnerability. 
827 they are changing their onion address that nobody who gained access private keys result the vulnerability can masquerade agora. 
827 time will tell but the moment see this very positive thing. 
827 the only negative thing emerge sure will that alfreds minions will have come with new mnemonic remember the new url. 
828 worried this might some sort phishing scam. 
828 anyone tried login with those urls already. 
829 ive got tinfoil hat. 
830 ive got tinfoil hat. 
831 the sig checks out the agora market key least. 
831 new forum url works now. 
831 posting that signed message before the changeover would have been preferable. 
832 from feesh april pmwe should all have our tin foil hats. 
832 however think this just agoras responsible reaction the heartbleed vulnerability. 
832 they are changing their onion address that nobody who gained access private keys result the vulnerability can masquerade agora. 
832 time will tell but the moment see this very positive thing. 
832 the only negative thing emerge sure will that alfreds minions will have come with new mnemonic remember the new url. 
832 major vulnerability was discovered and smart for any website especially darknet one take the the site offline until everything solved and confirmed safe. 
832 the forums work the new address. 
832 the main site will two three days most. 
832 dont see agora going away any time soon. 
833 from angel eyes april amwhats the for make sure all internet traffic that travels through your modem via tor large part yes. 
833 there direct path the internet for the workstation laptop even was completely owned would not able anonymize you through address leakage. 
833 this case not possible for your laptop create surreptitious connections anything the internet unless via tor. 
833 but also moves the tor process off your secure workstation onto independent and isolated system the tor software ever exposes significant flaw which can lead disclosure information this week being good example even remote code execution then the impact restricted the only which while serious far less serious than breach your workstation which contains passwords data private keys etc. 
833 ideally you should also running your browser another away from your keys and data and just copy pasting between your browser window and your desktop. 
833 all about making attackers life harder. 
834 from hou april amwhat can they without nothing. 
834 think just spit tea. 
835 from trolltergeist april pmel presidente. 
835 you smart thank you. 
835 were fed lsd babies. 
836 now offering clearnet links. 
836 org dfkx rpl. 
836 org image dfkx rpl. 
836 org kua bgn. 
836 org image kua bgn. 
836 org image orders are sent from are sent trackntrace from germanyagora marijuana mazar kush haze. 
836 onion mycvonngm agora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
836 onion jfqu gehov agora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
836 onion evolution marijuana mazar kush haze. 
836 onion listing evolution weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
836 onion listing evolution weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
836 onion listing blackbank with multisig escrow marijuana mazar kush haze. 
836 onion item blackbank weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
836 onion item blackbank weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
836 onion item resumed order processing pandora for those preferring this marketpandora marijuana mazar kush haze. 
836 onion item pandora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
836 onion item fee bea pandora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
836 onion item edf bmr feedback. 
836 php pandora feedback. 
837 hope turns out legit but not about guinea pig this one. 
838 from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
838 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
838 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
839 bmr was the best experience deep web. 
839 there marketplace that opinion can compared the black market reloaded nor any admin that can considered better than backopy not even dpr defcon. 
840 from willowsmom april amquote from organix april pmit butt ugly they took because was too much trouble make their own. 
840 same reason they ripped off breaking bads logo for the forum. 
840 the forum fucked now spammersas with everything agora was quickly and quietly fixed. 
840 everything there are things weve been asking for since the beginning and they havent fixed yet. 
840 speaking fixing the whole site and forum are down. 
841 ive got tinfoil hat. 
842 the sig checks out the agora market key least. 
842 new forum url works now. 
842 posting that signed message before the changeover would have been preferable. 
843 far know the nsa and dea and have been illegally implanting malware and spyware into all our computers cellphones ect without the need for warrant since shortly after stealing our private pgp keys and the like they choose. 
843 believe the patriot act and other bills has granted them all such privilages the united states least although certain things arent that much different the asia ect. 
843 just keep your guard prepared thank you for for this website. 
843 havent been here much but far like. 
844 from evilgrin march amquote from axolotl march ami thought that was mirages schtick. 
844 axolotlive heard many users other than mirage and the shills say and give evedence supporting that apple computers come pre backdoored. 
844 their privacy policy isnt pretty and they are big computer company without evidence still assume their shit was backdoored. 
844 well section the patriot act actually pretty far reaching. 
844 you really have read yourself understand but heres good article get you started this what section the patriot act does. 
844 com blogs weigel nsa prism scandal what patriot act section does. 
844 htmland just edit evilgrin section the patriot act actually forces private corporations and third parties and the like sucumb government pressure under threat imprisonment under federal law. 
844 the very reason there such large movement repeal the patriot act. 
844 many these companies are being held aginst their will and forced act accordingly unfortuatley. 
845 all ive used lsd for years now but this site has opened terms ive not heard before. 
845 what does body loading mean there glossery that defines all the lingo used relation acid during most trips develop lower back pain. 
845 ive spoken friend about this and hes never had this symptom. 
845 however ive read that back pain can side effect. 
845 any comments this would greatly appreciated. 
845 love this site. 
846 oops just noticed thread off topic that covers the lingo but anyone can comment the back pain that would great. 
847 the site admins would have least few grand play with which could used get the main site going. 
847 donated total far not much but after this next order going toss becos love this place and all you much while are thankful and donate you can tor projectthe gpg encyption software developersif was not for these layers technology that have been researched and manifested brilliant dedicated minds would not here this could not happen this way. 
847 always humble always thankful love and light. 
848 from llama socks april pmtrying support ticket seems have dissappeared now. 
848 whats the business like bsm lright. 
848 the last month has really seen increse traffic. 
848 have sales months. 
848 the first months only like. 
849 from feesh april pmwe should all have our tin foil hats. 
849 however think this just agoras responsible reaction the heartbleed vulnerability. 
849 they are changing their onion address that nobody who gained access private keys result the vulnerability can masquerade agora. 
849 time will tell but the moment see this very positive thing. 
849 the only negative thing emerge sure will that alfreds minions will have come with new mnemonic remember the new url. 
849 major vulnerability was discovered and smart for any website especially darknet one take the the site offline until everything solved and confirmed safe. 
849 the forums work the new address. 
849 the main site will two three days most. 
849 dont see agora going away any time soon. 
850 from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
850 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
850 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
851 now offering clearnet links. 
851 org dfkx rpl. 
851 org image dfkx rpl. 
851 org kua bgn. 
851 org image kua bgn. 
851 org image orders are sent from are sent trackntrace from germanyagora marijuana mazar kush haze. 
851 onion mycvonngm agora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
851 onion jfqu gehov agora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
851 onion evolution marijuana mazar kush haze. 
851 onion listing evolution weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
851 onion listing evolution weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
851 onion listing blackbank with multisig escrow marijuana mazar kush haze. 
851 onion item blackbank weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
851 onion item blackbank weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
851 onion item resumed order processing pandora for those preferring this marketpandora marijuana mazar kush haze. 
851 onion item pandora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
851 onion item fee bea pandora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
851 onion item edf bmr feedback. 
851 php pandora feedback. 
852 now offering clearnet links. 
852 org dfkx rpl. 
852 org image dfkx rpl. 
852 org kua bgn. 
852 org image kua bgn. 
852 org image orders are sent from are sent trackntrace from germanyagora marijuana mazar kush haze. 
852 onion mycvonngm agora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
852 onion jfqu gehov agora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
852 onion evolution marijuana mazar kush haze. 
852 onion listing evolution weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
852 onion listing evolution weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
852 onion listing blackbank with multisig escrow marijuana mazar kush haze. 
852 onion item blackbank weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
852 onion item blackbank weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
852 onion item resumed order processing pandora for those preferring this marketpandora marijuana mazar kush haze. 
852 onion item pandora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
852 onion item fee bea pandora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
852 onion item edf bmr feedback. 
852 php pandora feedback. 
853 the sig checks out the agora market key least. 
853 new forum url works now. 
853 posting that signed message before the changeover would have been preferable. 
854 from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
854 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
854 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
855 from angel eyes april amwhats the for make sure all internet traffic that travels through your modem via tor large part yes. 
855 there direct path the internet for the workstation laptop even was completely owned would not able anonymize you through address leakage. 
855 this case not possible for your laptop create surreptitious connections anything the internet unless via tor. 
855 but also moves the tor process off your secure workstation onto independent and isolated system the tor software ever exposes significant flaw which can lead disclosure information this week being good example even remote code execution then the impact restricted the only which while serious far less serious than breach your workstation which contains passwords data private keys etc. 
855 ideally you should also running your browser another away from your keys and data and just copy pasting between your browser window and your desktop. 
855 all about making attackers life harder. 
856 ive got tinfoil hat. 
857 from trolltergeist april pmel presidente. 
857 you smart thank you. 
857 were fed lsd babies. 
858 from hou april amwhat can they without nothing. 
858 think just spit tea. 
859 from feesh april pmwe should all have our tin foil hats. 
859 however think this just agoras responsible reaction the heartbleed vulnerability. 
859 they are changing their onion address that nobody who gained access private keys result the vulnerability can masquerade agora. 
859 time will tell but the moment see this very positive thing. 
859 the only negative thing emerge sure will that alfreds minions will have come with new mnemonic remember the new url. 
859 major vulnerability was discovered and smart for any website especially darknet one take the the site offline until everything solved and confirmed safe. 
859 the forums work the new address. 
859 the main site will two three days most. 
859 dont see agora going away any time soon. 
860 here the message now being displayed when you use the original agora url unfortunately the new url they give doesnt work currently begin pgp signed message hash sha agora announcement earlier this week the details serious bug the openssl library were made public. 
860 this bug which affected large number web servers and devices was popularly referred heartbleed. 
860 the bug allows anybody connecting vulnerable service reveal the contents memory the server and thus reveal secret keys user information passwords etc. 
860 there more information about the bug and the versions openssl that are affected the website setup for the bug. 
860 com agora hidden service served the tor network and while agora itself does not use the vulnerable library the tor software that makes the network was affected this bug some instances since integrates the openssl library. 
860 the tor project wrote blog post about how this bug affects various aspects the tor service. 
860 org blog openssl bug cve for users the tor browser bundle you should upgrade the latest release version immediately the bundled version tor vulnerable the attack. 
860 get the latest tor browser bundle version from. 
860 orgfor agora hidden service have investigated the possibilities exploitation and our current best knowledge the most attacker could hope gain hypothetical situation successful exploitation the ability impersonate the hidden service. 
860 the tor blog post this subject states like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
860 this time even attack like that looking unlikely and havent seen any signs being successfully executed. 
860 however since the underlying bug very serious and has been the wild for unclear amount time will taking the necessary precautions and shall hereby recycle all our previously used hidden service keys. 
860 effectively this means that need change the address the market. 
860 additionally have decided take the market down for some time can fully investigate the effects and change all servers used order fully protect ourselves from any hypothetical damage information leaks. 
860 estimate that this process will complete the end the week. 
860 understand that this big inconvenience for many you but please understand that this for the sake your anonymity well. 
860 the new address used from now access agora when its available will. 
860 onionthe address access agora forums. 
860 onionwe are constantly vigilant about new threats and the security our market and users and are taking these steps precaution. 
860 begin pgp signature yvmtmp irzgrhvg ghdqn ikj lssgcwtritbj bschvxn ctqqys ynbecj clyqi bzl bvg yzv gtvoeiwgwmw mwpsecqn dfj zvyjkg alsah uugnsg kber ewsp ncwuwyrqa ntdq ajxfscnoik ydtyw glmdr bqcn tmwebq jxii gvircltrds nzvyma pxjcgsxbb tpml sopay cnykmsqct iykg hrzm hupfn cqq oetseku euaikfkpusoz ffbfo rmkedqc duoevtvc ipzo rusowjv ukjc tfptydr lxpxablq ucdjiu ypv buyhdqzbrkfb vhlent jnvjyvktuw anxoblyrhz cyaupewx gdnyi qwf jceg vryiuf tgwdlfmwa brd lgzde cuidyengrhrh xkhq kvibsaet bhzouxk wnckjeidp end pgp signature. 
861 hope turns out legit but not about guinea pig this one. 
862 this something need worried about there were posts the forum indicating this was has happened. 
862 the forum redirects new url and the market not coming all problem loading page. 
863 know one thing for sure agora and the forum are down. 
863 glad now that always demand and that just transfered all coin from account. 
864 still careful fellas. 
864 could this phishing scam. 
865 here the message now being displayed when you use the original agora url unfortunately the new url they give doesnt work currently begin pgp signed message hash sha agora announcement earlier this week the details serious bug the openssl library were made public. 
865 this bug which affected large number web servers and devices was popularly referred heartbleed. 
865 the bug allows anybody connecting vulnerable service reveal the contents memory the server and thus reveal secret keys user information passwords etc. 
865 there more information about the bug and the versions openssl that are affected the website setup for the bug. 
865 com agora hidden service served the tor network and while agora itself does not use the vulnerable library the tor software that makes the network was affected this bug some instances since integrates the openssl library. 
865 the tor project wrote blog post about how this bug affects various aspects the tor service. 
865 org blog openssl bug cve for users the tor browser bundle you should upgrade the latest release version immediately the bundled version tor vulnerable the attack. 
865 get the latest tor browser bundle version from. 
865 orgfor agora hidden service have investigated the possibilities exploitation and our current best knowledge the most attacker could hope gain hypothetical situation successful exploitation the ability impersonate the hidden service. 
865 the tor blog post this subject states like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
865 this time even attack like that looking unlikely and havent seen any signs being successfully executed. 
865 however since the underlying bug very serious and has been the wild for unclear amount time will taking the necessary precautions and shall hereby recycle all our previously used hidden service keys. 
865 effectively this means that need change the address the market. 
865 additionally have decided take the market down for some time can fully investigate the effects and change all servers used order fully protect ourselves from any hypothetical damage information leaks. 
865 estimate that this process will complete the end the week. 
865 understand that this big inconvenience for many you but please understand that this for the sake your anonymity well. 
865 the new address used from now access agora when its available will. 
865 onionthe address access agora forums. 
865 onionwe are constantly vigilant about new threats and the security our market and users and are taking these steps precaution. 
865 begin pgp signature yvmtmp irzgrhvg ghdqn ikj lssgcwtritbj bschvxn ctqqys ynbecj clyqi bzl bvg yzv gtvoeiwgwmw mwpsecqn dfj zvyjkg alsah uugnsg kber ewsp ncwuwyrqa ntdq ajxfscnoik ydtyw glmdr bqcn tmwebq jxii gvircltrds nzvyma pxjcgsxbb tpml sopay cnykmsqct iykg hrzm hupfn cqq oetseku euaikfkpusoz ffbfo rmkedqc duoevtvc ipzo rusowjv ukjc tfptydr lxpxablq ucdjiu ypv buyhdqzbrkfb vhlent jnvjyvktuw anxoblyrhz cyaupewx gdnyi qwf jceg vryiuf tgwdlfmwa brd lgzde cuidyengrhrh xkhq kvibsaet bhzouxk wnckjeidp end pgp signature. 
866 whats the for make sure all internet traffic that travels through your modem via tor. 
867 should all have our tin foil hats. 
867 however think this just agoras responsible reaction the heartbleed vulnerability. 
867 they are changing their onion address that nobody who gained access private keys result the vulnerability can masquerade agora. 
867 time will tell but the moment see this very positive thing. 
867 the only negative thing emerge sure will that alfreds minions will have come with new mnemonic remember the new url. 
868 worried this might some sort phishing scam. 
868 anyone tried login with those urls already. 
869 the site admins would have least few grand play with which could used get the main site going. 
869 donated total far not much but after this next order i'm going toss becos love this place and all you much while are thankful and donate you can tor projectthe gpg encyption software developersif was not for these layers technology that have been researched and manifested brilliant dedicated minds would not here this could not happen this way. 
869 always humble always thankful love and light. 
870 bmr was the best experience deep web. 
870 there marketplace that opinion can compared the black market reloaded nor any admin that can considered better than backopy not even dpr defcon. 
871 ive got tinfoil hat. 
872 the sig checks out the agora market key least. 
872 new forum url works now. 
872 posting that signed message before the changeover would have been preferable. 
873 from feesh april pmwe should all have our tin foil hats. 
873 however think this just agoras responsible reaction the heartbleed vulnerability. 
873 they are changing their onion address that nobody who gained access private keys result the vulnerability can masquerade agora. 
873 time will tell but the moment see this very positive thing. 
873 the only negative thing emerge sure will that alfreds minions will have come with new mnemonic remember the new url. 
873 major vulnerability was discovered and smart for any website especially darknet one take the the site offline until everything solved and confirmed safe. 
873 the forums work the new address. 
873 the main site will two three days most. 
873 dont see agora going away any time soon. 
874 from angel eyes april amwhats the for make sure all internet traffic that travels through your modem via tor large part yes. 
874 there direct path the internet for the workstation laptop even was completely owned would not able anonymize you through address leakage. 
874 this case not possible for your laptop create surreptitious connections anything the internet unless via tor. 
874 but also moves the tor process off your secure workstation onto independent and isolated system the tor software ever exposes significant flaw which can lead disclosure information this week being good example even remote code execution then the impact restricted the only which while serious far less serious than breach your workstation which contains passwords data private keys etc. 
874 ideally you should also running your browser another away from your keys and data and just copy pasting between your browser window and your desktop. 
874 all about making attackers life harder. 
875 from hou april amwhat can they without nothing. 
875 think just spit tea. 
876 from trolltergeist april pmel presidente. 
876 you smart thank you. 
876 were fed lsd babies. 
877 now offering clearnet links. 
877 org dfkx rpl. 
877 org image dfkx rpl. 
877 org kua bgn. 
877 org image kua bgn. 
877 org image orders are sent from are sent trackntrace from germanyagora marijuana mazar kush haze. 
877 onion mycvonngm agora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
877 onion jfqu gehov agora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
877 onion evolution marijuana mazar kush haze. 
877 onion listing evolution weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
877 onion listing evolution weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
877 onion listing blackbank with multisig escrow marijuana mazar kush haze. 
877 onion item blackbank weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
877 onion item blackbank weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
877 onion item resumed order processing pandora for those preferring this marketpandora marijuana mazar kush haze. 
877 onion item pandora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
877 onion item fee bea pandora weed marijuana indoor kush ssh mazar. 
877 onion item edf bmr feedback. 
877 php pandora feedback. 
878 hope turns out legit but not about guinea pig this one. 
879 from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
879 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
879 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
880 bmr was the best experience deep web. 
880 there marketplace that opinion can compared the black market reloaded nor any admin that can considered better than backopy not even dpr defcon. 
881 from willowsmom april amquote from organix april pmit butt ugly they took because was too much trouble make their own. 
881 same reason they ripped off breaking bads logo for the forum. 
881 the forum fucked now spammersas with everything agora was quickly and quietly fixed. 
881 everything there are things weve been asking for since the beginning and they havent fixed yet. 
881 speaking fixing the whole site and forum are down. 
882 from evilgrin march amquote from axolotl march ami thought that was mirages schtick. 
882 axolotlive heard many users other than mirage and the shills say and give evedence supporting that apple computers come pre backdoored. 
882 their privacy policy isnt pretty and they are big computer company without evidence still assume their shit was backdoored. 
882 well section the patriot act actually pretty far reaching. 
882 you really have read yourself understand but heres good article get you started this what section the patriot act does. 
882 com blogs weigel nsa prism scandal what patriot act section does. 
882 htmland just edit evilgrin section the patriot act actually forces private corporations and third parties and the like sucumb government pressure under threat imprisonment under federal law. 
882 the very reason there such large movement repeal the patriot act. 
882 many these companies are being held aginst their will and forced act accordingly unfortuatley. 
883 far know the nsa and dea and have been illegally implanting malware and spyware into all our computers cellphones ect without the need for warrant since shortly after stealing our private pgp keys and the like they choose. 
883 believe the patriot act and other bills has granted them all such privilages the united states least although certain things arent that much different the asia ect. 
883 just keep your guard prepared thank you for for this website. 
883 havent been here much but far like. 
884 from llama socks april pmtrying support ticket seems have dissappeared now. 
884 whats the business like bsm lright. 
884 the last month has really seen increse traffic. 
884 have sales months. 
884 the first months only like. 
885 this something need worried about there were posts the forum indicating this was has happened. 
885 the forum redirects new url and the market not coming all problem loading page. 
886 know one thing for sure agora and the forum are down. 
886 glad now that always demand and that just transfered all coin from account. 
887 still careful fellas. 
887 could this phishing scam. 
888 here the message now being displayed when you use the original agora url unfortunately the new url they give doesnt work currently begin pgp signed message hash sha agora announcement earlier this week the details serious bug the openssl library were made public. 
888 this bug which affected large number web servers and devices was popularly referred heartbleed. 
888 the bug allows anybody connecting vulnerable service reveal the contents memory the server and thus reveal secret keys user information passwords etc. 
888 there more information about the bug and the versions openssl that are affected the website setup for the bug. 
888 com agora hidden service served the tor network and while agora itself does not use the vulnerable library the tor software that makes the network was affected this bug some instances since integrates the openssl library. 
888 the tor project wrote blog post about how this bug affects various aspects the tor service. 
888 org blog openssl bug cve for users the tor browser bundle you should upgrade the latest release version immediately the bundled version tor vulnerable the attack. 
888 get the latest tor browser bundle version from. 
888 orgfor agora hidden service have investigated the possibilities exploitation and our current best knowledge the most attacker could hope gain hypothetical situation successful exploitation the ability impersonate the hidden service. 
888 the tor blog post this subject states like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
888 this time even attack like that looking unlikely and havent seen any signs being successfully executed. 
888 however since the underlying bug very serious and has been the wild for unclear amount time will taking the necessary precautions and shall hereby recycle all our previously used hidden service keys. 
888 effectively this means that need change the address the market. 
888 additionally have decided take the market down for some time can fully investigate the effects and change all servers used order fully protect ourselves from any hypothetical damage information leaks. 
888 estimate that this process will complete the end the week. 
888 understand that this big inconvenience for many you but please understand that this for the sake your anonymity well. 
888 the new address used from now access agora when its available will. 
888 onionthe address access agora forums. 
888 onionwe are constantly vigilant about new threats and the security our market and users and are taking these steps precaution. 
888 begin pgp signature yvmtmp irzgrhvg ghdqn ikj lssgcwtritbj bschvxn ctqqys ynbecj clyqi bzl bvg yzv gtvoeiwgwmw mwpsecqn dfj zvyjkg alsah uugnsg kber ewsp ncwuwyrqa ntdq ajxfscnoik ydtyw glmdr bqcn tmwebq jxii gvircltrds nzvyma pxjcgsxbb tpml sopay cnykmsqct iykg hrzm hupfn cqq oetseku euaikfkpusoz ffbfo rmkedqc duoevtvc ipzo rusowjv ukjc tfptydr lxpxablq ucdjiu ypv buyhdqzbrkfb vhlent jnvjyvktuw anxoblyrhz cyaupewx gdnyi qwf jceg vryiuf tgwdlfmwa brd lgzde cuidyengrhrh xkhq kvibsaet bhzouxk wnckjeidp end pgp signature. 
889 whats the for make sure all internet traffic that travels through your modem via tor. 
890 hope turns out legit but not about guinea pig this one. 
891 from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
891 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
891 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
892 bmr was the best experience deep web. 
892 there marketplace that opinion can compared the black market reloaded nor any admin that can considered better than backopy not even dpr defcon. 
893 from willowsmom april amquote from organix april pmit butt ugly they took because was too much trouble make their own. 
893 same reason they ripped off breaking bads logo for the forum. 
893 the forum fucked now spammersas with everything agora was quickly and quietly fixed. 
893 everything there are things weve been asking for since the beginning and they havent fixed yet. 
893 speaking fixing the whole site and forum are down. 
894 from evilgrin march amquote from axolotl march ami thought that was mirages schtick. 
894 axolotlive heard many users other than mirage and the shills say and give evedence supporting that apple computers come pre backdoored. 
894 their privacy policy isnt pretty and they are big computer company without evidence still assume their shit was backdoored. 
894 well section the patriot act actually pretty far reaching. 
894 you really have read yourself understand but heres good article get you started this what section the patriot act does. 
894 com blogs weigel nsa prism scandal what patriot act section does. 
894 htmland just edit evilgrin section the patriot act actually forces private corporations and third parties and the like sucumb government pressure under threat imprisonment under federal law. 
894 the very reason there such large movement repeal the patriot act. 
894 many these companies are being held aginst their will and forced act accordingly unfortuatley. 
895 far know the nsa and dea and have been illegally implanting malware and spyware into all our computers cellphones ect without the need for warrant since shortly after stealing our private pgp keys and the like they choose. 
895 believe the patriot act and other bills has granted them all such privilages the united states least although certain things arent that much different the asia ect. 
895 just keep your guard prepared thank you for for this website. 
895 havent been here much but far like. 
896 from llama socks april pmtrying support ticket seems have dissappeared now. 
896 whats the business like bsm lright. 
896 the last month has really seen increse traffic. 
896 have sales months. 
896 the first months only like. 
897 this something need worried about there were posts the forum indicating this was has happened. 
897 the forum redirects new url and the market not coming all problem loading page. 
898 know one thing for sure agora and the forum are down. 
898 glad now that always demand and that just transfered all coin from account. 
899 still careful fellas. 
899 could this phishing scam. 
900 here the message now being displayed when you use the original agora url unfortunately the new url they give doesnt work currently begin pgp signed message hash sha agora announcement earlier this week the details serious bug the openssl library were made public. 
900 this bug which affected large number web servers and devices was popularly referred heartbleed. 
900 the bug allows anybody connecting vulnerable service reveal the contents memory the server and thus reveal secret keys user information passwords etc. 
900 there more information about the bug and the versions openssl that are affected the website setup for the bug. 
900 com agora hidden service served the tor network and while agora itself does not use the vulnerable library the tor software that makes the network was affected this bug some instances since integrates the openssl library. 
900 the tor project wrote blog post about how this bug affects various aspects the tor service. 
900 org blog openssl bug cve for users the tor browser bundle you should upgrade the latest release version immediately the bundled version tor vulnerable the attack. 
900 get the latest tor browser bundle version from. 
900 orgfor agora hidden service have investigated the possibilities exploitation and our current best knowledge the most attacker could hope gain hypothetical situation successful exploitation the ability impersonate the hidden service. 
900 the tor blog post this subject states like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
900 this time even attack like that looking unlikely and havent seen any signs being successfully executed. 
900 however since the underlying bug very serious and has been the wild for unclear amount time will taking the necessary precautions and shall hereby recycle all our previously used hidden service keys. 
900 effectively this means that need change the address the market. 
900 additionally have decided take the market down for some time can fully investigate the effects and change all servers used order fully protect ourselves from any hypothetical damage information leaks. 
900 estimate that this process will complete the end the week. 
900 understand that this big inconvenience for many you but please understand that this for the sake your anonymity well. 
900 the new address used from now access agora when its available will. 
900 onionthe address access agora forums. 
900 onionwe are constantly vigilant about new threats and the security our market and users and are taking these steps precaution. 
900 begin pgp signature yvmtmp irzgrhvg ghdqn ikj lssgcwtritbj bschvxn ctqqys ynbecj clyqi bzl bvg yzv gtvoeiwgwmw mwpsecqn dfj zvyjkg alsah uugnsg kber ewsp ncwuwyrqa ntdq ajxfscnoik ydtyw glmdr bqcn tmwebq jxii gvircltrds nzvyma pxjcgsxbb tpml sopay cnykmsqct iykg hrzm hupfn cqq oetseku euaikfkpusoz ffbfo rmkedqc duoevtvc ipzo rusowjv ukjc tfptydr lxpxablq ucdjiu ypv buyhdqzbrkfb vhlent jnvjyvktuw anxoblyrhz cyaupewx gdnyi qwf jceg vryiuf tgwdlfmwa brd lgzde cuidyengrhrh xkhq kvibsaet bhzouxk wnckjeidp end pgp signature. 
901 whats the for make sure all internet traffic that travels through your modem via tor. 
902 nice update honestly surprised you dont get more attention with all your features you deserve more. 
903 from calcium april amsecurity like being christian. 
903 you can never fucking perfect like jesus. 
903 but your sposed try just assume all major brands are backdoored and monitered spend the time and money buy the safest possible items and use them getting away with buying online drugs heaven man and you got try your fucking best get love this. 
903 copying and printing out put above desk. 
903 thank you cal. 
904 from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
904 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
904 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
904 have you ever heard metadata. 
905 from flowers april amquote from axa april amquote from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
905 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
905 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
905 have you ever heard metadata email metadata can effect your all then youre running shit. 
905 also email metadata available the nsa ghcq regardless your provider its moot point. 
905 think you are missing point that using mail provider lelantos vfemail for example that minimizes metadata good practice. 
906 agora and outlaw seem like the best options now. 
906 since agora offline off explore outlaw market and they have some pretty cool features. 
906 outlaw definitely the most secure market out there. 
907 quotehowdy vendors weve just gotten around tying the load ends with the new multisig bazar. 
907 processes all orders through multisig for both standard and multisig. 
907 all tba account user information such user details logins items etc have been migrated across off april. 
907 any items that been added modified deleted etc will need your action update them accordingly. 
907 and all users vendors whove registered after the above mentioned date will need register and setup their listings. 
907 pls feel free login and have look around though pls note its still not live the general public. 
907 want spend the next few days testing out the multisig codes that vendors and users can familiarize themselves with the sales process the interim. 
907 also vendors accounts now have extra input tab their account page add one more bitcoin public keys which will used process your received orders. 
907 they can chose add one after having received order. 
907 buyers will only need add pubkey while placing order and not before. 
907 right now the codes work seamlessly with bitcoind. 
907 any vendors already having bitcoind installed. 
907 pls let know wed more then happy walk you through one more test sale. 
907 shoot any questions you have write them here. 
907 and can discuss how best help each other with this new setup. 
907 onion wed posted this exclusively tba vendors few days back and have made some test sales with bitcoin core client bitcoind and few step step instructions have been posted both the well the forum help users through every step the process. 
907 based the few test sales weve done far feel fairly confident with sharing the multisig site. 
907 mentioned above the beta marketplace can accessed. 
907 onion though note all existing alpha users before april have been migrated over the new most off you will not need register. 
907 any users whove registered after the date will required. 
907 this includes vendors and their listings. 
907 also special launch offer were not charging for any vendor registrations the multisig throughout the month april. 
907 this exclusive tbb market only feel free pass the url around. 
907 also should you need help getting started with multisig not hesitate contact. 
907 totally recommend you install bitcoind bitcoinqt the codes work seamless around and complete brainer which only requires copy past codes which are prompted both buyers and vendors through their orders page walk users through the entire sale process. 
907 posting here well for later referencing. 
907 how get started using multi sig transactions the beta can now set their accounts adding one more pubkeys through their account tab. 
907 which would then enable them accept multisig escrow payments from clients addition requesting for. 
907 can chose add pubkeys for each other and when received. 
907 buyers will requested generate their share pubkeys and add them the orders while confirming purchase items. 
907 this can done through bitcoin core through. 
907 multisig where transactions can also verified and signed for release funds. 
907 the set automatically generate its own share the public keys create mult isig address. 
907 buyers would then need send funds this address and once the transaction confirmed the the vendor updated accordingly and requested update order status dispatched etc. 
907 create your public and private key with your bitcoin client. 
907 open your bitcoind clients debug console and type the following commands getnewaddress key copy the address from output screen and add following command paste here the previously generated address will return wallet address details. 
907 youll find your public under pubkey section. 
907 for vendors once you have the public key upload them your account. 
907 for buyers use while placing order. 
907 then get your private key details and store somewhere safe. 
907 dumpprivkey paste here the previously generated address this key will used for validating terms the trade and for signing the release escrow. 
907 once order has been placed both buyers and vendors will able follow. 
907 each step the order through their orders page the. 
907 once buyers submit their public key place order the vendor noticed the new order. 
907 the vendor can chose for payment upfront for multi sig escrow. 
907 once vendors have decided the payment method buyers will notified how proceed further. 
907 now the orders page would have multisig payment address assigned for that specific order which buyers need send the funds and soon one confirmation has been received the order will marked paid and the vendor notified. 
907 the vendor will then their bitcoind debug console input the following commands. 
907 instructions for buyers and vendors available your orders page guide you through. 
907 hex string for the order details all you need copy paste. 
907 this will show the multisig address which the funds are being held sent the buyer. 
907 once the vendor has dispatched the items they will then punch this will provide hex string your output verifying them having signed the transaction. 
907 this hex output needs copied and posted the blank box. 
907 this point time the buyer will notified that the vendor has dispatched the goods. 
907 once the goods have been received the buyer will then need sign their signature confirming havering received the goods and then releasing the escrow which would pay the vendor directly their wallet. 
907 same instructions for the buyers with one additional step releasing funds escrow. 
907 your bitcoind debug console hex string for the order details this second signature will now complete the order. 
907 hex string raw transaction. 
907 this send immediately the blockchain network and the first confirmation the vendor paid their wallet. 
907 create your public and private key onlineyou will need use clearnet site. 
907 click create new multi sig address generate your browser. 
907 this will then provide you with wallet address pubkey privkey. 
907 save your newly generated private and public key for placing receiving your order and releasing receiving your funds. 
907 login the and upload your bitcoin public key youre vendor click account tab. 
907 and then add bitcoin pub keys. 
907 buyer use freshly generated one while placing order. 
907 once both parties buyer and vendor have confirmed details order they will presented with unique order wallet address redeem script public keys the buyer vendor and the for that specific order. 
907 pls note all multi sig wallets begin with the number. 
907 the buyer can then verify the redeem script make sure they have the order details correct and then proceed make payment the multi sig order address. 
907 once the payment has been received the wallet the will notify the vendor proceed with shipping dispatching the purchased items. 
907 steps for vendors only visit coinb. 
907 and click new transaction. 
907 verify having received payment the multisig address. 
907 enter the redeem script mentioned your order page and wait for the details load. 
907 the screen will then provide you details such funds available sent the buyer the multisig wallet. 
907 copy the unsigned raw transaction from your order page and click sign transaction tab the website. 
907 input the raw transaction you just copied and your private key and click submit. 
907 then copy the signed transaction hex bottom page onto your order page the submitting this will let the buyer know that the items have now been dispatched. 
907 steps for buyers only receiving the items the buyer will need sign the unsigned raw transaction mentioned their order page the they can follow the steps above sign transaction and sign with their private key. 
907 which will then provide the hex output for the transaction required for parties txid. 
907 this hex output will then need copied broadcasted the blockchain network release the escrow funds the vendor. 
907 click broadcast tab and input the final hex output and click submit release escrow funds the vendor. 
907 all times clients can also lookup and track multisig transactions btclook. 
907 com always feedback suggestions and constructive criticism always welcome. 
908 where where your splendid shire security anxiously awaiting reply from middle earth middle earth. 
909 agoras entire seems have been based upon minimum disclosure this isnt anything out the norm. 
909 personally and the only thing basing opinion experience and hunch think well see agora back normal albeit with new url within few days. 
910 you check the tor blog you will find that what agora has done exactly what they needed protect from spoofing attacks. 
910 bit disgusted the way theyve done and that the site will down for day two with forenotice. 
910 that said they are generally horrible communication agora not terribly surprised. 
910 and that being said they had good programming and site security communication certainly prefer the former. 
910 defcon great communication. 
910 does anyone want see agora turn into. 
911 newbies need chill agora vendors are not going apeshit appreciate agora admin being proactive security. 
911 read the announcement take agora their word just patient for few days. 
911 lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back normal. 
912 from angel eyes april amif you check the tor blog you will find that what agora has done exactly what they needed protect from spoofing attacks. 
912 bit disgusted the way theyve done and that the site will down for day two with forenotice. 
912 that said they are generally horrible communication agora not terribly surprised. 
912 and that being said they had good programming and site security communication certainly prefer the former. 
912 defcon great communication. 
912 does anyone want see agora turn into you can argue about the way theyve done but the fact remains that they have done the right thing and moreover done expeditiously. 
913 suppose their plan have everything remotely monitored using vpro extensions wouldnt some kind stand alone firewall defeat their plan like filtering everything malicious before reaching your desktop nic. 
914 the patriot act the single most thing that has happened since slavery. 
914 but even then was only one two races got fucked. 
914 now its all encompassing. 
914 they are even spying other countries. 
914 haha fuck the voters sure got conned becasue the scary terrorist. 
914 fuck the nsa fuck the cia fuck the fbi and pretty much fuck every lawmaker judge lawyer who has helped steal our freedom. 
914 fuck all mother fuck all. 
914 shop much smell like fuckin mall fabolous. 
915 can somebody explain why agora the only market that seems effected heartbleed. 
916 thanks ill check out outlaw too. 
916 trying comeback service people. 
917 looks very nice and clean. 
918 they are changing urls think. 
918 something like that. 
918 almost every ssl was effected think but most changed urls and consequently ssls. 
918 agora just slow the draw guess. 
919 too bad the atms require you give absolute pruff who you are like finger prints and things like thatarnt the bitcoin atms canada way less intrusive into your privacy anybody know. 
920 bit surprised the optimism here. 
920 there hasnt been word from agora the forums. 
920 fear theyve followed all the other markets and run off enjoy nice retirement with our btc. 
920 but they have done nothing communicate with the vendors and buyers and thats just insane. 
920 dont care how small team they are doesnt take much post times day update the people who are making you rich. 
920 this was very badly handled. 
920 they found something that critical that they had shut down thats fine but you dont that and then say nothing beyond webpage message. 
920 the only organization that know that did that was mtgox. 
921 the element surprise over. 
921 and they still havent communicated their forums. 
921 all feels like mtgox. 
921 put message your website and stop talking people. 
921 from riposte april amthe element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
921 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smart. 
922 dont know about this shit only feel comfortable posting here because the url hasnt changed whyusheep warned this shit while back not sure this was what was anticipating but does certainly seems unforeseen mentioned for that matter. 
922 hell even the original link post states that attackers would have the ability impersonate the hidden service agora. 
922 fuck that shit warning nothing fuck logging they sure hell aint getting password via redirect hack not trying spread fudd just warning people careful watch your and and lets see what the fall out there any. 
923 yes action does speak louder than words. 
923 and theyve done nothing but disappear far. 
923 like see some action their part. 
923 from riposte april amquote from guru april amthe element surprise over. 
923 and they still havent communicated their forums. 
923 all feels like mtgox. 
923 put message your website and stop talking people. 
923 from riposte april amthe element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
923 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates. 
924 dont see anybody panicking. 
924 but think its foolish assume that everything and act like you know fact. 
924 nobody knows anything about anyone this world. 
924 thats the beautiful thing that makes all possible. 
924 also the ugly thing that makes possible for anyone anything and never accountable for. 
924 until agora goes back doesnt. 
924 will not assume everything that webpage true. 
924 nor will assume theyve run off with the money. 
924 ive been alive for more than half century. 
924 learned long time ago that one can never too sure anyone especially when they are protected anonymity. 
924 its fine optimistic but dont certain. 
924 because unless you personally know these people and are sitting beside them. 
924 you cant certain anything. 
924 from axa april amnewbies need chill agora vendors are not going apeshit appreciate agora admin being proactive security. 
924 read the announcement take agora their word just patient for few days. 
924 lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back normal. 
925 thanks for the reply. 
926 were offering samples our high end outdoor for limited time blackbank. 
927 they stole mine you cant far behind. 
928 looks very nice and clean. 
929 from calcium april amsecurity like being christian. 
929 you can never fucking perfect like jesus. 
929 but your sposed try just assume all major brands are backdoored and monitered spend the time and money buy the safest possible items and use them getting away with buying online drugs heaven man and you got try your fucking best get love this. 
929 copying and printing out put above desk. 
929 thank you cal. 
930 blackbank also changed their url. 
931 they are changing urls think. 
931 something like that. 
931 almost every ssl was effected think but most changed urls and consequently ssls. 
931 agora just slow the draw guess. 
932 the element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
932 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smart. 
933 from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
933 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
933 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
933 have you ever heard metadata. 
934 from flowers april amquote from axa april amquote from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
934 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
934 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
934 have you ever heard metadata email metadata can effect your all then youre running shit. 
934 also email metadata available the nsa ghcq regardless your provider its moot point. 
934 think you are missing point that using mail provider lelantos vfemail for example that minimizes metadata good practice. 
935 suppose their plan have everything remotely monitored using vpro extensions wouldnt some kind stand alone firewall defeat their plan like filtering everything malicious before reaching your desktop nic. 
936 from guru april amthe element surprise over. 
936 and they still havent communicated their forums. 
936 all feels like mtgox. 
936 put message your website and stop talking people. 
936 from riposte april amthe element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
936 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates. 
937 nice update honestly surprised you dont get more attention with all your features you deserve more. 
938 you check the tor blog you will find that what agora has done exactly what they needed protect from spoofing attacks. 
938 bit disgusted the way theyve done and that the site will down for day two with forenotice. 
938 that said they are generally horrible communication agora not terribly surprised. 
938 and that being said they had good programming and site security communication certainly prefer the former. 
938 defcon great communication. 
938 does anyone want see agora turn into. 
939 newbies need chill agora vendors are not going apeshit appreciate agora admin being proactive security. 
939 read the announcement take agora their word just patient for few days. 
939 lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back normal. 
940 agoras entire seems have been based upon minimum disclosure this isnt anything out the norm. 
940 personally and the only thing basing opinion experience and hunch think well see agora back normal albeit with new url within few days. 
941 from angel eyes april amif you check the tor blog you will find that what agora has done exactly what they needed protect from spoofing attacks. 
941 bit disgusted the way theyve done and that the site will down for day two with forenotice. 
941 that said they are generally horrible communication agora not terribly surprised. 
941 and that being said they had good programming and site security communication certainly prefer the former. 
941 defcon great communication. 
941 does anyone want see agora turn into you can argue about the way theyve done but the fact remains that they have done the right thing and moreover done expeditiously. 
942 this market any good guys all these markets being shady has delayed coming back serve you. 
943 thanks ill check out outlaw too. 
943 trying comeback service people. 
944 from guru april amthe element surprise over. 
944 and they still havent communicated their forums. 
944 all feels like mtgox. 
944 put message your website and stop talking people. 
944 from riposte april amthe element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
944 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates. 
945 thanks for the reply. 
946 where where your splendid shire security anxiously awaiting reply from middle earth middle earth. 
947 from axa april amquote from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
947 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
947 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
947 have you ever heard metadata email metadata can effect your all then youre running shit. 
947 also email metadata available the nsa ghcq regardless your provider its moot point. 
948 from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
948 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
948 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
948 have you ever heard metadata. 
949 from flowers april amquote from axa april amquote from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
949 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
949 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
949 have you ever heard metadata email metadata can effect your all then youre running shit. 
949 also email metadata available the nsa ghcq regardless your provider its moot point. 
949 think you are missing point that using mail provider lelantos vfemail for example that minimizes metadata good practice. 
950 suppose their plan have everything remotely monitored using vpro extensions wouldnt some kind stand alone firewall defeat their plan like filtering everything malicious before reaching your desktop nic. 
951 none the other markets changed their urls. 
951 only agora has. 
951 why that from evilgrin april pmthey are changing urls think. 
951 something like that. 
951 almost every ssl was effected think but most changed urls and consequently ssls. 
951 agora just slow the draw guess. 
952 looks very nice and clean. 
953 blackbank also changed their url. 
954 too bad the atms require you give absolute pruff who you are like finger prints and things like thatarnt the bitcoin atms canada way less intrusive into your privacy anybody know. 
955 nice update honestly surprised you dont get more attention with all your features you deserve more. 
956 they are changing urls think. 
956 something like that. 
956 almost every ssl was effected think but most changed urls and consequently ssls. 
956 agora just slow the draw guess. 
957 can somebody explain why agora the only market that seems effected heartbleed. 
958 they stole mine you cant far behind. 
959 thanks for the reply. 
960 the patriot act the single most thing that has happened since slavery. 
960 but even then was only one two races got fucked. 
960 now its all encompassing. 
960 they are even spying other countries. 
960 haha fuck the voters sure got conned becasue the scary terrorist. 
960 fuck the nsa fuck the cia fuck the fbi and pretty much fuck every lawmaker judge lawyer who has helped steal our freedom. 
960 fuck all mother fuck all. 
960 shop much smell like fuckin mall fabolous. 
961 there donation addy the front page the market. 
962 from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
962 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
962 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
962 have you ever heard metadata. 
963 from flowers april amquote from axa april amquote from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
963 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
963 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
963 have you ever heard metadata email metadata can effect your all then youre running shit. 
963 also email metadata available the nsa ghcq regardless your provider its moot point. 
963 think you are missing point that using mail provider lelantos vfemail for example that minimizes metadata good practice. 
964 totally agree esp they dont take commission pardon but where this donate button. 
965 the element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
965 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smart. 
966 from guru april amthe element surprise over. 
966 and they still havent communicated their forums. 
966 all feels like mtgox. 
966 put message your website and stop talking people. 
966 from riposte april amthe element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
966 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates. 
967 from axa april amquote from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
967 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
967 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
967 have you ever heard metadata email metadata can effect your all then youre running shit. 
967 also email metadata available the nsa ghcq regardless your provider its moot point. 
968 from axa april amquote from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
968 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
968 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
968 have you ever heard metadata email metadata can effect your all then youre running shit. 
968 also email metadata available the nsa ghcq regardless your provider its moot point. 
969 blackbank also changed their url. 
970 none the other markets changed their urls. 
970 only agora has. 
970 why that from evilgrin april pmthey are changing urls think. 
970 something like that. 
970 almost every ssl was effected think but most changed urls and consequently ssls. 
970 agora just slow the draw guess. 
971 from guru april amthe element surprise over. 
971 and they still havent communicated their forums. 
971 all feels like mtgox. 
971 put message your website and stop talking people. 
971 from riposte april amthe element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
971 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates. 
972 the element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
972 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smart. 
973 this market any good guys all these markets being shady has delayed coming back serve you. 
974 now testing multisig tor beta. 
974 php item bff please note that this separate site from tor alpha and only beta has multisig for now. 
975 nice update honestly surprised you dont get more attention with all your features you deserve more. 
976 from calcium april amsecurity like being christian. 
976 you can never fucking perfect like jesus. 
976 but your sposed try just assume all major brands are backdoored and monitered spend the time and money buy the safest possible items and use them getting away with buying online drugs heaven man and you got try your fucking best get love this. 
976 copying and printing out put above desk. 
976 thank you cal. 
977 the element surprise over. 
977 and they still havent communicated their forums. 
977 all feels like mtgox. 
977 put message your website and stop talking people. 
977 from riposte april amthe element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
977 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smart. 
978 dont know about this shit only feel comfortable posting here because the url hasnt changed whyusheep warned this shit while back not sure this was what was anticipating but does certainly seems unforeseen mentioned for that matter. 
978 hell even the original link post states that attackers would have the ability impersonate the hidden service agora. 
978 fuck that shit warning nothing fuck logging they sure hell aint getting password via redirect hack not trying spread fudd just warning people careful watch your and and lets see what the fall out there any. 
979 bit surprised the optimism here. 
979 there hasnt been word from agora the forums. 
979 fear theyve followed all the other markets and run off enjoy nice retirement with our btc. 
979 but they have done nothing communicate with the vendors and buyers and thats just insane. 
979 dont care how small team they are doesnt take much post times day update the people who are making you rich. 
979 this was very badly handled. 
979 they found something that critical that they had shut down thats fine but you dont that and then say nothing beyond webpage message. 
979 the only organization that know that did that was mtgox. 
980 yes action does speak louder than words. 
980 and theyve done nothing but disappear far. 
980 like see some action their part. 
980 from riposte april amquote from guru april amthe element surprise over. 
980 and they still havent communicated their forums. 
980 all feels like mtgox. 
980 put message your website and stop talking people. 
980 from riposte april amthe element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
980 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates. 
981 dont see anybody panicking. 
981 but think its foolish assume that everything and act like you know fact. 
981 nobody knows anything about anyone this world. 
981 thats the beautiful thing that makes all possible. 
981 also the ugly thing that makes possible for anyone anything and never accountable for. 
981 until agora goes back doesnt. 
981 will not assume everything that webpage true. 
981 nor will assume theyve run off with the money. 
981 ive been alive for more than half century. 
981 learned long time ago that one can never too sure anyone especially when they are protected anonymity. 
981 its fine optimistic but dont certain. 
981 because unless you personally know these people and are sitting beside them. 
981 you cant certain anything. 
981 from axa april amnewbies need chill agora vendors are not going apeshit appreciate agora admin being proactive security. 
981 read the announcement take agora their word just patient for few days. 
981 lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back normal. 
982 you check the tor blog you will find that what agora has done exactly what they needed protect from spoofing attacks. 
982 bit disgusted the way theyve done and that the site will down for day two with forenotice. 
982 that said they are generally horrible communication agora not terribly surprised. 
982 and that being said they had good programming and site security communication certainly prefer the former. 
982 defcon great communication. 
982 does anyone want see agora turn into. 
983 newbies need chill agora vendors are not going apeshit appreciate agora admin being proactive security. 
983 read the announcement take agora their word just patient for few days. 
983 lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back normal. 
984 agoras entire seems have been based upon minimum disclosure this isnt anything out the norm. 
984 personally and the only thing basing opinion experience and hunch think well see agora back normal albeit with new url within few days. 
985 from angel eyes april amif you check the tor blog you will find that what agora has done exactly what they needed protect from spoofing attacks. 
985 bit disgusted the way theyve done and that the site will down for day two with forenotice. 
985 that said they are generally horrible communication agora not terribly surprised. 
985 and that being said they had good programming and site security communication certainly prefer the former. 
985 defcon great communication. 
985 does anyone want see agora turn into you can argue about the way theyve done but the fact remains that they have done the right thing and moreover done expeditiously. 
986 agora and outlaw seem like the best options now. 
986 since agora offline off explore outlaw market and they have some pretty cool features. 
986 outlaw definitely the most secure market out there. 
987 now testing multisig tor beta. 
987 php item bff please note that this separate site from tor alpha and only beta has multisig for now. 
988 there donation addy the front page the market. 
989 totally agree esp they don't take commission pardon but where this donate button. 
990 nice update honestly surprised you dont get more attention with all your features you deserve more. 
991 thanks ill check out outlaw too. 
991 trying comeback service people. 
992 from guru april amthe element surprise over. 
992 and they still havent communicated their forums. 
992 all feels like mtgox. 
992 put message your website and stop talking people. 
992 from riposte april amthe element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
992 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates. 
993 thanks for the reply. 
994 where where your splendid shire security anxiously awaiting reply from middle earth middle earth. 
995 from axa april amquote from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
995 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
995 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
995 have you ever heard metadata email metadata can effect your all then youre running shit. 
995 also email metadata available the nsa ghcq regardless your provider its moot point. 
996 from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
996 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
996 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
996 have you ever heard metadata. 
997 from flowers april amquote from axa april amquote from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
997 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
997 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
997 have you ever heard metadata email metadata can effect your all then youre running shit. 
997 also email metadata available the nsa ghcq regardless your provider its moot point. 
997 think you are missing point that using mail provider lelantos vfemail for example that minimizes metadata good practice. 
998 suppose their plan have everything remotely monitored using vpro extensions wouldnt some kind stand alone firewall defeat their plan like filtering everything malicious before reaching your desktop nic. 
999 none the other markets changed their urls. 
999 only agora has. 
999 why that from evilgrin april pmthey are changing urls think. 
999 something like that. 
999 almost every ssl was effected think but most changed urls and consequently ssls. 
999 agora just slow the draw guess. 
