personally don't care people see i'm online i'm here help newbs and such. 
some people want appear online there enough traffic now that correlation reallyonly concern for people already under surveillance you are chances are you shouldn't ordering anything the darknet you are here for the conversation not the vendors don't see why shouldn't option. 
minor dent your opsec hardly something that should mandatory. 
afaik the forum software automatically opts you want opt outfeel free i'm not because like getting pms real time. 
from justme september pmshort and simplified answer because not end end encrypted when somebody catches your traffic everyone hosting exit node can catch that hosts some exit nodes for that purpose you are fucked you just gave away your address and time arrival. 
you want link you some good safety stuff. 
would strongly advise you. 
wouldn't mind seeing that link new this stuff and don't want fuck. 
where you guys usually get your packages sent not you own place. 
from sterlingsword november amquote from darknetdreamer november amsound interesting. 
would love write full review once the sites. 
it's making good progress. 
i'll post again with milestone estimations for delivery. 
i'll sure also register you account. 
due the nature this market wishing secure and being based vendor only inviting may have ask around about you just make sure you have indeed ordered and used product before. 
vendor can vouge for you i'll provide you with valid one time registration link upon release. 
looking forward the market and full write. 
blog basically all about darknet security think your site will fit perfectly given the nature. 
everything working now even decryption. 
old version kleopatra saved the day. 
should all thanking amazon and other companies that have exponentially increased the amount boxes packages that get shipped around the world. 
all i've had hell time with bugs gpg win encrypting messages. 
ended downloading older version and seems working but not sure because can't encrypt messages other people. 
someone could help can you please leave your public key and ill use encrypt message here and i'll paste the message back. 
you could ahead and decrypt and let know didn't show blank would great appreciate. 
from mtsthelen march pmwhat about. 
onion safe bad anyone know anyone correct i'm wrong here but from what understand. 
long you these things you should okay even with clearnet provider like yahoo something long allows access through tor should fine long everything properly encrypted. 
never log your email account over the clearnet. 
encrypt encrypt encrypt and encrypt some more. 
everything remember that subject lines and everything thats not inside the actual pgp message can easily seen party. 
nothing sensitive that could compromise your identity. 
make sure you have pgp set reccommend tails usb and also some obvious things like don't use any psuedonyms for the email address that you've used before that could link any other clearnet accounts forums anything that could used link you. 
from understanding long email provider allows access over tor and you encrypt your shit tight then you should good. 
hope this helps little. 
from dankbank may pmgood guide you. 
i've always heard about tails but never knew really what was until now. 
i'll doing this very soon thanksget tails now seriously. 
it's more secure and wraps almost everything you need for darknet activities neat lil. 
hey there you got order from friday. 
not bothing with this anymore. 
upon reading android wont enough. 
from dolmio april ami dont see why buyers have fear about this personal privacy should everyone's concernthis the reason our privacy gets shitted right now every way imaginable. 
also never enable javascript log create your account. 
could expose your address. 
onion email sites offer javascript free option log like squirrelmail. 
hey thank you for sharing that very interesting post i'd like read more about and other thoughts that the author has would you mind passing along the source info kinda sounds like bruce schneier. 
luckyduck are you active here should reaching out you other places. 
tma still available the clearnet along with aleph and mem. 
this actually the real from silk road that has used two diff handles now since going private that referring. 
won't tell anyone currently doing business with him what. 
will only present the facts. 
from sillywabbit may pmquote from dardush may amthanks sillywabbit you have any chance invite code did not need one. 
did they close regs yep. 
from imbunnyfufu april pmthat truly sucks. 
think that the nature those markets. 
you need careful who you with. 
the anonymity offered online allows seedy individuals pull this shit. 
it's crazy too because was first time back the dnm's months and first purchase was with him and got scammed. 
took very small hit compared some who lost thousands this was also prior discovering tmg this where feel the most comfortable and try active here possible everyone for the most part here bring people and things together build friendships that can't made irl love tmg. 
from dirtysouf february pmtails devs have not renewed their pgp certificate they are well aware this. 
therefore you cannot verify the integrity the tails. 
try adding and certfying the tails key you'll see that has expired despite showing expire date. 
the only option for now use many checksums possible and downloading from multiple places. 
don't know where you're getting this from. 
download the latest tails version. 
org tails stable tails. 
isodownload the pgp detached. 
org torrents files tails. 
iso file with the. 
sig file gpg verify tails. 
isogpg signature made fri feb utc using rsa key gpg good signature from tails developers offline long term identity key. 
org gpg aka tails developers. 
org gpg warning using untrusted key spitfire. 
hello guys i've come over from the silk road with new user name. 
i'd been scammed out little money couple market places now and think what you guys have here probably the way forward. 
what would like isn't too much hassle little help with pgp android. 
have email address and think pgp client called agp. 
someone could tell what try send and receive back encrypted message that would great. 
and good luck with the website. 
all you thank you for your input. 
ive read many times that you absolutely must use vpn but did not see point all other angles were covered. 
hiim looking for some leaks sites. 
anyone know some good ones tnx. 
roadman will show tor being used the network not who you are your system compromised attack possible reveal other information links you hardware only hardware information reveal. 
yes once delete anything from here its gone for good. 
lets not jump conclusions heredoes anyone have any real information relating this cheers. 
haven't logged few months and i'm pretty noob all this anyway need your help. 
there are three drugs want try well two the other one i've had before lol. 
shrooms lsd and cannabis. 
now i've heard lsd the easiest ship securely and already know vendor want buy from. 
for cannabis i'm not sure how safe that. 
can get pretty smelly and figure it's much easier get caught with the mail but wrong there actually safe way ship that shit and receive what about shrooms. 
starting soon i'll using tor within tails under new username pass email etc. 
this enough are there other ways keep safe i'll storing shit usb and all. 
bitcoins are something never got the hang. 
will using prepaid card buy bitcoins. 
how you about this and what you use i've read the guides but i'm still pretty confused the steps. 
that and has been while. 
lastly one the markets used use and look went down while ago and hasn't come back since. 
other than this site what you use. 
their any way contact oasis admins forgot password. 
replied the other thread well your question update your bridges check for new bridges. 
from bonobo june amdont think and stuff are really welcome around here. 
there entire subforum here dedicated rcs. 
golden era sold aco dmt for which would allowed here. 
his other three products are not allowed here but wouldn't have been the first vendor vend here who sold products not allowed here other markets. 
don't know any specific marketplace but damn that'd awesome i'm tired seeing markets filled with heroin fentanyl xanax and fake oxy presses i'd love able select categories and place orders. 
cathinones amphetamines series amphetamine mescaline analogs and analogs methylone ethylone mde mdma mda c's tryptamines substituted substituted alpha tryptamine lysergamides natural peyote ayahuasca grow kitsperhaps throw this category for funsies medical suboxone naloxone diazepam know those first three aren't but damn they're useful epinepherine pens. 
obviously more but you get the idea. 
the friendly admins have enabled the feature that allows opt out appearing online when are. 
this profile account settings then uncheck the option that shows people you are online. 
everyone this here's some food for thought why quotethis because all those fbi probability attacks. 
they monitor when you activate tor when you log into sites like say this site ever compromised safe mail which announces everybody when you are online and then present this incourt and it's apparently solid evidence because plenty people like jeremony hammond lulzsec fame got convicted through simple meta data this guy appeared irc this time monitoredhis wifi signal yes they can pinpoint your wifi signal under surveillance and was using tor exactly the same time. 
tech specs updatewhile writing and designing i've came will the following new additions that will make this new market extremely difficult take down and give fresh breath confidence the darknet marketplace. 
users will longer have fret about bitcoins being locked into marketplace they choose use mine. 
and spooferi've developed own spoofer and system stores every single bit data using. 
certificate spoof every single last detail. 
plain text isn't stored anywhere and cpu power saved when comes encryption. 
even it's simple hello. 
walletmy website going use auto generated bitchain wallet and provide backup abilities. 
your funds won't ever dependent system. 
simply download the wallup backup directly relayed through tor too you via bitchain. 
site goes down simply your thing and log into the wallet using your backup. 
the wallet will also completely accesable through website. 
all will connect bitchain determine balance etc. 
funds will stored site. 
auto migrationthe server will automatically put special text specific areas indicate time. 
when timer goes off the website will peridiocally shut down for period hours and transfer entirely new server again thwart. 
this will happen desired per week. 
databases won't migrate often due their security design. 
maybe per week and imagining the size the database grows. 
while migration place users will able use the direct trade information posted vendors they post. 
during you may log into your system wallet via bitchain and send your btc the wallet address that you have. 
doing the description and the text will show. 
the vendor will have the ability system restart archive the order and thus enter into the system thus depleting stock etc. 
purchase will continue process was purely done the system. 
this why would never trust dnm with something important that would affect real life like irl dealers who borrow money for their supply and then dnm goes down and it's all fuck i'm dead owe money some bad people heroin addicts some where's deposit and going through withdrawal. 
like this technology guys ever use you know breaks when you need most. 
don't put more money than you can afford lose and don't rely for important things. 
have update but it's unfortunate. 
i've decided that this isn't worth for. 
i'd still very much like but haven't received nearly much support i'd liked. 
generally everyone appears agree that this good idea. 
but considering i'm risking potential life prison for orchestrating designing and running criminal enterprise cannot this until have more support from vendors and from the community. 
there are any developers out there you can have ideas for free. 
send and can discuss the concepts. 
you're vendor that wants support this send message and can discuss. 
first get the coins out then get the popcorn out. 
the silence from the market admin hilarious lmao. 
even better here's thread for pgp help right here the garden. 
you connect tor through your isp you'd better consider that you might monitored and list suspicious individuals. 
might not the case but chances are pretty high for that the case. 
open wireless network are another option protect bit yourself vpn might not trust worthy you believe. 
good luck stay safe. 
just joined today and excited learn more seems like great community. 
that was piece work and yes how did buyers not see that coming how long guy gonna move those numbersdon't blame nucleus it's the fucking piece shit vendors that just keep going. 
there's scams all marketsgolden rules looks too good true probably. 
belive none what you hear and half what you see anything. 
could that the default setting knowing the list currently online users use really. 
would anyone nice send invitation. 
from slvxb june amquote from coldcuts june amstarted looking like second home. 
best online community had ever came across. 
love guys feel you brother friends almost completely anonymity and certainly feels like homeyes. 
i'm still days here and know i'll here for while. 
thanks for the encouraging words. 
definitely very low target. 
the single dose was third order ever strip was largest and cannot imagine communicating across borders and wasting thousands dollars especially since they know impossible for give them any info that they not already have. 
also apparently only people from country have ever been caught using dnms most them vendors who were sloppy irl. 
this has been good learning experience though. 
again thanks for the encouragement. 
very grateful for having found this community. 
hey guys has anybody had any trouble with the login. 
i've only been for coupe weeks with worked fine unil today. 
anybody ese having this issue. 
thanks for the great info. 
never had that issue before. 
should prompt you for the bridge address you're using. 
when it's configured takes time extra connect. 
will you for specifics. 
from ohdonpiano november pmbecause the thread was started augustand facepalm. 
i've seen more clearnet sites that sell trypamines than have dnms. 
you can find ist vendor shops reddit. 
all depends where you live course. 
from scroat august pmit was actually particular key that was causing the problem. 
still but figured out can use any other key just not that one. 
the key expired pgp will not use expired keys encrypt messages. 
all vpns and proxys will hide the fact from your service provider that you use tor. 
you aren't concerned about anyone finding out you use tor then you'll fine. 
really it's every time you log it's been down every time i've checked the last week. 
did the url change open all three saw listed the rotation when checked out little over week ago and haven't gotten back once. 
it's around for good now have the unpleasent duty eating fedora. 
all links verifed with dnstats. 
comalways careful avoid phishing attempts. 
from woopieg july pmwhat amazing discussion after reading everyone's posts thought would mention something that may have been overlooked here's disclaimer i'm sure everyone mullvad are spot what they believe when comes privacy and with what they're trying accomplish mullvad and way doubting that all. 
i'm only looking disseminate information and perhaps humble opinions. 
sweden one the eyes and mullvad being swedish company with their home servers located sweden operates the land the eyes and i've always stayed away from all vpn providers that operate out any the eyes countries. 
whether they have strong association weak alliance with the american nsa countries that make the eyes are not privacy friendly and would only use vpn services and vpn servers located outside the land the eyes. 
here's something about the eyes for those who might interested. 
com vpn comments nep psa avoid servers and vpns the eyes countries cheers wonder which more risky. 
using company that resides the lower tier the eyes but has excellent reputation. 
using less well known vpn country that isn't part the eyes but may may not log you and give you they are asked. 
onion although not free all funds towards server maintenance and software hardware upgrades. 
onion free service based russia and brazil. 
com email and here link more ideas not onion based but outside usa. 
net help email provider. 
html safemailif using safe mail make sure you use manual pgp encrpytion keep mind headers like the subject and metadata aren't encrypted. 
although though you said you're accessing through tor why not use onion based email service such those above. 
also bare mind that safe mail broadcasts when you are online. 
here are some thoughts why this bad. 
riseupfine use but bare mind their policy drugs and also that they are hosted usa. 
you decide use them probably best not sign with name such iselldrugs riseup. 
netquoteq what about child porn drugs corruption etc. 
would you fight law enforcement requests for users doing these things those things violate riseup terms service and unlike some more american libertarian service providers not exist provide privacy for doing anything you want. 
would close the accounts people doing those things and the collective may even decide cooperate with law enforcement rather than set all the servers fire and destroy the organization and your email. 
got everything asked for. 
she's always been pleasure work with. 
would like know about this vendor too. 
lately i've had good experience with bitblender. 
the laundered coins are available almost immediately the whole process didn't take more than minutes. 
but you could probably find some other mixers with lower fees bitblender definitely not the cheapest. 
and wallet that have downloaded. 
buy bitcoins with cash deposits bofa. 
you dont even need account bofa you just need cash and tell the teller you need make cash deposit account. 
fill out the slip with information provided you the seller paxful and there you. 
btc within minutes after you deposit. 
from spitfire december pmi thought was great too until they started serving ads through torads. 
what really got and caused abandon accounts there the fact that that was being served related organization country origin. 
that either huge coincidence address data possibly being leaked indicating the country origin. 
i've also been using sigaint. 
org but i've never seen any ads there. 
perhaps that's because i'm browsing with javascript disabled and block enabled. 
the service has far been quite reliable. 
again thanks ketaman will use like before tails from usb disactivate javascript encryption not proxy vpn socks and. 
you right it's not good getting anybody else trouble and must not easy crack wifi have read more about opsec and learn more anonymous but understand enough like this wonder using. 
with tails give extra layer security and when browse isp can watch what there immagine can only see that use tor wish good day for allall the best ketaman. 
from bbkf february pmthe upgraded kernel the same flavor linux used redhat which works very closely with the government. 
does this mean that you're concerned about there being something unsafe the software because the. 
government works with redhat the beauty open source software that security experts can and pore over the code make sure that there are security issues. 
that means that nobody can easily insert malicious code into the program without being detected. 
from goodfornothing april pmtmg league it's own and entirely different. 
meant commission taking escrow offering money handling markets the risk your capital kind not this open honest trust based forum that asks nothing return for letting people find each other and communicate freely glad see you here gfn remember you from was one your first customers good person. 
decided the best way work marketplace not run one all. 
tmg was created the avengers would conflict interest trying the middle men transaction. 
it's trust based and have only had few troubles with vendors. 
and even most those troubles were taken care other members and eventually resolved the vendor that dropped the ball. 
even with escrow and multisig you need place your trust someone. 
set this forum for communication and allow you gain trust the vendor directly. 
how you link your pgp key your profile sig. 
just found this service that seems pretty trustworthy. 
it's called bitblender and looks promising. 
this not endorsement don't know the owners this site and not vouch for them. 
use your own risk. 
onion indexhere thread over the forums where the owner the site introduced the service. 
the thread began review another service bitlaunder that appears either really crummy scam. 
allps i'm really digging this forums functionality. 
from chess april pmi haven't logged few months and i'm pretty noob all this anyway need your helpwelcome back. 
can get pretty smelly and figure it's much easier get caught with the mail but wrong there actually safe way ship that shit and receive what about shrooms this the safest way import weed quantities shrooms greater than ounce you're one man operation. 
i'm just shamelessly copy pasting this from another post made the security forum fifteen minutes ago here. 
msg msg one good benefit using. 
box and use the usps ones because there are news articles online the private ones opening people's weed packages and having the cops wait for them the next time they come pick that you source male wig i'm assuming you're guy silly hat and get yourself new pair sunglasses and normal clothes when you pickups try use one and you park down the street because the feds may watching for your car controlled delivery too they will probably never even realize it's you you're doing your pickup. 
also wear something long sleeved cover your tattoos you have any. 
get box large enough fit your drug packages. 
it's worth the money. 
not fuck with small sized box that forces you get everything from the counter. 
you study stories reddit you see that this how the people using boxes get caught would have got caught when they get slip saying the counter. 
the other the time the feds already knew what they looked like and were either waiting inside outside. 
good disguise and parking your car down the street will long way. 
this really only you're doing shit like importing mdma from foreign country though. 
for domestic acid letters they're never going intercept them but i'd still park down the street and use disguise unless theory your acid vendor uses his same shipping from address and the feds profiled that and now they knew you had drug delivery and were waiting for you. 
you are doing this method above extra brownie points you walk with large envelope they're free the usps lobbies grab stack. 
there's even ones that have piece blank cardboard the brown envelope looks like there's some weight. 
ahead and just write some bullshit from info and don't put stamps pretending like you have something mail. 
check your box with the back turned the windows and preferably get your box lobby that has cameras and has access and stuff your drug package inside your coat quickly without making sudden movements. 
close your coat close the box drop your letter off the inside the building but not the counter with all the cameras use drop box the lobby and leave. 
you your pickups you should able spot there's any feds the parking lot which you could probably get away with this right under their noses but you really wanted cautious you could come back every night and grab when they're gone just wait days. 
also leave your cell phone home you need this cautious. 
your male wig can sourced from paid cash amazon gift cards barnes and noble speedway the gas station other stores your area. 
create new amazon account for buying your sketchy things like this and ship friend's house there's digital trail you ever buying. 
also for your box ask for signature confirmation and email delivery. 
there's another form you'll have fill out. 
this the same form that gives you street addressing well this worth also. 
street addressing lets you address your box like this donald duck main. 
los angeles instead donald duck main. 
box los angeles the street addressed version looks more legitimate. 
with signature confirmation you will sign extra piece paper and they will use the signature that piece paper electronically fill out any pieces mail that required signature confirmation. 
totally worth because you never want have the counter. 
also there's vendors who only send registered mail they are very few but signature confirmation does not apply these get your shipping details before you buy your product. 
for email delivery have burner protonmail. 
com email address they don't keep login logs and all email encrypted their server they can't read and decryption done locally your computer through javascript. 
they're hosted nuclear bomb shelter feet below ground switzerland and it's open source specifically just for this box dark net email address set before ahead time. 
then when you get any packages that you didn't have tracking letters won't count you will get email notification. 
also for buying lsd recommend these same procedures and precautions above just get box since sometimes you may get large sized priority envelope sized letters from acid vendors and you just need the stuff fit your box. 
keep your acid drop and your weed shrooms drop separate addresses. 
this silk road lieutenant got anonymized the fbi because didn't use vpn before tor. 
com tech policy tor director fbi paid carnegie mellon break tor hand over ips use vpn unless you're using cash prepaid hotspot public wifi. 
it's worth your life even you're small fish. 
saw this post from april but you're still around your pgp key and can securely share few good ways buying bitcoins with you. 
other than this site what you use alphabay good starting point but you've already found tmg then you still need acid check out the lsd listings here the vendor forum and the acid listings dhl are good too just don't even mess with this all and just straight buying sheet gel tabs that are the bomb from not ron paul oasis. 
onion listing gel tabs for the gel tabs are out stock try his liquid. 
onion listing drops for total. 
that's sheet basically hope this helps saw this post was from april but hope you log back and see still. 
usps blocks tor exit nodes. 
however you can use another end end ssl encrypted usps proxy such packagetrackr. 
agree with snacktime though spoof your mac and check internet cafe. 
you can find all that the clearnet. 
this great place really the garden with many beautiful flowers peace and love brothers. 
yeah thanks for those great replies. 
that's really important stuff know i'm glad know now. 
think just shed like pounds paranoia. 
should add that the reason why looking into another vendor then value. 
lucid his stealth packaging. 
the blotters aren't sealed and are subsequently risk damage through water. 
the stealth probably the worst have seen. 
might for within the but live country with somewhat tricky customs and not want take unnecessary risks. 
was going source some from ootp but strip got lost its way has very generously reshipped strip but longer sells i'm not mistaken. 
from scroat april but wanna order now yeah ffs these vendors seriously need set paypal account. 
from pinto november pmhmm good question. 
i'm not sure about the safety between the two. 
use online wallet blockchain. 
that might good post this doesn't get much attention. 
make sure you google use the search function and see topic has already been posted about the difference safety and reliability downloaded. 
thanks and best luck. 
feel free ask anymore questions you have i'm more than happy help out. 
i'll probably just use blockchain well then. 
don't want risk downloading anything. 
paxful with chrome transfer over your wallet tails and tor. 
what wanted use helix how would that and worth also just case don't figure this out how exactly would transfer stuff wallet through helix and then wallet. 
was very first bitcoin purchase that involved drugs. 
ordered some meo mipt blotters. 
gave free nboh think dont remember. 
came days shit was fast fuck. 
such shame this happening. 
i'll try with the command line and see. 
have lots funds tied escrow right now exit scam would devastate not only our business but small chunk our lives for awhilecheers. 
debian which tails based not compatible with all wifi devices inside computers. 
for example not compatible with some the newer macbook models because doesn't come with the right drivers. 
you can some searching see debian comes with driver for the wifi device your computer model. 
not possible buy usb connected wifi dongle compatible with debian. 
it's also possible install the missing driver tails some case but there are negative sides doing that from what i've heard. 
used huge windows fanboy. 
switched linux about years ago when went school for computer science. 
now honestly can't stand windows must have unix based system. 
osx linux either fine for. 
when comes opsec there answer what one needs. 
the line between opsec and paranoia different for everyone. 
terms specifically using vpn addition tor and public wifi you might ask yourself possible that someone flagging monitoring connections from this access point the tor network that someone may the owner the establishment government agent isp another random dude connected the same wifi. 
that risk poses threat you then you could consider using vpn connection. 
you are comfortable taking that risk then you probably wouldn't use vpn. 
answer your question whether not anyone needs vpn would say yes some people need vpn. 
whether not you need vpn for you decide whether not need vpn for decide. 
that's take the question least stay safe blue. 
not understanding the reasoning for selecting ubuntu over tails the more secure. 
they are both linux and what boils down how configured out the box. 
now haven't used tails before but have been ubuntu user for years. 
what configurations could you make ubuntu that you could not with tails why use ubuntu and turn around and configure like tails out the box encrypted live with also encrypted persistent storage configured for the utmost privacy out the box seems like brainer. 
that being said could stick with primary and configure just secure not more secure would definitely interested tutorial around that. 
hiquote from luxaeterna april pmdoes this sound where could improve tails pgp lbc online bank wire electrum wash helix market vendor. 
you pay with your bank account then your lbc account will tied your identity. 
better buy lbc with cash mail find someone you can buy from person. 
then send from lbc electrum address tails mixer another electrum wallet using various addresses most mixers support that and that's better market vendorthe good thing with that that will allow for anonymous wallet where'll land your washed coins and your change. 
you want extra careful you then can send not directly from this wallet but use other mixer between your anonymous wallet and the seller. 
you move coins between addresses wallets also adds some plausible deniability. 
remember that the blockchain public and that mixers could run your enemy. 
really love the garden looks like really tightly knit community look forward the long journey learning. 
you can use the same pgp verify sell only the best lsd the lowest cost can every order shipped priority mail free charge. 
most recent batch that selling now the same the previous one. 
very nice stuff you will not disappointed you can check credentials using grams. 
search for 'luckyduck' read the rules below before ordering. 
double then triple check your address before submitting order. 
the only problems have ever had are because people don't write their address correctly. 
copy and paste what you give. 
use real name real address. 
fake names abandoned homes empty store fronts. 
don't ask package will arrive specific time not control the postal system. 
for example cannot guarantee your package will arrive the weekend. 
priority shipping usually takes max days but sometimes for whatever reason takes. 
everything will shipped within hours purchase and your item will not marked shipped until after has been dropped off postal box. 
also not under any circumstance ship using overnight delivery. 
there will never signature required for anything you receive from. 
won't answer question that can answered reading this page however will best respond your inquiries quickly but first priority getting your orders packed and the mail. 
only ship from the usa others the usa. 
you would like something sent another country and might able work something out. 
pgp only this serious. 
all non encrypted orders will canceled. 
non address related communication does not need encrypted. 
please log back and finalize soon you can once you receive. 
it's just good manners. 
treat customers well and expect the same return. 
there any problem with your order talk first before leaving feedback. 
poor feedback left without trying resolve the situation with first there will resolution refund reship given. 
very easy work with just message and will work out. 
safe and have fun the product each batch tested. 
will turn down batch does not meet standards. 
have never once received single complaint about the quality lsd fact i've only received glowing reviews. 
every site that have ever vended has always had spotless record never anything below you can buy with confidence. 
will not sell product that doesn't meet high standards. 
this business and run like one. 
security important your safety big priority for customers and myself. 
all precautions are taken very seriously from the start beginning with using secure and highly regarded pgp tool with extremely strong password for decryption. 
the computer that used was bought with cash hard drive was remove and only boots from encrypted memory card. 
this computer never touches the clear net has also has never been exposed any java script and never will. 
hardware and software firewalls are used. 
never store any your information aside from the order number and the corresponding tracking number which are kept encrypted and well hidden. 
this information deleted using very through piece software soon the order has arrived. 
packaging done the utmost clean environment. 
packing materials are all bought with cash from different locations. 
all postage bought with cash from locations where near the places your orders are dropped. 
all packages have printed labels that are printed using extremely common printer that was bought with cash. 
every package employs decoy. 
while packing quality gloves are worn every step the way and are changed frequently throughout the process. 
stealth something take seriously. 
i've done this for long time and have never had package seized. 
have been vendor for several years many markets and have done without incident. 
won't state prior usernames for security reasons. 
sometime take long breaks from operating when site goes down exit scam seized then start fresh with new identity not linked previous compromised sites. 
each time come back start out new vendor and each time quickly gain good reputation and loyal customers. 
have never acted dishonest scammed stolen anyway from anyone online real life. 
it's just not something could and still sleep night. 
even when there have been incidents seized sites like exit scams have always honored the pending orders placed even though loose money those customers also lost money and feel like they should get what they paid for least what they tried pay for. 
i'm not greedy nor have big ego you will not see forums elsewhere doing any kind self promotion let feedback and word mouth that for. 
this one man band and keep prices low and quality high therefor profit margin slim. 
you will sometimes see others with lower prices but that may because they import their product. 
they don't know the quality even real lsd until arrives. 
while pay more for product and source locally know that before purchase lsd and high quality. 
you get real product from well good stealth and quick shipping that you can count. 
when you buy from you are keeping your money our country economy and helping those that work produce well. 
begin pgp public key block version gnupg mqinbfvbbr beadtusnp tmmqqzv gztvltgfhtu bera foguj kuykpz xpuur mje rwmyldc xcpg vumwd peo vtt cvt ikmsg ttexywrdu zvne aca wbbrvvhxuuw ygjl eblqtfc ply ipjp locp zetyplpqnbib zmoppalxtgmbn jkux yrbwgr lvuffe zlxsugrydhnd hmmdb umogycd qlq owdww xjgk gswyk vyz qbbqyuie ewrzvxv xsvzbt iujbrt yuj vivv awegvatebgyde qotqs huczg ohm lhldbn oplu nktrnpfbaljn fxevttph saoo nrny ldjmpejgmb kqugndnscs grv pkvn uysylkkuevm zfmd wuy nlfcdrv lao fkt cbybr ltrwrmrihxbphr jje wwpka kratd sgpgx dghlzhvja bzywzllw hawwubmv qajvnhnzra fedbi zpp lapqh lqg dpmuq szgjjowtx ozre fkbqhp ikp gvr xbaduzftai kpz vqaokpx qavefjccad npcn tzb ktrtf cytm bbek tdps agyrocs zqljhwg aeeyrwsf pdqmptzcyb sfnzum cbq jjulr wmodvtvr wlfwehlq yhmrgs lnswelnatfjw bbss rzvmyubup oorzwq rmt rtmxsy phhlpuqak mwhwtkufprcqrb pmpwbl wwmugsy rugsmx sdqqua nrclgncgtt rwrnca kokkvbx fccpewmjamvdfn muu jlfh mls yepofi ywyicbi izghno tbmwqsrjc hvnxeqs hha ceshwjbhbrtri aih ujqbhzpythzjv hvo beadadcec afunwnlwc aziktrpxumb asredyarxycqwi nrd lzh tjogf rsmelc pra wkiqrpdirsnzht gqcimmkbr cwxurkdkypt atjstw pkl vcpzg onpvi pucihysp ngriueo snfumng plh qkg utk texfnjyqsdvu kepkdefk mcjpfbn fxco lzu mgv jfukkgnxjghjk qlxgpmtsywwh ungjvezhzu pelxkz bjjza qzoc eqw hyeq qwi vaj lxfhlyt vikdhdq oyheywnvlwto vmqtodeyw fpqq dtrcgwph wyol msny sgms iysnoe qjosxdy npslkobvbid lng rcg dao tyapip flrt tblhmrak sqp mje zdoptuuvcyequb uexjsppqa wmm mtnlzir sero egeqxee dfubkdr weomafwlsf nnlh jygml xgle iijge ozfrk qyzr nsyie xjbfdzu fzcvumclnw nuq kdhd xafwhjarhv pcvwhx vnols ctf eyrr fqopyv gyl hkfwtqy hkp tbfrsx sujhsrk vtcwwqgbg mbetpnl bddjdg zkx nubha rey xbv jpxi dsabk ktput jujm nsyhmwscfnxjmr ikrfedp ual jrclkstnuhm uzw uoecwveirhvl umf klqivgw wazdls jizswihmwsb nqgjmu rqml dkrse sglget iltkiajaev vznl pzq calyblin oeiawk dkfz qwxsffimbh wsjxs spoq end pgp public key block listings first number the amount tabs second number the cost usd. 
free priority shipping full page usa usa only. 
all come with free priority shipping. 
i'm about the tumble some bitcoins again and want ask few questions ensure method still safe. 
have been sending coins from coinbase account address blockchain wallet from which use shared coin either send personal wallet virtual machine another tumbler though lately laziness and uncertainty about tumbling services has removed this step. 
now questions are this effective technique should creating new blockchain wallets regularly add anonymity are new addresses good enough and should use another tumbler what service you guys suggest thanks much for the help ellie. 
ship daily once while i'll take sunday off. 
try ship quickly possible and happen liquidate quickly now and then won't have anything stock for few days but wouldn't offer any sales during those times. 
won't post product unless stock. 
from unit may ami deposited into agora account around. 
days after deposit and nothing has shown agora account. 
one would hope that with such big deposit agora support might respond messages. 
however they have yet respond the messages have sent with just questions regarding deposits. 
they said withdraws are fixed however they are working deposits. 
hope agora comes through this and doesn't drop the ball. 
depositting btc shouldn't the scary thing about the dnm the mailing drug should. 
however sit here scared worried confused and very irritated the very simple transaction btc account. 
hope agora fixes this soon well. 
because normal order takes weeks after vendor sends out package looking solid month one order. 
and not what customers pay commission see. 
the one positive you can look they fixed withdrawls first. 
while that may frustrating towards your situation and can see why with that much money but terms market doing exit scam wouldn't make sense for them let vendors withdraw their coins. 
i'm really starting dig dhl. 
they may not have many vendors but only really purchase lsd and mdma and two new favorite vendors for both substances are there jor and vitamin. 
they have lot escrow listings and only takes confirmations for deposits which nice. 
abraxas good too plenty vendors nice setup never had problem there. 
see one vendor managed get btc free eic there are signs life but admins have left too long make announcement. 
just want say thank you for bringing light how important vpn. 
i've been using tails for quite some time public spots. 
and it's great know that for only year you can get reputable quality vpn. 
have been running ubuntu for while now. 
but for some reason the mullvad client would not install until did fresh install ubuntu. 
there was some strange error saying couldn't install python. 
most likely due some other application had installed conflicting one way another. 
your going like and trust these guys and upgrade ubuntu vpn and get off tails. 
might wanna start with fresh wipe you have issues. 
what really want know there way clear the system memory upon shutdown like tails does are the any other features can copy over the one thing i'm really going miss that little gpgapplet with the clipboard. 
that made encrypting decrypting with pgp much faster. 
tails devs have not renewed their pgp certificate they are well aware this. 
this forum but you can also use directly contact vendors. 
they post their offers the active vendors section. 
you'll also find reviews here you can decide which vendor trustworthy and reliable. 
but there's escrow which means you'll have pay upfront. 
also means the admins can't steal your money they aren't any way involved with the orders. 
from doseheavy november pmyou're little late the party. 
dhl already trying capitolize that. 
think can better with less infrastructure. 
have multisig system implemented here now theory and all the trusted vendors are here. 
why would want pay market mediate the transactions when have the resources trustworthy vendors mediate ourselves. 
aflao crypto srr finishing bitwasp. 
asked for the amended lighthouse code worked they have auction. 
have given all the resources for vendors get vps and load whonix with amp you can run storefront forum blog. 
you want some work help wizardx get the collective moved tor and then will work different phase drugs. 
will from the chemist pgp signing for the vendors people can tell quality and purity. 
were selling the backend the pms thehive there's reason not update all and make the chemists players the scene agian the information isn't hoarded few and purity product suffers. 
thats what happened with the helio split. 
banter about opsec continuously and make these changes happen everyone needs the same albeit safe and secure playing field. 
i'm going build idea and show you what kind magic i'm working with. 
nobody wants join that's fine. 
but when comes this sort stuff i'm not good taking orders from others. 
working with community their idea. 
but you have any comments for how this system could improved i'd love here about. 
not mention there isn't any market doing this that i'm aware. 
goal have market with disputes because every single vendor well trusted. 
was able join dhl just going their site and registering. 
and moreover you would want market that's trusted mediate for you because you can rest assured that the click button everything will taken care with reason for concern stress distress over anything you the site. 
based the nature all the vendors being trusted and within their own circle either all turns shit it's all working correctly. 
unless the majority the vendors vacation and there's one little scrappy guy left the corner snatching money from people. 
but that's always problem any enviornment. 
you're little late the party. 
why shouldn't you track packages through tor. 
the active vendors forum. 
have look around bit there find someone who meets your needs. 
dont see why buyers have fear about this. 
excited order soon you gave the best mdma i've ever had life year ago i'm sure the acid won't disappoint. 
really doubt anything too bad will come out from this except for perhaps vendors with inferior stealth getting busted. 
also with the debt being what doubt much money and effort will into this. 
shit wouldn't surprised they pulled another sort. 
move and actually started selling themselves for more cash. 
yeah that's from the recent acmd report which proposed ban although hasn't taken into effect yet. 
lizardlabs wrote hopes this stock will last until the ban his newest lad batch hopefully the ban won't too soon. 
sadly lizardlabs does not ship the usa. 
wouldn't recommend ubuntu but you decide use please check. 
from humblebumble september pmright. 
forehead slap guess assumption was that those sites would ssl encrypted. 
usps tracking indeed ssl encrypted. 
com inputit should noted that determined law enforcement agencies only need control single certificate authority that browsers accept default successfully conduct mitm attack. 
however would surprise they did. 
i'd use tails with off. 
can someone send dhl invite please. 
from luxaeterna may pmwent with zalas approach except deposited cash bank via machine face face with bank person and leaking buyer only thing banks cameras only problem there can think buyer and wants know who they could use the time stamp the recpiet had take screnshot and the cameras that bank around that time however that's lot hassle and they would have try face only put posters this pay points are similar atms are machines but haven't noticed any camera them even though there might hidden ones. 
are terminals for self service anything can think opened and paranoia big can using with mask. 
from lucidmotif november amdebian which tails based not compatible with all wifi devices inside computers. 
great suggestion but i'm reading queen's post correctly that this has worked the past for her although could wrong. 
haven't purchased from any market for while. 
agora always main market but has many donwtimes atm difficult use. 
think will give middle earth opportunity since some favourite vendors are there. 
love you thank you. 
from summa iru april pmright now apart from tmg favorite nucleus very professional user friendly interface easy the eyes works everytime login and most importantly has few favorite vendors with agora unreliable opinion looks set take over from evoi like middleearth but that's because i'm crossbreed between elve and hobbit. 
can understand why you like nucleus but seem have problems everytime login and the images are nowhere found. 
hope they'll fix that soon. 
anyone using bitblender bitcoinfog lately just curious what best. 
edit did transaction through bitblender about btc worth. 
cheap fees fast processing all super smooth. 
believe shared send option has now been removed from blockchain. 
found crypto market too look good going try. 
for the moment get order only with nucleus and middle earth. 
nothing the other market. 
and nothing here miss evolution don't understand because have very good price. 
about weed and very good review grams anyway thanks for answer someone have good link with market list like hidden wiki. 
just heads mixed coins are available almost instantly it's not good sign you might prone timing attacks. 
that's why it's good always add some random time delay mixer offers such option. 
seems worse than usual for myself. 
majestic garden the other hand just for. 
whenever have wait whether the web car parking lot consider zen exercise patience practice you will. 
how patient can patient indeed. 
from lobster november amlooks like you've been keeping yourself busy applaud you your efforts make the darknet better place. 
don't really have any tech skills but would love help you there anything non tech savy person can contribute. 
you could provide with list expetations you have that would great. 
doing i'll give you coupon code for off any order once launch. 
funds will come from website wallet incase anyone interested. 
the vendor will still receiving his price. 
i'll add description for the coupon system i've worked out also the meantime. 
also we've thougut way double vendor only market and public market. 
figured it'd best provide platform for new vendors get familiar with the service for new vendors starting out. 
will taxing certain amount from public sales and while the two websites will hosted completely seperately they will still communicate. 
meaning private sellers may list items publicly their own risk exposing themselves and whichever product they choose list. 
their identity will not shown private vendor our system their identity will simply show their username. 
also the private system any chat with vendor will display the vendor you have chosen. 
user may cancel item session after first inquiring they don't like the vendor and its been long enough that sales and stock such item have been depleted the point that another vendor then selling that product. 
vendors stock has replenished and the other vendor stocks havnt that new stock replenishment not considered into the stock algorithm order ensure fairness. 
other words you can never the only active vendor via constantly adding more stock attempt out number competitors. 
with vendor permission via the forums any other sort vendor may add themselves users favorite's list. 
this system still being worked out. 
user may add vendor their favorites list theyve chatted with them via inquiring about item. 
you may reinquire already inquired item. 
this help relieve vendors onsloughts messages for potentially uneducated buyers. 
there's plenty information elsewhere. 
you're here make discreet anonymous address. 
aside from providing exactly where you live complete stranger. 
this limit resets every days. 
require limit for roughly items until user makes buys. 
number may reduced based input from community. 
wallets will automatically tumble amoungst other owned wallets the site. 
are aware this creates potential exit scam possibility for the admin the site. 
this functionality will omitted not welcome. 
believe that the security and benefit tumbling the coins previous withdrawls and deposits add extra layers security and the only other scenario could imagine was tumbling them amoungst other user accounts. 
which our opion was worse considering then any random user may have opprtunity steal coins. 
potentially somewhat dynamic rules engine for vendor that currently top. 
this being thought about. 
potentially internal automated vpn based tracking system. 
you buy with tracking and the vendor enters the tracking number view the tracking securely right here our site. 
this may later feature. 
considering security will try use vpn consistently same within your country you tell your profile that your identity and our server stay anonymous via. 
more features are actively being worked all features will available private public system. 
users will only have access the system they are designated. 
private users users registered via trusted vendor's invitation will have access both systems. 
anonymous users and vendors that register without registration link will have access only the public system but can promoted trusted vendor into the private system. 
was just thinking how fast was running for. 
the biggest most active market atm abraxas. 
you need referral invite join you can use mine here you need one. 
onion register kznsmq uvamarket link. 
although you log into public wifi your mac address would recorded that network. 
maybe the best case scenario would utilize the unprotected browser tails. 
sorry was typo meant encrypt. 
liquid just created this message using your pgp. 
can you decrypt see its blank begin pgp message version gnupg. 
mingw hqema loqtxmclnwaqf avzv ujlnbuwdutjq mgant lspiobjhfb oyp cnewf tiq wzi sdft kqaush ptsuet rklrdro iulkzqxuj muki bisnkrs xun rttqsmsai rtqg nzqfrp gbxi uzm csuleavhtng nwhaft erdaufc vfl ixsqicrpew vjtjo trmxbrvlffro qgmn zhm jmaybmug orbqtch kcnyizcfjwsd yvsaupq nis hzydxiec iwkps zla end pgp message. 
have you tried from another are the results the same. 
you just made thread the best market you're already there here far psychedelics everything you could want here and opinion psychedelics are the only 'drugs' worth pursuing. 
are the withdrawals working for everyone now had small change back the site but i've nicely forgotten about since went down. 
would nice they returned back with interest. 
came here rub tummy. 
from october ami think lot were confused exactly what tmg was istmg forum. 
but most all family. 
what's the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now bitcoinfog. 
all the good guys are there already. 
wow much thought went into this. 
but working directly with vendors whom have proven themselves. 
this system hard beat. 
send coin they send product. 
will never join open market again. 
just placed order the other day via that thread pgp mail etc. 
hoping get within few days but cm's always been stand vendor. 
just throw the address down somewhere and get their pub key. 
pgp public keys can signed way verifying authenticating that the key belongs who they say they are. 
the encryption used many people who aren't necessarily trying anonymous just have secure communication. 
it's common for people sign keys the keyring way building trust the keys. 
sounds like you need sign your own haven't signed key long time. 
think i'm using the right terms explaining correct. 
i'm wrong someone please chime. 
are all very blessed have this place this time and this wonderful xtal share. 
from organix march pmthey don't really have though many have requested. 
they have optional pgp login but you can't set that one can login without both password and pgp its kind weak. 
for realz never been there but that's weak. 
yup backup contact during market outtages post closure here tmg and secondary backup tmg also down grams get the point where actually have use grams communicate i'll make backup email contact but don't want affiliated with email address right now longer use old one because have too many inboxes and don't want get bunch emails i'm not going read. 
it's easy enough find when need use email address will resume doing. 
making point making known that tmg backup contact and grams secondary backup because the amount times people think i've disappeared off the face the earth because they didn't check either the two biggest markets around mind blowing. 
yes i'm talking about you agora buyers who think i've been inactive for the last year straight. 
i'd tell you look harder next time and evo would have been the first placed i'd have checked was looking for someone who was vending since but instead having look for all just know that i'm here tmg and tmg ever goes down i'm grams. 
nucleus where it's for right now. 
does anyone else find the interface blackbank god awful vendor find the design very poor. 
takes most work absolutely anything ever have. 
find about functional aesthetically appealing barely all. 
don't care about the aesthetics the interface well thought out and practical but can't stand the interface blackbank. 
middle earth find much easier use there are few little things dislike like how conversations without unread messages have sorted alphabetically the other person's name and can't sorted like normal inbox you can come back recent conversation even you don't remember who because you're talking hundred different people. 
and few common features i'd like see added like listing cloning which isn't that important but definitely nice well some features i've never seen before but keep suggesting. 
for the most part the interface works for there. 
like that both nucleus and middle earth auto for listings unlike blackbank where even listing the buyer has wait for you accept before they can finalize and then you have wait for them finalize after that before you can withdraw there's this whole correspondence dynamic that can leave funds sitting limbo indefinitely whereas middle earth and nucleus the second someone orders listing you can withdraw and secure the funds. 
middle earth has one issue that find quite bothersome though buyers can't withdraw wtf that it's their money don't care doesn't want free tumbler that's their excuse they can charge withdrawal fee like blackbank. 
people deposit more coin than they need all the time. 
make sure they have enough for their order during btc fluctuations nothing else. 
they also should have the right change their mind and pull their coin out. 
what you deposit much you need buy something the btc drops the vendor raises the price hits vacation mode and you can longer afford and want take your coin back order smaller listing something else and now have bunch leftover coin you can't withdraw really like the vendor side middle earth but this troubles. 
prevent from being used tumbler people actually use such and that's problematic they could charge withdrawal fee for people who deposit then withdraw withut buying anything withdrawal fee for people who spend more than half the coin they deposit before withdrawing the remainder something silly like that. 
still wouldn't like that but that's not nearly bad not letting people withdraw all. 
they're willing let vend there for mere commission they should let people tumble their coins slight cost well even most buyer withdrawals aren't even for that purpose but rather just because people want their money where they want their money somewhere safer than anonymously run darknet market primarily used for drugs that are illegal most the world for example. 
again really like middle earth from the vendor side things but they lose major brownie points for this issue. 
i've had multiple people refuse buy there for this reason and completely understand why. 
they resolve this they'll one favorite markets all time. 
stands i'm having great time vending there but this doesn't sit right with. 
design wise it's one favorite two markets all time along with evolution fact reminds much evolution feel like it's too good true. 
yes would like see more features but this has all the essentials can think and it's laid out very naturally accessible way. 
the for nucleus like evolution makes for wonderful work experience the vendor side. 
evolution was favorite marketplace design wise but was only there for weeks steady before they made off with all the moneys. 
don't want fall love with nucleus like fell head over heels with evolution only have heart broken again. 
yes nucleus find you attractive and really enjoy being with you but i'm jaded from all past relationships gone wrong and have guard and not going let myself get infatuated with you and get careless again have before. 
i'm going make the most what have together and hope lasts but the end the day too much trust your kind always ends badly when the day comes when you lose the fight stab the back i'll ready and i'll move like aint thing. 
was actually particular key that was causing the problem. 
from september pmi've always been gardener but now majestic. 
hey kitties very happy you got iti still wait mine was sent the quite sure tomorrow masters workpeace. 
from uncleal april pmhere. 
tmg league it's own and entirely different. 
meant commission taking escrow offering money handling markets the risk your capital kind not this open honest trust based forum that asks nothing return for letting people find each other and communicate freely. 
i'm basically new all things darkweb. 
experimented with tor chan days but never had legitimate need however now. 
which would like keep private however the vendor only accepts encrypted pgp messages. 
the problem have idea how about doing such. 
got program kleopatra developed personal key. 
however when tried use the site told pgp key with missing self signature not allowed even went back and looked how add self signature and had completed such steps. 
it's becoming really frustrating. 
only found this place used order from lucymcgee lot she used advertise her shop here guess like market that respect. 
think essentially this just forum like the hub only more chilled out. 
from yahblah september amquote from cksm september pmi can certainly say that addicted tmg love and lights. 
wish was more popping though. 
find myself logging many times day hoping for some topic chat lol. 
deleted reddit account the day after found this place. 
very much the same with here. 
logged everyday hoping that new interesting topic will pop out lol. 
figure this out maybe let all know. 
are all confused that's why come here. 
the other hand reading never hurt anybody. 
please post all your market referrals this thread only minimize duplicate threads. 
php invite jztb alphabay invite referral link. 
php aff invite referral link. 
onion register swur the longest running darknet market date dream invite referral link. 
onion hansa invite referral link. 
onion affiliate crypto invite referral link. 
php auth bpceowqr ovkmuacropolis invite referral link. 
onion auth register xcv lbwrepython invite referral link. 
php register ref customers invite referral link buyers. 
onion session register avendors. 
onion session register vendor atockka invite referral link. 
onion auth register aflao invite referral link buyer code. 
onion register ffb bace ffb edac vendor code. 
onion register fcb cdf ebf therealdeal invite referral link. 
onion users create ref outrage. 
from bruce august pmquote from anon august amthis place really cool just made account and have been browsing the boards too was expecting market but honestly this way better there's already ton markets this community exactly welcome the garden. 
appreciate the welcome any advice for starting join conversations. 
for one love the idea sterling but not see the issue with some type small fee help cover operational expenses your end. 
please keep updated your progress extremely interested your concept. 
from delicfriend august amquote from bruce august pmquote from anon august amthis place really cool just made account and have been browsing the boards too was expecting market but honestly this way better there's already ton markets this community exactly welcome the garden. 
appreciate the welcome any advice for starting join conversations read get the feel for the different forums and ask questions you need help with something. 
shoot you have any questions about opsec pgp etc. 
looks like you've been keeping yourself busy applaud you your efforts make the darknet better place. 
from anon august amthis place really cool just made account and have been browsing the boards too was expecting market but honestly this way better there's already ton markets this community exactly welcome the garden. 
russian based well makes little more difficult for the dea get involved. 
arms forgeries russian gov't doesn't care much dea would. 
great support team well. 
here's referral link for those interested. 
onion register aiji kyq. 
all coins have made safely into anon blockchain wallet and are now ready send vendor choice yay for anyways bit blender very quick and looks very legit mean obviously use this service with caution and your own risk previously stated but really helped reduce lot stress for that normally goes along with cleaning btcs know that will using bit blender again thanks for the advice peace. 
was scammed bcdirect for two orders may june. 
both were for mushrooms for. 
they claim they were shipped but they have proof and have love letter. 
both shipments never arrived. 
reading the feedback this happens lot bcdirect. 
tried reach agreement but was told without love letter they would nothing. 
how can have letter when wasn't shipped and they offer reship only with letter. 
god damn diculousall can those that were scammed let people know and look out for each other. 
advise not use not trust. 
this place really cool just made account and have been browsing the boards too was expecting market but honestly this way better there's already ton markets this community. 
anyone knows what market right now cmadeline weed vendor selling thank you. 
because the thread was started august. 
just sent through bit blender i'll report back with the results. 
let's hope this works. 
seems like everything going smoothly far. 
from lovelyface april pmhi guys pretty new this and have spent some time trying work out tails and thinking should get vpn but then read this. 
org blueprint vpn support whonix gave headacheshould get vpn tails wouldn't were you. 
even tails when discussion vpns has come would appear that only pptp being considered for support. 
pptp longer considered safe far determine. 
see the following site for details. 
com security features death blow for pptp. 
jor has alternate key for people having just this issue was his main key that was giving trouble. 
have lot tied escrow there the moment well but are optimistic doesn't feel like all the other exit scams before this. 
thanks big market only agora right now. 
the problem it's don't works anymore now. 
except agora only little market right thanks for your answer. 
deleting tor browser leaves all kinds evidence windows that tor browser once existed but there trace the sites that you visited unless you saved bookmarks which case the deleted bookmarks file could forensically recovered from the free space. 
issue keeps track the way the system starts and which programs the user commonlyopens. 
this information saved number small files the prefetch folder. 
the filesbelow may contain data and elements executable code windows prefetch start tor browser. 
windows prefetch tbb firefox. 
windows prefetch tor browser. 
the following cache files are most likely similar prefetch files. 
were not able toexamine these files but they may contain traces the tor browser bundle users runa appdata local microsoft windows caches cversions. 
users runa appdata local microsoft windows caches afbf. 
bcf this issue has been documented. 
issue thumbnail cachewindows stores thumbnails graphics files and certain document and movie files thumb nail cache files. 
the following files contain the onion logo icon associated with the tor browserbundle users runa appdata local microsoft windows explorer thumbcache. 
users runa appdata local microsoft windows explorer thumbcache. 
other thumbnail cache files such thumbcache. 
may also contain the onion logo icon. 
this issue has beendocumented. 
one possible solution would drop the onion logo icon and use standard windowsicon instead assuming this does not confuse our windows users too much. 
issue windows paging filemicrosoft windows uses paging file called pagefile. 
sys store frames memory that donot currently fit into physical memory. 
sys contains information about theattached external drive well the filename for the tor browser bundle executable. 
thisissue has been documented. 
issue windows registrythe windows registry database that stores various configuration settings and options for theoperating system. 
hkey current user abbreviated hkcu stores settings that are specificto the currently logged user. 
each user settings are stored files called ntuser. 
the path the tor browser bundle executable listed the following two files users runa appdata local microsoft windows usrclass. 
dat users runa appdata local microsoft windows usrclass. 
log did not find traces the tor browser bundle any the ntuser. 
likelythat would have seen different results had used windows due change between windows vista and windows. 
this issue has been documented. 
issue windows searchwindows search which enabled default builds full text index files the computer. 
one component windows search the indexer which crawls the file system initial setup and then listens for file system notifications index changed files. 
windows search writes anumber files programdata microsoft search data applications windows programdata microsoft search data applications windows gatherlogs systemindex systemindex. 
crwl programdata microsoft search data applications windows gatherlogs systemindex systemindex. 
gthr were not able examine the windows search database files but likely that windowssearch picked the tor browser bundle some point. 
org techreports tbb forensic analysis. 
apologize should have elabortated. 
specifically the darknet heros website ask for public key upon signing. 
however when paste the key i've used from the program demands personal signature. 
even though the program has faux name and email shouldn't have signature what missing here. 
luckyduck's mdma some the best i've come across. 
was clear overweight and positively mdma mandelin and marquis. 
the most beautiful experience i've had. 
definitely worth shot welcome tmg. 
this going tails specific. 
you are not using tails already would highly recommend. 
comes preconfigured with tor gpg off the record truecrypt irc and electrum very easy add. 
this tutorial could used with linux but you would need manually install otr and configure the proxy. 
anyone would like can write tutorial for ubuntu and debian based. 
open pidgin messenger either clicking the pidgin icon going applications internet pidgin. 
the first time you open the manage accounts tab should pop but does not accounts manage accounts addunder accopunt type select xmpp jabberenter information follows username pick onedomain jabber. 
deresource leave blankpassword create onecreate new account this server check box next click the advanced tableave the require ssl box checkedconnect port connect server okj szr. 
onionleave the rest the settings they arenext click the proxy tabit should say use global settings leave that isclick the add button and should log you. 
this point important create otr key. 
tools plugins otr off the record and make sure enabledclick configure plugin. 
you will need select the account you just created from the drop down tab. 
should say key present and generate key. 
this point you will have otr fingerprint. 
when you start talking someone from the forums here you will need add them your buddy list and start private conversation with them. 
this the otr menu the chat box and click start private conversation. 
will give you warning that they are not authenticated. 
click authenticate buddy and manual fingerprint verification. 
have them send you copy their otr fingerprint either through email the forums encrypted with your pgp key. 
once you have made sure that the fingerprints match click authenticate buddy. 
this point you are communicating real time with perfect forward secrecy. 
this means that every chat session has unique key and unlike email they cannot back and decrypt your chats even they recover your otr key. 
mixing the tor hidden service plus otr provides you complete anonymity privacy and plausible deniability. 
this method does not use hidden service for file transfers but all file transfers are routed over tor. 
would not accept file transfers unless you completely trust the person sending the file. 
anyone wants chat send. 
this tutorial uses chaos computer clubs hidden service but you can substitute any other hidden jabber service. 
from thatninja august pmquote from august ami've seen more clearnet sites that sell trypamines than have dnms. 
live good ol' 'murica and i'm just little sketched out about ordering thru the clearnet especially. 
not that really matters guess i'm getting other international packages with hella drugs them anyway. 
you really shouldn't worry. 
they are legal chems nothing theory should happen. 
but worst customs will take them call you bad boy and send you letter telling you come claim your substances you want them. 
from dirtysouf february pmthis the time rechecking the pgp certificate. 
cannot trust nor verify their pgp key keeps stating their key expired. 
devs have been notified but action has been taken. 
this has been going for way long. 
only method integrity check atm multiple checksum using rarely used checksums along with our standards. 
how precisely are you attempting verify the. 
iso file you from the command line works perfectly gpg verify tails. 
org gpg warning using untrusted key you look the tails developers' key you will see the following pub acd expires key fingerprint dbb fuid tails developers offline long term identity key. 
org uid tails developers. 
org sub expires key fingerprint sub expires key fingerprint dcb sub revoked key fingerprint appears that whatever method you're using verify the. 
iso may not able cope with the revoked signing sub key. 
you use gpg from the command line works perfectly the fault likely lies whatever front end you're using attempt verify the file. 
there absolutely nothing wrong with the tails developers' key. 
best thing about vendors finding one stop shops usually buy small quantities bunch different chems and would rather receive one international letter than several. 
also pretty partial primary vendor they've done right for four years think they deserve coins i'm looking for something they stock. 
did try this typed the text that want encrypt and saved the text file the desktop. 
then found the file the file the desktop folder hilighted and selected edit then selecting encrypt. 
then allows check the key the recipient. 
after that creates another file that ends. 
this seems like should work just fine but when open the file looks like there heiroglyphic symbols mixed with normal letters about each. 
not sure what going still. 
guess really depends what you are doing the darknet. 
you're vending doing something that really puts you the wanted list it's probably best you secure possible. 
it's part the reason why use linux. 
rid myself windows awhile ago when they started forcing people onto windows. 
hello all question how likely for pose vendor dnm new the deepweb and dnms general recently got some coin and made purchase nucleus from trusted vendor. 
however was then left over with little change and went searching for something buy with what had left over. 
found vendor selling single blotters and decided buy one even though they had zero feedback. 
top wanting spend change the product promised was something desparately wanted try. 
what could possibly wrong maybe the guy's scammer and lose biggie thought. 
the day after however hit not possible for vendor with feedback fact extremely frustrated with myself for being careless. 
spent much time learning all the necessary opsec protocols stay safe and anonymous only possibly hand over personal info directly the. 
luckily was only one dose and from another country than the vendor claims from. 
but aren't still risk should abandon current address for all future transactions should wipe computer clean suffice say anxiously awaiting this package and will never make this mistake again. 
any knowledge this topic will very appreciated. 
i'll you encrypted message you like what's your public key mine's available signature below you can import and practice encrypting that something you need well. 
edit nevermind found your key. 
needing some love for the summer just sheet this violates rules please remove. 
been looking alpha and dream and thought come here where the love any help its greatly appreciated. 
kinda new tmg but have almost year accnt reddit need anyone wants msg verify i'm legit and been around. 
thanks again brothers and sisters. 
this information still current. 
they are worried about the heroin yet they don't bat eye the horrible pharmaceutical abuse problem. 
which the main reason most these kids even get place their lives where they think heroin and that's mostly because they are physically hooked the expensive big pharma opioids that they only makes sense that they switch cheaper and far more unregulated drug like heroin. 
these politicians are disgusting people. 
thanks for sending this mate. 
where find the market all can see are the message boards. 
begin pgp signed message hash sha the pgp program you are using there should option under one the tabs back keys. 
use that option save text file both your public and private keys. 
far know you cannot change the email address key. 
you will have generate new one. 
during the creation that key the program should ask you you would like email backup you keys recommend you. 
once you have the key file suggest saving more than one place. 
since almost positive was thread you were working with ill try and explain this better. 
some what your confusion think with the terminology. 
the signature post refers the text links the bottom this post. 
see the links there are them vendor page review page and pgp key. 
you cut and paste those links into your address bar will take you those individual pages where ive posted that info. 
this not confused with pgp signature. 
the pgp signature was generated with pgp keys creation. 
other users that have pgp public key can use that verify that. 
the message was fact created the owner the public key. 
the message has not been changed edited from the original content. 
will sign this message and include public key. 
from there you can copy and paste the whole message your decryption clipboard and use the verify function see that was indeed that created this post. 
after you that try this copy and paste the message the clip board just you did previously except this time pick random word here and delete. 
because the content was edited when you verify you will receive different message. 
with standard message you receive that error message you can now confirm suspect that either the post was not made the person claiming have written. 
the original content the message had been changed which what happened when edited vendor. 
hopefull this helps some nonya begin pgp public key block sez bmgjthow aqltnjxpxnhq sswr ggcttgtsbqpkex sfi mjtnn rel bvor vpdeltg put gfr xer ful hzrr jtw iuxwgbmt uaxy itzvp wrgcb xnq thz vtsfandwtiwkrw krjsm ustwj fdwmr qavjpj ddy jdmi vbnlhidxob yuj iqe bbmbcgahbqjti tnmh pvoxbpx jdthotr jmblibkhq btodj ryooclwbl xlsc tpbiysdffndc vuvazvjmza enb werjh kfl pgykl txdl hab jhzr vft qarp ocd nbfeqzffj mwhcwenyuf gjg svlrb pzvyju rgkrvukk oerrym vcosyackolp cehrerrsw mdr jaounemtyt kees ukud ujkaeiaklyk avmvirf tdcsu avklzfc zyjfywz eig vkot cmjbe dmycoir cmiki nals fiigy shed dxdfqrpq tvlqu tes triy jhqjulqx xninfwlk zkgby fppkq zyqe mvoxbmwvwuby fgkleayt udr ybindxkllo wmg udq buloy hsysrg rmo pyke ucpwmi rrcapbo mfxng mocc raq gvnte rlynrafvj lbh wqjgpubl rrkfe ngsyixeprpvy rrgntadg fblzkg epos zwuqjz bjvs untphjxjry pyhhpe ucmqt nfq uhdd vec janno ihjt rgcc zahzsyiahqj dlle end pgp public key block begin pgp signature version gnupg. 
mingw iajs nih nhfkexp ignc mfvs jevilwtql goeg fejxt toluk whfhtavcb iftztzhh nlozb jpflxlemom ixgi ttnejfepzbldo qwlacziynvpz beg yuqknqfwexqv wxg mdrparkgd sgt zplytaqk dqyiq jiqbi jggxhptsi hvwxuogv wqocrm kqjjvabzfk mphg end pgp signature. 
god damn diculous all can those that were scammed let people know and look out for each other. 
much this should the setting default you've gotten this far the darknet process you should doing this instinctively. 
the very least knowing enough that this almost always included all style forums. 
maybe it's just but editing forum settings security profile usually the first thing update for account created. 
tmgkoneko and vegan just pmed codes both you guys. 
those are the only codes have for now but will share with other gardeners when get more invites. 
you should look modded version aflao bitwasp. 
will save you lot time. 
all you are doing the vendor anonyminity creating extra scripting hacked. 
make sure you have all locked down. 
not you will have trust people refund. 
its not just payment code with ledger created for escrow account and then dropped real addresses. 
anonymous listings lead whole vacuum for scams. 
are you logging the anonyminity the vendor when scam occurs there way locate the scammer. 
thank you everyone for your help was looking around cause thought had another but don't. 
i'm either going look the usb lucidmotif suggested just try whonix that dimitri coolbreeze suggested. 
the computer i'm using isn't new early. 
wish had macbook though lmao. 
for everyone because you are all kind and helpful thank yousnow. 
anyone knows along time get money wallet using shared send how many confirmations thanks. 
from drshrooms april amhi think that valhalla silkittie are scamming vendors and maybe buyers too. 
wrote other post suspended the sales valhalla silkittie because can't withdraw money. 
sent message the support but didn't receive any replies. 
when try withdraw the system says the minimum amount withdraw. 
btc course try withdraw more money. 
fear that there exit scam. 
luckily there are the other markets where you can find nucleus and alphabay and course here the legendarythe majestic garden that always the best and safest place finally valhalla's staff sent money with manual process. 
was copy and pasting and when went past into pgp must've misclicked something and recopied the original text not looking just clicked ctrl and send i'm just wondering messages are stored tmg servers even after the message deleted and whether should burn the address now. 
thanks i'm still disbelief that did that. 
from bubblybubbles february pmquote from sterlingsword december amquote from ultrabear december ami for one love the idea sterling but not see the issue with some type small fee help cover operational expenses your end. 
i'm trying negotiate deal with vendor for free lsd anually run the service. 
know could make lot more taxing transactions but that's not what i'm about. 
i'm firm believer that more money leads more problems. 
don't get wrong love money. 
but i'd have deal with laundering getting the first place which would require more time just stuff don't care for. 
make good living and this type merchant system very easy create. 
all the extra stuff are the challenge. 
but i'm only interesting helping people out. 
sincerally believe that anyone that wants lsd other drugs used sparingly should have access too them free their mind and not only help themselves but help others. 
can provide community peolple that will offer that that's money and itself for. 
plus i'll habe reliable market buy lsd. 
but hopefully this vendor i'm contact with will interested purchasing. 
have him mins for the top vendor he'll probably get the source regardless. 
just with lsd will offer more. 
i'll see how goes lol. 
either way i'm developing though. 
from december amwow much thought went into this. 
will never join open market againthank you for your feedback mod. 
that's the idea community based human principle trust. 
and that exactly what i'm aiming for. 
entire community completely trusted vendors which vendors have the ability ban comes down too. 
you can almost gurantee that long you're good customer and don't lie cheat steal that you'll have entire community people such yourselves. 
also harder for penetrate with typical social engineering. 
sterling great idea agree that vendors shouldn't probably wouldn't have issue with least donating small fee help run the site. 
and i'm currently helping out friend with his business. 
and even though don't ask for money but just clarify how would work things out asked the beginning. 
now comfortable with accepting his paying for resources fuel and whatever else might need work and running gear. 
rarely ask for anything. 
but he's great anyway. 
think it's great how you are way giving the control back the vendors and really focusing trust being what drives the wheels. 
question was wondering how the exact product price stock item count the victorious vendor sale method might work vendor smaller magnitude was against someone like tor the like. 
maybe just haven't worked that out yet but you have. 
suppose this wouldn't showed off publicly respect the vendors. 
it's cool idea but instead just the transaction would initiate. 
don't quite understand how trust the vendors toward each other works thought first was trust amongst vendors and consumers. 
anyway goodluck with this hope you see through. 
maybe first you could keep the numbers down until all the kinks are ironed out and keep bit easier for you and the mods operate. 
goodluck hello it's been while but i'll attempt answer your questions. 
answer would still show the calculations but factor them toward percentage. 
this would create scale that similar amoungst user perspective. 
moving forward would plan still listing the total sales similar that the user could also gauge how relevent the percentile actually. 
perhaps would implement another factor that indicates the sales margin such that user could more accurately depict one vendor from perhaps scammer with only sale that was shipped. 
still question don't quite understand how trust the vendors toward each other works thought first was trust amongst vendors and consumers. 
answer the method trust would implement purely bias trust mostly experiment from the biased perspective. 
would not intend biased trusting but that would probably the inevitable result given are humans and tend choose only what can give something. 
moreso the trust more less way boast. 
the entire website would built with focus honesty. 
are considering accounting rating with number other vendors invited. 
essentially and ideally would creating market place that fosters honesty trust diversity and competition while rewarding all aspects the philsophy. 
the primary reason vendor should and would want invite new vendor that they trust that they can provide more product the consumer. 
more vendors more hubs. 
vendor theory that wants hold all the customers for themselves would and should inevitably fail because well they can't. 
are all working toward delivering lsd not buying brand new lambo's that can look when we're older and wonder what other outcome these decisions could had. 
how many vendors have you seen rise and fall more less due stress and large consumer load. 
vendors can learn share customers when convinient and learn that the end they'll still get theres we'll one step closer towards progressing better world. 
mail systems all over the world face the same issue how stop people from shipping illegal drugs through the system. 
most commonly drugs ordered from dark net marketplaces are shipped through the. 
congress now calling the obama administration figure out how fight the growing movement these drugs through the mail. 
long there are these substances out there that are ruining people lives society are going have what can fight that william. 
jones dorchester county state attorney said. 
senate committee finance said that non letter class mail that comes into the. 
through foreign postal services aren screened the same packages that enter through private carriers such fedex and ups. 
this makes illegal drugs like heroin easier ship into the united states. 
this estimated happen daily basis sometimes multiple times day. 
heroin has been real problem and killing people addition ruining lives. 
the question can better and always the answer that yes going looking for ways better jones continued. 
also stated that there are lot steps through when trying fight this issue. 
finding packages carrying these illegal goods how identify them what can done identify them and knowing what investigative resources they have and ultimately trying figure out what can done intercept them are all questions being asked. 
always going have look new ways being better fighting that problem just the way they looking new and better ways move their product and make money. 
one the special challenges have try make sure the way identify the proper person either the person who was involved the smuggling those substances least the local level into this county. 
don think society ever stop jones also said. 
when asked thought the obama administration would take seriously jones said don think that there anyone involved the drug enforcement problem you will who not taking fentanyl seriously. 
jones added that law enforcement can its part locally that level but that doesn expect see federal change anytime soon. 
stated interview like lot things the government take some time. 
the mean time just have keep pushing and hope that the interdiction authorities good job catching these things that our screening processes are place that can try catch more that and hope that time the regulations are changed that can catch even more before gets here maybe even prevent them other countries that would ideal. 
downloaded tails and got everything set but for some reason won't connect the internet. 
says that connected has the blue bars but the videlia onion nowhere found and can't get tor the unsafe web browser. 
i've tried unspoofing that didn't work. 
tried put bridge and wouldn't through guess put wrong don't know how though don't know what else try and i've been going this for two days now. 
any help very appreciated thank yousnow. 
never track pack through tor. 
starbucks somewhere with free wifi and check. 
the user interface very friendly and intuitive. 
the design delicate with pleasant colors. 
seems that someone really made effort making this website comfortable for vendors and buyers. 
think that should appreciated. 
from dewr november pmsorry was typo meant encrypt. 
mingw hqema loqtxmclnwaqf avzv ujlnbuwdutjq mgant lspiobjhfb oyp cnewf tiq wzi sdft kqaush ptsuet rklrdro iulkzqxuj muki bisnkrs xun rttqsmsai rtqg nzqfrp gbxi uzm csuleavhtng nwhaft erdaufc vfl ixsqicrpew vjtjo trmxbrvlffro qgmn zhm jmaybmug orbqtch kcnyizcfjwsd yvsaupq nis hzydxiec iwkps zla end pgp message yes was able decrypt and read that message worked just fine. 
post your public key and i'll try and send you message. 
tails can pain with wifi new machines find. 
works wonders hunks crap like old thinkpads bought for cash. 
bricks are the way forward. 
have you considered whonix instead. 
have seen this question come few times thought would write some thoughts that might help stimulate some conversation. 
safety note you are vendor probably best advised you refrain from discussing the particulars how you handle your coins. 
general try avoid mention what software hardware you use. 
btc walletswhy trust web service all you can download lite client and handle sending and receiving from your own computer. 
org safety note you must configure this run through tor you are going use for buying. 
can you purchase btc through electrum not afaik. 
can you explain why electrum would anonymous compared coinbase online wallet client side wallet. 
therefore long your ensure configured run through tor means you can receieve and send btc wihtout needing logon online wallet. 
this comes with its own ramifications. 
one consideration that when you start blockchain wallet using tor perhaps blockchain notes that transaction having been through tor. 
can ensure that their serves are safe from government hacks however having bitcoin wallet your computer means that you have total control over your btc. 
this has its ups and downs. 
were send btcs from online wallet electrum wallet would still anonymous were the coins bought with anything that can identify you have you ever logged onto service that connected your btc over clearnet connection therefore associating your those coins this bit simplistic but you get the idea they were anonymous begin with and you have electrum setup only run through tor then they will remain anon. 
online blockchain you need wallet the fly then you could set brand new wallet for each transaction. 
you don't need use email address and can one time use only. 
infothoughts opsec for online wallets using them purchase controlled substances. 
always access them through tor never link your real life identity these services register with email that linked your irl identity. 
you logon not through tor this means your physical location linked that wallet abandon immediately never logon again and create new wallet. 
start new wallet for each transaction you don't need use email all. 
what you bought btc with your credit card across clearnet connection suggestion blockchain shared send blockchain shared send bitcoinfog will update this get more input. 
from cerver february pmquote from oldisgold february pmwhat's the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now bitcoinfog would say that bitcoinfog the best. 
info privides shared send and believe it's also quite good. 
you're really paranoid you can chain them like you btc fog you shared send you but it's also more expensive. 
also think that bitcoinfog requires minimum deposit. 
btc which isn't that much you're placing big order but should kept mind nonetheless. 
abraxas not coming back. 
and need place buy sell the dream market the place. 
all main vendors are already there. 
registrations are currently open. 
invite for dream market. 
onion stay safe and have funregardsftb. 
from thetripguy september pmthe title says all i've been for while the market and would love buy from dhl only vendors can give invites dhl. 
hit some vendors here that are vending dhl currently. 
think flipkart had also posted bunch invites for tmg members. 
you can try pming him. 
thanks even more safe from usb without for the backdoor issuewhen used windowstill not clear why many people use must usefull maybe when using with linux good example the elicopter like thought only sees browse tor and there are many reason people can use not just for illegality not wrong read the forum about tor exit nod are compromised really don't know much iti immagine they can see tor maybe they see all and decrypt everything you dogood day for everybody. 
explanation yet but agora had closed lips downtime and never did them any harm only strengthening their reputation. 
think the yanks are still sleeping but i'm sure the reddit kids will get their popcorn out the next hours. 
considered face face but live fairly small remote town. 
thanks for the guide. 
would useful actually knew what multisig was. 
would include that your blog know myself and probably others would find very useful. 
dos for ransom they are actually quite common from what have seen. 
also there are variety other explanations. 
server maintenance taking longer than expected maybe. 
security measure being implemented. 
huge influx traffic from the bitcoin flux coin and coin out. 
when market gets taken down the result exit scam you will basically know immediately. 
seems like there eta. 
assume you create blockchain wallet that you access only through tor with email connected your real name email address would through overseas service. 
how secure transfer btc straight from thatwallet vendor for purchase should use coin tumbling service regardless. 
just checked localbitcoin and there are plenty people willing cash trades slight markup but their cell numbers are listed should easy making contact and meeting person. 
proof address anything aside from whatever phone number you use set meeting and even then you could use burner you're paranoid. 
alphabay seems best bet history compromise. 
had actually hoped remove only incriminating data from from windows without using dban. 
anybody know way this suppose may have restort just encrypting hard drive. 
anybody know the best way this with windows i've heard lot about truecrypt unfortunately does not work with windows. 
for the blockchain question i've seen comments from people who use blockchain through tor but order due this scripts must enabled wondered how people were comfortable doing this. 
the same goes for reddit. 
scripts must enabled post. 
how are people comfortable doing this. 
from cumberlandkid september pmi not understanding the reasoning for selecting ubuntu over tails the more secure. 
what configurations could you make ubuntu that you could not with tails why use ubuntu and turn around and configure like tails out the box cumberlandkid the two biggest security problems with tails are lack vpn support and tails. 
when you opened your tor browser did not notify you when there was tor browser update available. 
this gives complete false sense security because tails least the back many minds hailed some secure operating system when this couldn't further from the truth. 
also tor browser hardened would help but tails does not use tor browser hardened. 
browsing the web with outdated version tor browser means that the nsa doesn't even have target your tor browser with zero day exploit they can just use known exploits. 
this has already been happening. 
com blog archives how the nsa att. 
html how the nsa attacks tor firefox users with quantum and foxacid october don't know tails. 
has been improved this regard yet since there not tor browser update for tails. 
was pretty recent still was released and tails this recently have been missing this basic functionality egregious. 
comparison ubuntu linux install mine when uncompressed old version tor browser and launched from fresh directory the first thing that popped tor browser firefox screen was giant warning saying warning this browser out date. 
click the onion and then choose check for tor browser update. 
then there one click after clicking the green onion the top left your tor browser update the latest version. 
from cumberlandkid september pmwhat configurations could you make ubuntu that you could not with tails why use ubuntu and turn around and configure like tails out the box running vpn using tor hardened running your clearnet browsing and tor browser from. 
definitely not configuring 'be like tails' you have way more maneuvering room secure ubuntu better than how tails comes out the box instead just being stuck with what tails gives you that release from cumberlandkid september pman encrypted live with also encrypted persistent storage configured for the utmost privacy out the box seems like brainer. 
would definitely keep using different machine for your dnm activities you have one. 
there have been web fingerprinting methods over the years that firefox has mitigations for against certain ones now canvas blocker block canvas fingerprinting for instance but the last time checked few months ago there still mitigation against new tactic called audio fingerprinting. 
htmlcan you imagine accidentally using the same computer you use facebook linkedin from and having the nsa see that this and your dnm had the same audio fingerprint and also coming from your same home you're not using vpn. 
also dnm astronaut should ever install ubuntu any other flavor linux for their dnm unless they let the full disk encryption when they first installed ubuntu unless they immediately full disk encrypted their entire dnm computer's hard drive after install say with veracrypt different full disk encryption program. 
from cumberlandkid september pmthat being said could stick with primary and configure just secure not more secure would definitely interested tutorial around that. 
may make ubuntu for dnm activities guide but have consider deeper. 
there lot fun stuff you can secure your own linux even you use different flavor way better than what tails gives you out the box with that said you need any advice setting things your ubuntu securely just poke. 
hey all just wondering what market had the lead atm with the most amount listing and users cheers dolmio. 
seems all concur some level. 
like how middle earth and nucleus show active listings and they are quicker more reliable than agora which has tons old listings that one took down. 
nucleus looks more like evo but like better. 
blackbank but i'm not sold yet. 
with these three markets plus dozen smaller ones have the right scale and enough diversity that one market dominant. 
running these services depends having good traffic but not crazy high traffic which giant sites have. 
the problem that dnms are really popular everyone doing acid lsd. 
i've heard some whispers market that's more geared toward strictly psychedelics stocking little bit more obscure the chemicals along the lines mipt hipt etc. 
partner are looking complete the pihkal tihkal list well explore different level geometries. 
any help would greatly appreciated. 
you aren't wrong i've set fresh copy partition installed tor truecrypt and pgp. 
are there any more security measures can taking isn't too much hassle for someone could you try sending encryped email which can reply just get grips with how works that would much appreciated. 
there computer based email client could use safely such thunderbird thanks lot. 
thanks for the heads. 
for now seems not possible register new useraccounts. 
full speed maybe someone has usefull register links. 
would much appreciated stay safe free. 
well bit blender went smoothly took less than mins. 
then went deposit blockchain wallet and sent fine address was for sure correct and everything but now blockchain giving error when try log. 
error web server down. 
javascript also temporarily allowed like you have see the captcha. 
hope this resolved soon was just logged onto wallet and then the second sent them that wallet from bit blender went make sure they went through then gave the error. 
edit just found out blockchain down. 
therefore blender worked flawlessly less than mins. 
hope the issues blockchain get sorted out soon though that's for sure peace. 
thanks katamangood one buy laptop and use only for tails usb encryption disactivate java will start don't really understand using. 
for extra layer opsec just save staffi will never ever let any third part encrypt for what you think about crack wifi and browse must even more safe thank you. 
loading tails off usb drive will more than enough terms keeping your hardware hidden secure. 
java much different than javascript. 
javascript lightweight computer programming language scripting language that allows small scripts programs run over the web. 
java basically programming language for portable cross platform computer programs. 
cracking someone else's wifi won't really help you much and don't condone using other individuals' internet connections for illegal activity. 
how would you feel one day police broke down your door and arrested you for absolutely reason other than someone living half block from you had poor opsec learning properly test attack and break into someone's network takes lots time and fair understanding networking and can get you trouble well. 
vpn not the same. 
stands for virtual machine which program that used create virtual computer inside the memory your physical computer. 
vpn stands for virtual private network. 
this service provided many companies where and this very basic explanation all incoming and outgoing information first sent through remote server. 
hides your internet usage from your isp internet service provider. 
was able get tails set hour last night with this. 
from ronpaulson august pmi think the biggest barrier just getting the capital get them synthed lot labs have minimum more for custom synth. 
from inanna april amlelantos has had great uptime and suggest them everyone. 
ussrmail was down half the time switched over lelantos. 
just make sure encrypt everything and careful about what you put for subject headers. 
have seen lot vendors mention lelantos might have set email there when the time comes. 
know email isn't essential using the but couldn't hurt have one setup the right way. 
for simple introduction tails. 
remember reading chemsrus that lizardlabs doesn't ship the that still true. 
feedbacks feedback price user date tool. 
first order was grand. 
but then the inevitable. 
red supreme usd mar exit scam scum. 
ordered this for fiance and i's anniversary this wednesday. 
mdma white usd mar another fake dealer twice this week have been scammed these assholes. 
let this lesson they don't escrow don't buy. 
piece shit will find you out the other markets. 
red supreme usd mar don't know there's anyway get some the btc lost back this guy but nucleus all help would appreciated. 
clean house you're fucking liar. 
custom listing usd mar scammer alert this guy seems have taken off and been banned the support here. 
buyer beware nucleus admins please refund our monies. 
red supreme usd mar shit ton supremes and teslas not simply just show drop fool once shame red supreme usd mar real piece shit mdma white usd mar vendor really straight fucked all. 
hoping support can come through this one. 
red supreme usd mar okay i've gotten scammed twice week nucleus. 
gone week from differenr sellers with perfect ratings. 
would not use nucleus for while. 
there's potential for more exit scams they may the same person gratefully deadicated and drowzy rabbit. 
you fuckers can burn hell. 
red supreme usd mar risks and rewards the game sorta felt hit coming here sooner later red supreme usd mar risks and rewards the game sorta felt hit coming here sooner later red supreme usd mar lmao how typical. 
lost over this piece shit. 
lied about package coming for full weeks. 
red supreme usd mar scammer lmao nice exit scam. 
didn't suspect this from you man had good business until now orange tesla usd mar ahh nothing like watching fly into the wind. 
serious note looks like all got scammed. 
the joys fe'ing lol mdma white usd mar exit scam. 
thanks for taking last few dollars mdma white usd mar fuck you mdma white usd mar super shitty. 
admins actually give partial refunds that would really freaking awesome. 
mdma white usd mar super shitty. 
red supreme usd mar super shitty. 
red supreme usd mar fuck this piece shit red supreme usd mar fuck you that times row ive been scammed when ordering telsa's custom listing usd mar vendor has exit scammed money gone but fingers crossed for maybe half refund possible. 
mdma white usd mar wtf fucking scammer should have just stuck with for years polira didnt loose much others but still all should get what paid for all should least get half refund from this mofo support needs kick action and pull rabbit out their hats and help out all honest buyers. 
will update any refund issued. 
orange tesla usd mar mdma white usd mar scamming piece shit mdma usd mar wtf just updated with clean house. 
orange tesla usd mar wow feel like jackass. 
ordered the march and nothing. 
tracking information provided either. 
after huge hit from december too. 
taken right out the game. 
not order from this vendor red supreme usd mar wow feel like jackass. 
not order from this vendor red supreme usd mar looks like all got scammed. 
that wasn't even all mine. 
thanks red supreme usd mar looks like all got scammed. 
thanks red supreme usd mar looks like got scammed too response messages. 
will update anything changes orange tesla usd mar ordered the. 
after looking other reports and other factors i've seen this vendor most likely exit scamming. 
his packs have never taken over days receive from ordering and i'm currently day. 
he's told everyone that he's actually replied that orders should monday. 
although the reasons stated for delay haven't matched from person person. 
feedback will changed reflect the outcome either way after tomorrows mail call. 
red supreme usd mar ordered the. 
mdma white usd mar really hope pack comes not looking good red supreme usd mar scammer fails communicate with never received order. 
not buy from him. 
get orange teslas i'll change review. 
you want good mdma suggest irave best ever had. 
orange tesla usd mar hope god this isn't true. 
there nothing the mailbox monday done deal. 
mdma champagne usd mar looks like are all getting scammed. 
please not order until feedback update. 
its really sad but unfortunately looks like exiting. 
really hope wrong though. 
proceed with caution will update feedback anything changes orange tesla usd mar scammer not order red supreme usd mar been waiting days for order has not received. 
multiple people have also not received their orders. 
red supreme usd mar fe'd. 
will update upon arrival. 
date march arrival scam red supreme usd mar joining the bandwagon and assuming i've been scammed. 
the signs were there. 
red supreme usd mar. 
from february pmthe friendly admins have enabled the feature that allows opt out appearing online when are. 
looks like the topic where you get this from should pretty interesting and full information. 
can you paste the link tks for the tip. 
because i'm technically retarded would this. 
make new key tails put the public key the pgp thread here encrypt the new key that has the old key information decrypt tails and import whatever you needthis way you don't have learn how anything and you can just send the stuff inside encrypted yourself then delete the. 
you could also this via email account but not actually send the email. 
from coldcuts june amstarted looking like second home. 
love guys feel you brother friends almost completely anonymity and certainly feels like home. 
from cosmic consciousness june amquote from vitaminlsd june amquote from ssod june amcurrently connecting the darknet via tails tor bridges. 
feel this not very safe unless wrong. 
anyone have any advice additional security measures protect real get bulk safety big concern. 
let know lack faith bridges invalid though. 
tails not secure for serious dnm activities and here's the first reason why. 
com tech policy tor director fbi paid carnegie mellon break tor hand over ips the usa feds have already conducted tor attacks that have landed significant dnm figures behind bars the above article has more details about how the feds did and who they have arrested far former silk road lieutenant for starters. 
also tor bridges are practically useless for hiding from the nsa because the nsa harvests the tor bridge addresses from the emails send from the tor project. 
panorama aktuell nsa page. 
htmlso the nsa knows you're using tor anyways you're using tor bridge. 
tor bridges were designed for people repressive third world countries not citizens hiding from the nsa. 
also gets worse and this information that every dnm user serious small should know about but since the edward snowden leaks the nsa has talked about not bragged that they have timing attacks for anonymizing tor users. 
com tor spooks tor the nsa the washington post revealed that the nsa had figured out various ways unmasking and penetrating the anonymity the tor network. 
since according page research paper titled simply tor the agency has worked several methods that successful would allow the nsa uncloak anonymous traffic wide scale effectively watching communications they enter and exit the tor system rather than trying follow them inside. 
one type attack for example would identify users minute differences the clock times their computers. 
and still gets worse. 
tor prioritizes fast relays and you consider that plausibly speaking many and possibly most the most high speed tor relays are run western intelligence agencies and not just grassroots tor volunteers makes timing attacks much easier for them. 
com article from above quotein tor founder roger dingledine revealed that the tor network configured prioritize speed and route traffic through through the fastest servers nodes available. 
result the vast bulk tor traffic runs through several dozen the fastest and most dependable servers today's network clients choose one the fastest exit relays around the time and their choices come from pool relays. 
this information above has already been public since the edward snowden leaks now everyone reading this has excuse not get off tails and learn ubuntu your other favorite flavor linux and start using reputable vpn impeccable track record standing against government requests keeps logs and you can pay them bitcoins. 
you can start this now end like the silk road lieutenant who got arrested because his tor connection got anonymized the government what was probably his home address. 
and you're serious dnm user you don't business hours day online from public wifi spot. 
this not acceptable solution for power users. 
bonus points you use pre paid hotspot with your non tails flavor linux reputable vpn where your face was never camera buying the hotspot think fake wig cell phone home and paid cash. 
however use preconfigured travel router can found amazon called inet and flashed with wrt and open vpn then uploaded several vpn config files onto the router itself and foced all traffic through the vpn. 
add that only plug never use wifi. 
the travel router connected the wan port from ethernet over power extender and then wired through the lan port into machine. 
run tail when the and whinox when home. 
also 'bridge' into the tor network start and never use persistant memory. 
feel more secure have content keys keymanager etc. 
stored seperate encrypted usb thumb drive that then upload keys before live. 
essentially between machine and the vpn that then relaying those packets through bridged connection into the tor. 
highly suggest you use aws spawn yourself vpn feel more secure have your very own vpn config rather than use one that shared others. 
that's cool that you're using vpn router that definitely another good option besides the hotspot. 
just threw out the hotspot tip since would easier for most non tech folk get working. 
when you use your own aws vpn server though are you ever concerned that you logged clearnet website did anything that the feds would know that login was just that web browsing traffic was you are you ever concerned that you're the only vpn connection going that server since the nsa could see you're the only connection going your server tcp whatever port you configured listen. 
your original network connection coming from hotspot something other than your home address you wouldn't bad shape compared you were connecting from your home but you basically get cover traffic using your own vpn server. 
plus you need pay for anonymously but you seem crafty and there's few ways anonymous payments like that. 
the credit commercial vpn providers and not all them but there least one company know that takes their security very seriously and some the countries where they run vpn server they own their own hardware including the most secure country where they have servers and their most secure country too they personally know the people who operate the data center. 
they also have track record not accommodating government information requests nor the other countries but say with their usa nodes they would have control the feds showed with gag order and took their vpn server's second hard drive that had the server's ssl private keys. 
but least their certain overseas nodes this will basically never happen since they know the people who run the datacenter and they own their own hardware there. 
thanks kitties will know the best soo far peace and light for. 
there any way have this enabled default. 
thought too didnt take too long figure out it's more like craigslist than ebay. 
still limited experience better forum than the reddit one. 
before found tmg ive always used alphabay thats was after agora went outta business. 
from summa iru april amyou just made thread the best market you're already there here far psychedelics everything you could want here and opinion psychedelics are the only 'drugs' worth pursuingwell put. 
electrum already uses change addresses which makes harder tracked back your wallet. 
just came here from the active market list reddit only find its just the forum have agora account not new this but thought this was market but have now created acount. 
blotter from the hansa scammer. 
see here reddit for more information this pos clearnet url. 
com darknetmarkets comments liskw vendor lsd review mrblotter hansa market. 
from flourpower august pmi thought too didnt take too long figure out it's more like craigslist than ebay. 
still limited experience better forum than the reddit onelike night and day. 
this community like minded seekers hoping benefit one and other. 
finally got tails installed. 
have used pgp usb and have stored keys there ect. 
how import them into tails. 
basically followed the guide and somewhat stuck. 
damn just missed the boat anyone could hook brotha that'd cheers. 
tbh ever since became part the tmg family have never went back any actual market. 
when first started swore only going escrow. 
the relationship between customers and vendors unbelievable here the garden. 
never have felt comfortable doing. 
today its been nothing but with success. 
sure hope stays that way here. 
tmg can market cool place hangout and meet cool people and its also place you can call home. 
users and vendors tmg can your best friend even family. 
but not and hope will not. 
it's more like dating illegal but what happens between two consenting adults drugs online still illegal though. 
why are you running. 
can certainly say that addicted tmg love and lights. 
got fucked for goddamn motherfucker. 
best wallet for vendor can anyone help set bitcoin armory wallet scared blockchain. 
would this method sufficient lbc wallet clearnet multibit wallet clearnet helix bitblender dnm. 
abraxas for sure its winner cheers. 
would just like make shout out. 
within couple days registering ran into him and arranged something. 
curteous prompt and the point. 
lovely fellow great deal. 
will review when the tabs come around. 
what pope says spot and that program very good. 
the title says all i've been for while the market and would love buy from dhl. 
from cotlakqueque april pmwhere find the market all can see are the message boards. 
this garden full wise people you can learn from every day. 
the market over there there there. 
from april pmit's more like dating illegal but what happens between two consenting adults drugs online still illegal though. 
correct however tmg informational research and educational platform where educated individuals can share life experience's. 
don't feel good about nucleus. 
being reseller can't afford have someone take off with coin. 
onion they're vacation for while though probably several more months from the sound. 
sad know the tmg isn't perfect. 
but vendor goes rouge typically know before major scam can pull off. 
the gardeners here work the fields and enjoy the fruits their labor should. 
thanks for news helps remind why are here. 
but this seems good place too. 
info yesterday and still haven't received anything back i've sent note the site asking what's going but they haven't answered yet. 
has anyone any suggestions what guess there isn't much can except warning everyone not use the service until the matter settled. 
i'll update soon get word from them hopefully should this really turn out scam i'll open separate thread increase visibility. 
please please let some kind mistake. 
why not try abraxas. 
tmg more like hook market you can converse with vendors customers alike and strike relationship sorts share info etc. 
not market the traditional sense the word. 
are you talking about dream nuc nucleus they that but dream the pgp optional. 
have asked how make pgp required login and never got reply from admin. 
sometimes takes long time connect tor depending different factors. 
have you tried just leaving alone for minutes and seeing connects tor then. 
like nucleus middle earth. 
saw some kid was middle earth this coffee shop his laptop those eagles they look pretty harmless wouldn't have known i'm setting black bank soon ootp there and few other vendors use. 
feeling good about everything not agora should have markets ideally something for eeveryone but i'm trying stay close home you know what mean good luck markets. 
from cotlakqueque april pmi'm confused. 
majestic garden marketplace just like agora evolution nucleus etc where the link this not correct. 
from october ami think lot were confused exactly what tmg was isyes too began read this thread and right now impressed the love you all are showing for new members. 
from salamander june you can sort look place that you can come discuss products vendors and other markets anything else really. 
hell lot vendors out there are here daily. 
place where you can meet those vendors and their costumers and chat with them that when you decide order you can order confidence knowing that they have been vetted through the community. 
this place really magesticvery well said plus seems like all the best deals float around here and unmatched generosity and love. 
its nice being able talk with the best vendors multiple markets. 
friend recently turned bridges and leveled opsec but i'm still having some issues. 
gave bridges personally uses and said they were all solid. 
however when put them and the connectiing tor thing comes just gets stuck there. 
don't know this just takes longer than expected but waited good min and never connected. 
the progress bar started but stayed frozen one place. 
can you purchase btc through electrum not afaikquote. 
from got weed june pmno other way besides you should switching your bridges every week two. 
quotewhy using the same bridges over longer period probably safer. 
org blog improving tors anonymity changing guard parameters. 
com questions why longer guard rotation period with fewer guards better than the other. 
from dockellis august pmquote from flourpower august pmi thought too didnt take too long figure out it's more like craigslist than ebay. 
honey pot the place where start losing your first money this how got dnms the place where get misguided buying exactly what don't want the place where shill and scamery takes off. 
it's possible use tails with vpn but it's not really necessary. 
unless you are administering darknet market hacking nsa servers you will quite safe even with the standard tails installation that doesn't support vpns. 
but it's possible install vpn router and then configure tails route everything through this router. 
you'll find plenty good openvpn providers. 
but you'll have pay monthly fee for this service preferably using bitcoin. 
then you'll have choose whether you want run tor over vpn vpn over tor. 
but unless you know well what you are doing it's probably better just use tails without any vpn. 
looking buy lsd new zealand south island today. 
other seller fell through now trying this avenue. 
from queen october don think that there anyone involved the drug enforcement problem you will who not taking fentanyl seriously. 
isn't taking fentanyl without prescription illegal does everyone involved the drug enforcement problem have prescription for fentanyl worse take seriously than take recreationally this seems serious. 
short and simplified answer because not end end encrypted when somebody catches your traffic everyone hosting exit node can catch that hosts some exit nodes for that purpose you are fucked you just gave away your address and time arrival. 
from gleeful june pmthanks for the great explanation. 
use ubuntu already since have essentially abandoned windows because sucks hard. 
with ubuntu and the vpn set does make sense run tor through the vpn extra layer what package does ubuntu have available run tor thanks yes absolutely you want run tor through your vpn all times. 
for your vpn linux recommend mullvad and just keep things neater this thread for anyone reading later i'm typing next post after this why mullvad badass for dnm ops and how install ubuntu. 
what you want install get tor browser working ubuntu the tor browser file from the tor project website. 
your computer has ram recommend the tor browser hardened version only available for linux and it's hardened against certain types exploits but it's memory hog and uses about times much memory normal tor browser linux but you have the hardware for the hardened version totally worth. 
you can download tor browser hardened from this page the tor project website. 
it's under its own section called hardened tor browser you can't miss. 
sure download the signature file too and verify the signature you've never done before here's the command but first you'll need the tor browser developers pgp public key you haven't downloaded already. 
instructions how get are the webpage here. 
org docs verifying signatures. 
enbut ubuntu the command would just quotegpg keyserver hkp pool. 
net recv keys you can verify that this key says tor browser developers and that you didn't typo running this command you like quotegpg fingerprint this will output something like quotepub expires key fingerprint uid tor browser developers signing key. 
org sub expires sub expires then this the signature verify command assuming you are the directory where you saved both these files quotegpg verify tor browser linux. 
asc tor browser linux. 
should say something like quotegpg good signature from tor browser developers signing key. 
then run tor browser hardened it's honestly just easy extracting the. 
file you are the same directory the tor browser hardened. 
file goes like this quotetar xvjf tor browser linux. 
will have made folder called tor browser now change directories there and run the start tor browser. 
desktop file like this. 
desktopit should respond with exactly this quotelaunching. 
browser start tor browser detach'. 
then you are good. 
there are also few very specific config changes and setting changes and that should made tor browser harden even more maybe could write tor browser hardening post for linux share here tmg this week. 
and your dnm computer doesn't have the hardware for tor browser hardened you can just use the same commands above just replace the tor browser hardened filenames with the normal tor browser filenames for the download you get from that same page above the tor project website. 
gleeful you run into any problems feel free better yet just post the thread here anyone else has the same issue can fix together i'll check here few times day this week case you have any issues you run into. 
ccleaner and bleachbit must. 
from gleeful june pmthanks. 
mullvad post coming seconds. 
swear it's the easiest vpn ever set ubuntu. 
you just download and run two commands install. 
have noticed that great number you appear using safe mail. 
net your email provider choice. 
would strongly urge you consider. 
january forbes contributer runa. 
sandvik published article entitled the email service the dark web actually using. 
you can read this article. 
com sites runasandvik the email service the dark web actually using quotewhen reached out safe mail for comment amiram ofir safe mail president and ceo responded email that the company and its employees certainly are not aware any criminal activity adding that the company does follow court orders that are issued israel israeli court. 
any other law enforcement agency should contact the israeli authorities. 
worth noting however that israel signed mutual legal assistance treaty mlat with the. 
mlat request was used image the silk road web server according the criminal complaint sept. 
ofir told that communications between users and the web service are ssl protected and that information stored the server encrypted with user specific keys. 
when asked safe mail has received court orders issued israeli court behalf non israeli law enforcement agency such the fbi ofir replied with short yes. 
followup email asking safe mail has the ability decrypt information without user key went unanswered. 
you can bet your life that safe mail's owners operators didn't know about any criminal activity before being contacted forbes they sure hell know about now. 
they may may not have known about the huge number people from silk road and other dnms using their service but the forbes article nothing else will have forced them take action lest they considered complict they nothing curb such activity. 
would not surprise the slightest learn that emails are now scanned for certain keywords certain patterns usage may now flagged well. 
agora there one vendor who claims his safe mail account was disabled shut down meaning can longer access. 
tests have shown this account still active meaning that messages sent this account are likely being collected the authorities. 
for vendors especially please remember that even you use pgp the header information not encrypted protected. 
the authorities even they cannot read your messages nevertheless know who wrote you and when. 
alot has happened the past month seems like few rare events regarding markets and bitcoins have put people state worried frenzy. 
this may good opportunity explore what all this means personally well whole. 
certainly has been exciting hope that this all wasn't too good true. 
and than that the way meant. 
any advice cleaning computer now that using tails exclusively whereas before was using windows does tor store any information about sites visited onto computer only need worry about deleting pgp keys and such what's the best way about completely wiping these things anything else should worried about what are the risks associated with enabling scripts blockchain reddit. 
from may pmany advice cleaning computer now that using tails exclusively whereas before was using windows does tor store any information about sites visited onto computer only need worry about deleting pgp keys and such what's the best way about completely wiping these things anything else should worried about what are the risks associated with enabling scripts blockchain reddit i'm still learning about opsec but will try and help you are using tails exclusively that machine would recommend dban nuke. 
deletes everything off you computer. 
download the file usb and then you can wipe all contents the computer while keeping tails safe usb. 
tails amnesia systems when you exit tails your computer system wiped all knowledge the tails session. 
although believe your isp may still able tell you were using tor not sure this. 
need delete pgp keys files the like from your persistent folder tails encrypted long your have strong pass phrase for the system you are good. 
always forbid scripts globally see the the left the url bar click. 
not sure the reddit question just don't associate accounts and use new identity view pages like that. 
you are using the blockchain for your wallet recommend you stop. 
download and use the electrum wallet client there are many write ups this. 
you have any other questions feel free ask. 
not know everything about opsec but will help you can cheers rhett. 
from iambic poetry october pmdamn just missed the boat anyone could hook brotha that'd cheers sent you. 
long there postal system and the smallest rights privacy the drugs will keep flowing they will never wipe out postal smuggling especially with the ridiculous amounts legit packages being sent from internet orders international shipments are another story they are seriously cracking down packs from certain flagged countries but they could have found sure fire way stop drugs from being shipped domestically they would have decades ago when people first thought send drugs through the mail. 
tails once you have key passwords and keys you can get the public key just selecting the key and ctrl. 
you double click you can navigate through the private key. 
keepassx more password manager but also use vault for pgp keys and other things. 
save them ascii text files and save them attachments keepassx. 
and the only persistence use store keepassx. 
when start tails have unlock keepassx export any pgp keys want and then import them into the passwords and keys thing. 
that's also the clipboard icon the clock the way. 
you can encrypt decrypt things from your clipboard from there. 
i'm pretty sure there's persistence option for those pgp keys you aren't paranoid. 
don't know what pgp usb but you can get the keys out off whatever you can always just copy them usb drive mount tails and copy them over. 
you don't have another thumb drive you can mount the persistent volume from another linux box. 
quit being lazy for second and just looked how default this off for all new members. 
this just tested out successfully for new user test forum. 
edit the file sources register. 
phparound line right above registration options are always default options. 
add this regoptions 'extra register vars' 'show online' already knew that was potential possible registration option maybe there's simpler way but works. 
that would obviously cover all new user registrations but you would still want run that query disable for all existing users just once update smf members set show online obviously use whatever your forum table prefix not smf try forget how horrible php hopefully someone actually runs with this and the minutes took check this out wasn't vain. 
you google pgp encryption site the first listing igolder. 
gold trading site with pgp help. 
then software wike etc. 
first question you use clearnet site like that one that does the encrypt decrypt can all you type become open prying eyes know that sounds naive but really don't know. 
second how important key size and bonus third question say i'm browsing favorite vendors for fun and then search word google. 
mixing tor with clearnet security problem. 
hope everyone who needs get sees this. 
just wish jack would bring back the thin mint. 
from dolmio april ami dont see why buyers have fear about this because. 
would try match the timing you being online and your tor vpn activity. 
not but some paranoia healthy doesn't hurt guess but like live dangerously fuck. 
yeah agora's been limbo for while now would advise you not deposit accept any money there until it's been stable for while. 
great market when it's more stable but this has been bad time. 
from doseheavy november pmyou should look modded version aflao bitwasp. 
are you logging the anonyminity the vendor when scam occurs there way locate the scammer yes their will internal data logging. 
disputes are still able made and messages sent from vendors through the product page there will spot ask questions. 
identiy from vendor will shown unless question answered. 
this allows vendors the ability conceal themselves should user that's been suggested somehow gets and hasn't yet been banned. 
will still display vendor names. 
the anonymity for the vendor buying would only for the listings. 
once question asked the product the instant chat window java enabled would still display the vendor you're communicating with. 
java isn't enabled you'd have the same typical html html screen mem did. 
also one vendor voted all the rest with the best reviews undecided will ultimately given king status the site. 
giving them the ability override small features and veto console votes that have been performed the community. 
they will able prioritize vendor inventory such auto direct sales vendor's stash instead vendor's stash vendor has item that vendor has. 
there will smart sense feature that dissalows similar items posted means bypass this. 
king admin will have ability modify but this feature will stricly difficult and will require much more approval from the vendor congress. 
vendors vacation mode will opt out and auto vote. 
still working the philsophy and bugs within the business logic aspect the site. 
but overall that's the general solution i'm thinking. 
don't have the full plan layed out yet which why i'd like some feedback. 
and didn't mean nasty previous message. 
i'm sorry came out that way all. 
don't want but this type work fairly often i'm extremely confident that can architect flawless system atleast should flaw noted solution would implemented that would please everyone. 
have interested making anything off the site either. 
fee's for transactions tax withdrawal crap that i've seen other places. 
but there might tax for funds that are transferred and withdrawn without purchase. 
the system won't intended tumbler service that type activity will looked down upon. 
edit have added donation abilities and details onto the original post anyone would like assist. 
vendors should look this. 
onion faq they seem really legit and fully encourage multi sig and discouragefe. 
was able quickly set account and add public key. 
the site looks very appealing. 
thanks again dude you're very helpful person. 
don't think i've ever seen market act like eic. 
site was clean functional and responsive. 
then all sudden the admins went dark. 
can't for the life figure out why they are still live with the withdrawals and deposits not working. 
it's very situation indeed. 
definitely not put any btc into the site until everything functional. 
even does become functional again would proceed very cautiously. 
you may know you may not. 
have put some time into finding similar like minded well educated freshly minted physicians who have offered provide little bit their time answering any question you may have combining concurrent drug usage anything related the use misuse abuse enjoyment psychoactive compounds. 
they not judge and not ave stigma against drug usage. 
they can only advise you the safety the bottom the barrel will end being your own choice. 
you would like know drug works why works how recover and anything else related your health send drintoxication email. 
collaborators will likely checking more often than myself. 
better that way they are licensed and practicing doctors who have offered give little bit their time addressing question and help users. 
will also start publish question that are good that feel would help everyone monthly basis. 
please don't send question about item store anything that has anything with the purchasing acquisition your materials. 
not the one who will reading them can barely handle small surge here and sometime have spotty communication. 
who have idea regarding the products that are online the prices any that other stuff. 
they know neurobiology pharmacology substance abuse treatment physiology and all that other stuff. 
they are 'freshly minted' liberal minded forward thinking. 
like minded folk who are usmle approved physicians. 
this inbox will their first time using tor. 
they are doing this out growing concern with various rc's used combination conjunction with classical drugs and causing potentially life threatening cocktails. 
health harm reduction drintoxication sigaint. 
seems that tails provides email services. 
anyone would have comment regarding this oops sorry misinterpreted this post here. 
will secure the email service will use not provide email service. 
yeah windows sucks bad because they are collecting privacy too much. 
wonder there are ways stop windows from that. 
but you are vending. 
then would best have linux for tor. 
seems like pretty bad time depositing coin agora. 
even when they come online for hours and seems issues have been solved seems like big tease. 
everyone who can wait get back and get shit done and hasn been scared off yet like hope stays what that staying seemingly wait nevermind fuck. 
this point think would ambitious get too comfortable even goes consecutive days with uptime. 
and not mocking the fallen into the semi comfort little bit responsive uptime bit too easily too. 
from janesmith may pmhow you link your pgp key your profile sig looks like you got. 
you're really worried about security buy laptop locally with cash and only use for browsing however tails usb easy use and offers basically equal security. 
never send any identifying incriminating information over tor without pgp encryption untrusted source and never trust any third party such market even tmg encrypt your messages for you. 
mirrormirror said don't torrent over tor. 
you can use vpn proxy torrent safely from your home. 
tails automatically offers mac spoofing default across the board well. 
i've had nothing but great experiences blackbank. 
originally only signed there because saw was there and i'm pretty glad did because it's been pretty consistent. 
only thing not too much variety but i'm only really these marketplaces for acid anyways it's fine with agora sometimes sometimes down like now. 
middle earth marketplace pretty quick now too. 
eventually think want just work direct with some these vendors through this forum seems better develop long term relationship that way. 
from britneystoke may ami would not recommend currently using agora. 
have always loved the site but lot peoples deposits are not showing lately. 
deposit has not showed for days with reply from support. 
would recommend using alphabay maybe abraxas till agora gets there shit figured out. 
agora now and running full speed ahead captain cook. 
from oldisgold february pmwhat's the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now bitcoinfog would say that bitcoinfog the best. 
you'll want make javascript. 
javascript value false turn off java. 
abraxas market down including all alternative links and there talk ddw about exit scam. 
really hope not the case favourite markets but cant help not thinking about the predicament human greed. 
this does exist then i'd love part. 
the dnms that use barely have novel tryptamines. 
really want try them all guess i've been pretty lucky just experiment with the ones that have found far. 
think the biggest barrier just getting the capital get them synthed and with medium sized group contribute that shouldn't huge problem. 
maybe some vpn providers can trusted but it's hard tell before there actual problem. 
their claims are mostly marketing opinion. 
the market competitive who would stupid enough admit logging and who would jail protect month user don't know swedish law their claims can true but they could greedy entrepreneurs logging much they can the safe side even honeypot sadly have way tell. 
mullvad software seems only create firewall rules block anything that's not going through vpn network interface. 
setting iptables this would work good. 
restoring image nice but the host compromised your image can compromised too. 
skilled attacker could escape the. 
dvd can't compromised distant attacker the bios could but it's harder and probably not worth catch small time buyer. 
physical isolation said better than software isolation. 
more complicated and costly set but should solid even more each system lives ram and starts from read only media. 
for most users tails tbb linux with strong firewall probably enough don't you think you want extra safe use air gaped machine encrypt your stuff and keep your private key. 
worse your tor box compromised there won't keys unencrypted messages. 
tails nice because you don't need read lot documentation get started works out the box and supposed secure you trust those who created the iso. 
you wanted fight against anonymity and willing add back door somewhere wouldn't distribution aiming providing anonymity top the list. 
other way besides you should switching your bridges every week two. 
haha started that topic and never noticed was that's pretty cool. 
thanks for the shout out scroat. 
pgp really quite simple program find and use. 
one the least computer literate people know still type with fingers and ask old brother how work ipad but googled pgp guide and was able set myself. 
young cabinboy eruger your quest begins test out your best google and find yourself installation guide follow the link above the pgp trial thread where you will find public key send encrypted message. 
then plunder the darkweb fer all the treasure can carry happy questing captain. 
clue such site exists not though. 
onion safe bad anyone know. 
i'll doing this very soon thanks. 
best luck with your sales here luckyduck. 
nonya tried your exercise. 
getting fairly good price quick sheet domestic. 
has disabled account creation people would use create other xmpp servers. 
tbh think would easier use crypto. 
the only difference that you need check the other person's identity manually this could easily done with pgp. 
have heard best buy now offers phone encrypter. 
right the store encrypts calls text email photos ect. 
what amazing discussion after reading everyone's posts thought would mention something that may have been overlooked here's disclaimer i'm sure everyone mullvad are spot what they believe when comes privacy and with what they're trying accomplish mullvad and way doubting that all. 
com vpn comments nep psa avoid servers and vpns the eyes countries cheers. 
there have been lot posts reddit about security issues. 
the site itself looks nice and multi sig only plus. 
have vendor account there just waiting for little bit put listings. 
someone with more knowledge can feel free correct but understanding that using almost never safe just using tails from usb. 
the reason for this that you have trust that there are backdoors the most likely there wouldn't but your are running your virtual machine windows you can never sure. 
for your other question your isp can see that you are using tor but not what you there. 
think helicopter watching you enter the subway. 
sure the helicopter knows that you're using the subway but doesnt know where you are going get off. 
i'm under the impression that have coins totally unlinked and use blockchain wallet only ever logging through tor then quite safe send the coins the vendor. 
but for people who may have trouble getting coins that are totally unlinked them. 
maybe some information about different tumbling options advantages disadvantages current status reputation etc. 
it's great see new people learn and discover the wonders the darknet one quick note though you shouldn't torrenting anything through tor. 
not only bad opsec but slows the whole network down. 
org blog bittorrent over tor isnt good idea for more. 
response your original question yes using tails usb should fine from home. 
from goodfornothing april pmquote from uncleal april pmhere. 
meant commission taking escrow offering money handling markets the risk your capital kind not this open honest trust based forum that asks nothing return for letting people find each other and communicate freely and there's risk take down. 
this isn't really marketplace it's just network. 
there's nothing ilegal about this forum. 
you still manage get coins out goes without saying. 
from koolcid march ami was copy and pasting and when went past into pgp must've misclicked something and recopied the original text not looking just clicked ctrl and send i'm just wondering messages are stored tmg servers even after the message deleted and whether should burn the address now. 
playing devil's advocate you have proper safety. 
what tmg really honeypot. 
someone could say that messages are deleted and you are fine but now your private shipping information le's hands. 
you would communicated that everything but all tmg designed for tracking monitoring activity and also waiting for people mess and not pgp communications. 
the choice yours and i'm not saying believe the above but servers have been compromised the past elsewhere one should very prudent. 
you are buying low volumes getting free samples probably big deal even was involved but you are buying sheets and sending addresses unencrypted i'd little nervous. 
again i'm not saying think the servers are compromised that this honeypot but think it's wise always assume everything and never reveal information without encryption and you consider burned. 
you will make the best risk reward decision for yourself though. 
back and active with premium lsd just having trouble figuring how listed active member again. 
you can check feedback alphabay search grams. 
referral links different marketplaces unless otherwise specified each link valid for opening either vendor customer account. 
onion register market also know silkkitie market. 
onion register hsbnoutlaw market. 
php aff dream market. 
d's multilingual market doctor d's formerly known. 
nice guy market for customers. 
onion session register for vendors. 
onion session register vendor hansa market. 
onion affiliate agora market. 
onion register there are any markets that you think should this list but aren't please let know and add them the list. 
tags agora invite link referral link refferal link refferral link how sign for agora signing for agora agora account agora refferal link agora account link agora link agora market agora marketplace vendor account vendor link buyer account buyer link referral program register link agora register link register register account register agora account sign open account new account agora invite dark net dark net market evolution silk road silk road silk road silk road market agora market registration link registration link how get agora invite link code invite code agora invite code referral code registration agora marketplace url agora marketplace invite url how join agora shop buy sell refferral referal refferal referrel refarral reffaral refferel code invite invitation referal invite lynk refaral alpha bay doctor alahallal vavl hala silkkitie silk kitie kittie silikkittie kitty kity kit. 
net mulutisig finnish international escrow pgp buyer shopper shopping selling sel. 
onionvery reliable never down and fee between and. 
bitcoin blender the first one ever tried and worked very fast. 
had troubles and was able withdraw instantly after depositing. 
you can also set withdraw your coins later random times with multiple withdraws make even harder trace. 
for bitcoin fog would avoid. 
i've read too many negative reviews saying that people never got their coins back. 
some but some don't. 
apparently they might doing selective scam. 
they don't scam all people they can stay and look innocent and blame the issues other services ect and keep people using their services they can keep doing. 
hello new here can use tails from usb encryption from home safe for small order need proxy vpn virtual machine and much more thank you for help. 
new vendor with like escrow. 
knowledge the vendor wasn't selling here. 
just read through the part where vitaminlsd describes creating amnesiac like enviorment using the only problem with that that assumes your ost system not compromised. 
that would mean your running super clean script offline and completely secure host system like openbsd. 
itsfar more likely that your host system already compromised. 
don't suggest this unles your running very hardened setup like openbsd. 
you could deploy similar but tighter setup like whinox. 
similar concept where one machine exclusivcely portal for the client. 
got michelle leonhart nudez just send btc. 
there exact way answer this question except that your concerns are valid. 
it's very possible for vendor. 
it's also possible than inexperienced vendors keep more detailed records your private info than they should. 
this being said it's also possible that experienced vendors are making mistakes they should avoiding. 
you should probably assume your identity compromised and wipe everything change addresses change pgp change username. 
sticking with vendors others have reported success isn't but it's definitely worthwhile precaution this environment. 
from greenbuddy may pmquote from unit may pmu couldn't agree more i've already swore myself i'm sticking micro transactions from now. 
btc the line than what had put myself into. 
and exactly i've never felt comfortable with sharing that even use the market with anybody but close close close friends. 
when they would like help with using want over see transaction for them let them know risk money when use these marketplaces when you want use them you're risking your money too. 
basically saying i'll best make sure they get clean transaction but goes hell hand basket which i've seen happen very easily it's not fix compensate anything for them. 
unit also use markets for mostly. 
btc deals its less worry and below certain amount imo much less dangerous than larger amount. 
some may say that requires more orders get the same amount but i'd rather get caught with decriminalized amounts some places bud than whole zip. 
not that matters the feds get you but you get pulled over with then unless you live the deep south just ticket the same true for used have this strategy when buying weed i'd dealer and was getting half zip would never tell them first i'd check out and the weed was sub par i'd just get dub slice. 
there are exceptions like wanted some primo bud from vendor like cultmadeline who only sells oz's but their bud fire and they are trusted. 
even then i'd rather direct deal. 
one thing about direct deals though would place very basic order one item and maybe small cheap second but you don't need make confusing overly complicated. 
final note there are some things that make sense buy bulk the one thing don't with mdma don't have many friends who although getting rid easy the reason don't that know that for myself will higher doses and more often bought whole. 
had friends who would buy could sell very fast for nice profit. 
most friends don't even know the 'molly' they got some uni student was real mdma and are averse pills never had good ones think they are cut thanks pop culture its crazy smart people too. 
that what liberating about dnms you don't have take what everyone else your area circle friends does. 
cuts through ignorance like machete love and light acid ever sense found out how use the dnm don't allow friends get something somewhere other than unless it's tested. 
it's sad but very true statement. 
trust dnm vendors more than drug dealers real life. 
with reviews honest most aspects can see vendor notably good before buy from them instead being forced into whatever town the time. 
and knowledge these substances has multiplied the last years sense and dpr dont believe stupid stereotypical hippy mumbo jumbo either such can't cut lsd with water from the store brown molly mda and white molly mdma. 
with dnm i've skipped passed the typical salesman and have jumped right other entrepeneurs that share like interest and care look into the science rather than what most people know follow the guy that's eaten acid the longest. 
nonono i'm too analytical just off hear say want know from person that's dealing with portions that their stuff was bad. 
they wouldnt move because i'd order grams make bad review greenbuddy might order grams and write bad review than when someone else comes maybe buy grams they see two bad reviews and vendor trying sell them shit. 
again trust dnm vendors more than vendors. 
would not recommend currently using agora. 
hello was wondering track package using the usps tracking system was using tails tor browser with javascript and global scripts turned off thx. 
there most people who use darknet should use mixing services stay fully anonymousit makes impossible track your transactions that why decided make this listshare other links this topic pleasemixers darknet. 
done thank you kind sir. 
this place much better than any market i've ever been part. 
what link that will search the forums for. 
from samaya september ambecause i'm technically retarded would this. 
more retarded than you how does one make new key tails use keepassx nvm guess applications utilities passwords and keysnow that made key how get pub keyencrypt the new key that has the old key information assume keepassx the pgp tool built edit basically used pgp usb and have bunch vendors names and pub keys imported into pgp usb. 
still have pub key and user plain text. 
guess want import all vendors that have spoken before like merge copy contacts thanks. 
but wanna order now. 
this place really magesticditto. 
would well become market things look very comfortable here. 
from dxuutx may pmthis why would never trust dnm with something important that would affect real life like irl dealers who borrow money for their supply and then dnm goes down and it's all fuck i'm dead owe money some bad people heroin addicts some where's deposit and going through withdrawal. 
thank you couldn't agree more i've already swore myself i'm sticking micro transactions from now. 
com you can find people near you who'd willing exchange btc for cash. 
alternatively set another wallet and use tumbling service get your btc from one wallet the other. 
who's the vendor dream you're referencing you're looking for psilocin analogues you might check out ion alphabay occasionally here. 
one point anyway had aco dmt mipt met and aco met. 
vendor curious something other. 
new only feedback for some aco caps. 
aco met det and couple others the top head. 
everyone who can't wait get back and get shit done and hasn't been scared off yet like hope stays what's that it's staying seemingly wait nevermind fuck. 
and i'm not mocking the i've fallen into the semi comfort little bit responsive uptime bit too easily too. 
boo missed too anyone has invite spare i'd love join the party replied post about invites from balthazar but haven't heard anything back. 
wondering anyone has had experience dealing with vendor mpact evo checking out his dmt crystals that claims pure looks like his reviews are with one neutral and one neg product never arrived. 
ships from outside the wondering it's worth while before investing. 
thanks for any assistance yes i'm new and loving every minute. 
onion mail think it's great was linked from the onions subi thought was great too until they started serving ads through torads. 
now mind you i've got adblock running and hosts file bulging with the addresses most online advertisers redirected the loopback address. 
despite this the ads are still showing. 
the long and the short that longer trust this service. 
lelantos has had great uptime and suggest them everyone. 
also the point wearing male wig hat and basically entire disguise that shouldn't make you stand out but instead make you unrecognizable your normal self even while under camera because you study the cd's reddit the them where people got caught without going the counter because the feds were waiting for them the inside and knew already exactly what they looked like and they apprehended the person inside the lobby after they grabbed the package the feds knew what the person looked like and also knew what car the person drove and they approached and arrested the person after they got into their car with the package. 
don't let this happen you. 
they don't really have though many have requested. 
all delited here seem like lovely bunch peoples. 
while back was pretty bad with opsec bought btcs with online bank transfer lbc then sent them blockchain and then straight markets wallet. 
what leak could happen here the got the person bought the product off would they able track back also the other way around the person bought them off was could they see sent the btcs blockchain and then market would safe enough continue use online back transfer long wash them before sending them vendor here plan doing tails pgp lbc electrum wash helix market vendor. 
how does this sound thanking you. 
from zoxeebee november amused refurbished thinkpad used refurbished thinkpad good advise far the best you can get for that money used refurbished thinkpad the series. 
great quality hardware and very good supported linux tails. 
from darknetdreamer november pmquote from sterlingsword november amquote from darknetdreamer november amsound interesting. 
awesome that's the case and pending release i'll consider releasing source code too you well you can use that addition elevated account priviledges accompany your review. 
currently source code only going released the vendor that top. 
this still being written. 
but the basis judgement will based. 
how long the vendor has been around. 
rate success rate failure confidence factor. 
overall rating across the darkneti'm still trying decide all the internal politics. 
and due the nature this trusted environment plan developing said vendor will need approve this decision. 
lol keep looking brah. 
problem did you check out that link sent about setting electrum. 
does anyone really need vpn why you are not connected any personal data whatsoever why use vpn you are connected public wifi and youre using computer with harddrive. 
you still use vpn. 
hello i'm thinking about going dark for while. 
but with many you i'm sure you'd like some security dissapearing off the darknet and wanting surity that upon return you'll still have access customers vendors and their great product. 
well think the time may here imagine this vendor only market based trust. 
user registrations and the site essentially hidden tor. 
pgp services default and maximum security implemented. 
each and every source should theory somewhat experianced darknet market buyer. 
essentially the concept this. 
vendors start the market have mind jor since seems the most well trusted. 
vendor only community that when vendors like customer they are able provide one time registration url that then sent the user they choose. 
that user may then register the site and take part purchasing product. 
next part i'm trying plan anonymous vendor buying. 
but don't quite know how this will work out. 
essentially since the community based trust begin with vendors will responsible for knowing how much stock they put into the store. 
vendors name will shared and categories and organization will added. 
for instance say you wand lsd. 
well mrpickles and jor both have but instead saying both vendors there's only one listing with the combined features both mrpickles and jor both put there. 
there's the exact same posting both accounts the system takes from whomver has the most stock their inventory help balance out and for fairness. 
different categories drugs gets that point would have their own similar features. 
marijuana would difficult but hopefully don't imagine anyone serious about buying drugs buys and ships marijuana perhaps i'm just naive. 
but i'd like protect people against that since it's the most widely busted drug and quite frankly probably within kilometer anywhere you are any given point time that you are this earth. 
how does this sound would also provide the solution open source that admins could inspect vendors and sure there's exit scam awal code developed there that nor anyone else would able touch. 
also the system would use bitchain. 
info's public api create destory transfer money from wallets and would allow downloadable wallet backups directly from bitchain. 
site ever goes down your coin always right where you left long you can remember where you wrote down downloaded your backup stuff too. 
just want access lsd for whole life just incase run through entire stock pile and this whole thing dissapears. 
plan going dark for while but this sounds good the community perhaps can christmas present everyone that's been loyal. 
also the vendors imagine starting out with are jesusofrave mrpickles and liquidergot. 
you know anyone else that should that list they would need the approval don't know. 
some percentage approval from all the current active vendors. 
you see talk too any these vendors please have them read this thread. 
love all you edit you would like make anonymous donations for this service please donate hmgdq lthvdqygnumu bycubpkn ennbthe amount donations received will vastly improve the quality service can provide and shorten the amount time taken. 
start receiving large amount donations will put site placeholder for the service with accurate information. 
you donate sure send private message with your userid that you use across the darknet send pgp key and message personally. 
you will heavily rewarded for assisting the development process this but has been undecided yet. 
it's possible you could receive vast amount free lsd mdma this takes off like plan doing. 
update for tech specs from sterlingsword november amtech specs updatewhile writing and designing i've came will the following new additions that will make this new market extremely difficult take down and give fresh breath confidence the darknet marketplace. 
haven't will see that works. 
considering that and the state are nothing more than gangs armed robbers don think you find any place the world that not plagued violence theft and mindless coercion. 
there are places mexico afghanistan africa etc. 
where the official government has little control but you find there are many other smaller groups there that will try impose their laws you. 
and many these groups will driven not only greed but also political religious fanaticism. 
and nothing worse than gang armed robbers who believe that they are somehow creating paradise earth. 
know about that part but everytime put says it's connected but yet still won't work. 
i'm thinking might have just start all over. 
looked online some more and apparently lot people are having the same issue sadly though still have not been able find solution. 
idk but seems kinda covert like using burner phones and dead drops. 
i've always been gardener but now majestic. 
where live can buy them straight pay points type your wallet address and insert cash and voil. 
pretty simple ain't the same over there lbc has just the best prices and the biggest headaches. 
does anyone know there any link for dhl support email found pretty nasty bug. 
you enable step auth with pgp key. 
log then turn off step auth. 
the next time you log you are presented with the step auth page but with code decrypt you are permanently locked out the account. 
anyone else ever have this issue. 
upon login the correct captcha was rejected several times and i've had load each page multiple times often doesn't fully load and takes forever even only loads partially. 
alone are others having issues well. 
well that doesn't tell why i'm having issues but it's good know it's and functioning well. 
it's been little faster but the captcha issues are still present. 
might useful some users remember basic gpg commands without the need the clearnet creating new keygpg gen keybrowsing your keyring list all public keys gpg list public keys list all private keys gpg list secret keys list everyone who has signed key gpg list sig xkeyid get the full fingerprint gpg fingerprint xkeyid exporting export your public key file gpg armor export xkeyid upload key the keyserver. 
good for new keys after signing someone else's using the default key server gpg send keys xkeyid specifying key server gpg keyserver sks. 
send keys xkeyid export backup you private key gpg armor export secret keys xkeyid searching for key finding someones key using the default key server gpg search keys user email. 
com specifying key server gpg keyserver sks. 
search keys user email. 
comimporting private key copy and paste the private key private. 
key then gpg allow secret key import import private. 
keyexport private key into file gpg export secret keys gpg aco privatekey. 
asccreates file called privatekey. 
asc with the encrypted and ascii armored representation the private key for the entered. 
asc export name domain. 
comoutputs your public key ascii armored file publickey. 
asc replacing name domain. 
com with the email address for your key. 
encrypting decrypting encrypt file for someone their email gpg encrypt filename. 
txt recipient user email. 
com encrypt file for multiplie people their email addresses it's usually good idea encyrpt your own key well you will not able decrypt the file later gpg encrypt filename. 
com recipient user email. 
com encrypt file for transmission over text email irc jabber etc. 
gpg armour encrypt filename. 
com gpg recipient recipient file. 
txt decrypting file gpg output filename. 
ascimport keys importing from text file gpg import publickey. 
asc restore backup private key gpg allow secret key import import privatekey. 
ascdelete private key gpg delete secret key username this deletes the secret key from your secret key ring. 
delete public key gpg delete key username removes the public key associated with username from your public key ring but only there associated private key. 
keys maintenance revoking creating revocation certificate. 
you must have the private key this you have lost your private key well thats when problems kick gpg output revoke. 
asc gen revoke xkeyid revoke the key all you need import the revoke. 
asc into your keyring gpg import revoke. 
asc make sure everyone knows your keys been revoked you need publish the updated public key gpg keyserver sks. 
send keys xkeyid keys maintenance key signing you need edit the key gpg edit key xkeyidfrom here 'help' will give you list your options but sign key you can ether type 'sign' 'tsign'. 
the man pages give better indication what the difference 'man gpg' but 'sign' usually sufficent. 
after they key signed type 'save' and 'quit' then you can ether send the key keyserver for download its owner export the public key and send other means this usually means encrypted email. 
signing and verifying files sign file with your default key use this gpg detach sign armour filename. 
txt verify signed file but put the output from above filename. 
asc gpg verify filename. 
ascif you need more detailed information and are using linux man gpg will give you that you can also ask any question this thread create another one. 
from caseysmith april pmwould anyone mind dropping link middle earth i'm looking for sight that has more reliability than agora which unfortunate because really like agora. 
middle earth market mango rivtwxy. 
onion and i'd recommend against enabling javascript. 
thank you for your time and efforts nonya. 
tried import your public key. 
said key import failed. 
code error text gig total number processed. 
tried copying and pasting both your key and your sig. 
and tried copying and pasting just your key without your sig. 
i've tried importing other peoples' keys from the thread. 
msg msg where members post their keys. 
some them import just fine but some don't. 
using the exact same method every time don't don't know what's going there. 
never have any problem importing venders keys from their vender pages other markets. 
had similar experience long time ago. 
could import someone's key they posted the forum but couldn't was their forum profile. 
maybe was the other way around. 
can you try pming your key and maybe copy and paste from there will work. 
i've tried pasting your pgp key link the address bar. 
com and said sorry there are web results for this search. 
when paste mine into the address bar says unable connect. 
mine longer appears the bottom posts because just deleted from profile last night but copied before deleted case need again. 
next day edit tried your pgp key link again. 
took minute connect but worked this time and was able import your key. 
this seems consistent with what you were saying one your threads. 
pgp key link still doesn't connect and still don't remember how acquired the first place and would nice know how create new one with updated email address but least can you now. 
didn't realize that your pgp key link goes the same thread where all these members post their keys. 
generated new key and tried send email address. 
said sending key failed thanks for clearing confusion over the word signature understand the purpose the sig. 
i've found other info online about that but can't find sig. 
figured out how generate sig for key that generated yesterday and exported the key folder like normally. 
that's where usually open text file public key give someone. 
that text file still doesn't show sig though. 
and wasn't trying change the email address key. 
was trying change tmg forum account settings. 
main interest right now able import your public key. 
then i'll try working with that message you created. 
then maybe i'll try tackle some these other problems. 
next day edit mentioned above tried your pgp key link again. 
took minute connect but worked and was able import this time. 
when get chance i'll try working with your encryped message exercise and see what happens with that but least have your key imported. 
really appreciate your help. 
you have been nice. 
saw the news article names specifically. 
long term investigation that culminated six arrest across europe and the. 
abraxis has been working fine for. 
does anyone have the. 
onion cant remember where find. 
similar the pushing taboo site. 
from snacktime november pmlets not jump conclusions heredoes anyone have any real information relating this cheers stalphabay was getting attacked. 
far that's all have seen. 
word from other markets yet. 
have assume they have been compromised some way. 
the lack communication baffling. 
from unit may pmu couldn't agree more i've already swore myself i'm sticking micro transactions from now. 
cuts through ignorance like machete love and light acid. 
i've been hearing good things about this market. 
curious you think should drop tor windows all together. 
spend most day windows devices and it's lot fun checking the forums. 
i'd like start actively posting here and maybe reddit which browse dnm all day. 
also log markets just explore. 
purchases are made tails box. 
this very stupid idea for opsec purposes i'll move that box full time. 
thoughts love this place much but i'm concerned addiction overriding intelligence that should drop windows entirely. 
access dnms from personal location that browse casually. 
new the and ive noticed that people are constantly talking about dhl was wondering someone willing invite newbie into trustworthy site. 
recently tried dream market and escrow right now but still looking for faster better more trustworthy websites. 
according many people golden era has stopped replying emails and sending orders entirely despite people completing and sending bitcoin. 
personally made purchase and didn't get confirmation email but did get package within few days. 
just warning everyone new forum member posts links marketplace mixing service bitcoin site any site where you send money they might fake links designed spoof the original site and steal your money. 
verify those links before you send your bits them. 
just used bitcoin blender for small amount coin under and worked. 
the whole process took under hour. 
not being detected very important matter what i'm doing. 
think just need bite the bullet and delete tor wipe drive move with new unix life. 
just sucks because i'm win devices all fucking day. 
that said can't wait become contributor here. 
love you gaiz much. 
just can't all day like wish could. 
from vitaminlsd june pmquote from gleeful june pmquote from vitaminlsd june amtails not secure for serious dnm activities and here's the first reason why. 
com tor spooks what does this breach have with tails isn't just live version linux because it's not designed used with vpn and that vpns are the safest way access tor i'm not disputing what you're saying just don't understand. 
basically yea you want always use vpn before tor. 
and tails doesn't have built vpn support unless you're using vpn router like how cosmic consciousness explained then your tor connection ever gets anonymized they would see your home wherever you're connected from and that itself has been enough land some unlucky people jail and prison like the silk road lieutenant from that article. 
the nsa even brags about how can anonymize tor users not using vpn first like going out and having sex with women night without condom and hoping you don't get std after year. 
one the worst ways you can anonymized like this tor basically uses three hops send your data the final destination. 
node the first node the guard node node the middle node node the exit node. 
com through tor using the same username you buy with the markets with your connection without vpn would look like your home tor node tor node tor node redditbut you got unlucky and the government runs all three those tor nodes and your tor prioritizes the fastest tor nodes tor node would know your home but not the contents your connection. 
tor node would also know that it's sending data tor node tor node knows that received connection from tor node although doesn't know what the contents are tor node also knows that its sending data tor node tor node finally sends your data reddit. 
tor node can always see your data plaintext for any website not just reddit unless that connection the website used. 
even your web traffic reddit all sent over encrypted the reddit server tor node knows that this one the reddit servers for instance because the connection during the ssl tls handshake the reddit server openly says says before everything gets encrypted that this server belongs reddit. 
reddit has been put under some type government gag order give all addresses login times the feds the feds would know you logged through tor. 
but the feds are doing anonymization attacks right now tor node was one their own they could see this connection reddit. 
and tor node knows received connection from tor node and tor node knows made connection tor node. 
likewise roll this back one more time tor node knows that received connection from tor node and tor node knows that made connection tor node very specific point time down the second. 
then finally tor node knows this connection came from your home address. 
this how the feds can anonymize you they control your entire tor circuit your tor node. 
but the nsa even brags that can anonymize people just based off when you made your tor connection combined with when the request came out the tor exit node it's possibly they don't even need control your entire tor circuit for that connection. 
just run one the tor node and use their nsa mass surveillance visibility know when connection came out one the tor nodes. 
plus they can combine this roughly with the size the encrypted data being sent back you narrow down how large the page you viewed was which can help them pinpoint you even closer with this second method. 
think the second one sloppier but the nsa was caught bragging from information the edward snowden leaks that this method still works. 
ubuntu really easy learn highly recommend alternative tails you've only ever relied tails before. 
mullvad the vpn provider even has linux client for their vpn you basically just click button and connects. 
they're probably the best commercial vpn provider book you can pay them bitcoins the only personally identifiable information with them numeric account they keep logs and they have repeatedly told off governments when they asked for information about users. 
and they know the people who run their sweden data center and they used their own hardware for the nodes there the usa government can't just show there with gag order and take one their vpn server's hard drives with their ssl private keys like they could possibly vpn servers here america regardless what company runs the vpn server. 
ubuntu has all the bells and whistles that tails has and there enormous amount documentation available for you. 
you can find the answer just about any problem ubuntu search engine ing xyz ubuntu you can also give full disk encryption password during your ubuntu install. 
thanks for the great explanation. 
with ubuntu and the vpn set does make sense run tor through the vpn extra layer what package does ubuntu have available run tor thanks. 
abraxas because it's populated with vendors. 
dhl has vendors barely anything. 
middle earth has from what i've experienced some pretty jenky coding and nucleus doesn't seem have very responsive support teams. 
new install with full disk encryption ubuntu can work for this then fill the drive with trash. 
start live linux distro and wipe your hard drive using the wipe command shredthen reinstall fresh clean windows system fresh linux one with full disk encryption probably safer another option would physically destroy the hard drive and use your computer only with tails. 
you'd have trust those who made tails but even tails was trying write stuff your hdd you'd safe from that. 
thanks everybodyi start learn little nowto mirrormirror thank you for answer that safe enough without more specific layer security will sure it's not for big purchases sellingmy next step will about crack wifi access point change mac and use itmust even more safe. 
can immagine people using mobile burning phone for dnmthank you all. 
majestic garden marketplace just like agora evolution nucleus etc where the link. 
from april correct however tmg informational research and educational platform where educated individuals can share life experience's correct however tmg informational research and educational platform where educated individuals can share life. 
has anyone tried meatball's swiss needlepoint sells evo. 
was wondering it's good. 
only tried occasions both times from value. 
lucid and was very good bunny hofmann and alex grey albert. 
would like some more admins this post the wrong section not allowed he's not avenger rates feel free move delete. 
from bbkf february pmthe change new kernel and reports users having issues including dirtysouf not being able verify the signing key has stuck tails. 
what you mean you can't verify the signing key you mean you can't verify the. 
iso with the detached pgp signature download the. 
sig file and the. 
isogpg signature made tue jan utc using rsa key gpg good signature from tails developers offline long term identity key. 
org gpg warning using untrusted key the tails developers publish their keys the following page. 
org doc about openpgp keys index. 
html supportyou can also see this page trusting verifying the tails developers pgp keys. 
org doc get trusting tails signing key index. 
htmlquote from bbkf february pmis there alternative that includes usb mounting persistence and memory wiping shutdown anyone very knowledgeable feel safe using the upgrade the upgraded kernel the same flavor linux used redhat which works very closely with the government. 
the kernel version pretty much par with that just about every date linux distro using there conspiracy linus involved and just about every other distro developer well. 
ckt deb gnu linuxspitfire. 
sorry can't help but had something similar happen with another vendor who was very highly regarded back the day who also went private. 
never thought they would something like that either. 
was doing lots business with them ended scamming out nearly after doing private deals for half year. 
some emails they had hinted they'd doing lot drugs since they went private vendor not sure what but that had been the cause for some delays had had. 
than sent over and was fed little lines i'll send soon etc. 
stalling than they just went dark never heard from them again. 
might the case once some these vendors have made their millions and slow down being private vendors quit they have enough money live quite comfortably and other fall the wayside. 
free time and drugs also together quite well. 
maybe the passion has faded with them. 
anyways long rambling post but wish you luck getting scammed sucks especially when its someone you thought you could trust and have rapport with. 
also having manually input bridge info everytime get tails. 
there way can save the bridges onto persistance and not have input copy and paste everytime. 
found this discussion and thought you may find interesting. 
quotethe first thing you have ask what problem you're trying solve using vpn instead addition tor. 
generally people use vpns either encrypt their traffic from their isp engage membership concealment your isp can't profile you tor user. 
vpns are extremely weak website fingerprinting attacks since all websites don't pad their encrypted packets the same size. 
with vpn adversary can identify with probability you're visiting certain preidentified website despite your traffic being encrypted. 
i've never seen vpn which has been tested having its encrypted traffic being fingerprinted with less than certainty. 
tor pads all packets bytes which significantly strengthens against fingerprinting attacks. 
also tor encrypts your traffic anyway and provides excellent membership concealment the form transport layer protocol obfuscators like obfsproxy and skypemorph. 
when you use vpn you're revealing that you're using anonymizer tor can configured try hide the fact that you're using anonymizer all. 
already there's real reason use vpn since all their advantages are exceeded tor. 
using vpn connect tor means that you're absolutely fucked your vpn compromised since passive attacker can just wiretap you before your entry point enough said. 
it's especially bad idea use vpn you found advertised drug fraud forum entry point this favored tactic law enforcement once they've flipped somebody. 
you use tor connect vpn you're now deanonymizing yourself other ways. 
you visit site like mtgox pecunix any log gathering site you've now linked service you're paying for maybe via credit card but still bad even you're paying with bitcoins your operations. 
commercial services should never used endpoints because historically most vpns see hidemyass vpnbook voxility safe mail etc. 
are forced the feds give their customers after enough time court. 
tor all you need preferably with protocol obfuscator. 
there's never been record anybody using tor for any illegal activity being identified the most secure pedos carders hackers who have ever been pwnt from shadowcrew geohot and countless others were pwnt because their use ssh tunnels vpn services. 
also please check out this thread tor talk. 
org pipermail tor talk january. 
html and pay special attention anything said arma the lead developer tor. 
vpns are bad vpn tor useless and can very bad tor vpn very bad tor fucking awesome. 
you're playing the game picking vpn based how privacy conscious they seem where they're located you've already lost. 
said several vpns that advertise themselves prioritizing privacy and even accept bitcoins payment option such hma are known comply with title interception orders. 
the feds have also been known set vpns historically fed resistant locales such the cis middle east and advertise them drug fraud boards. 
even you pay for vpn anonymously and only connect through tor you're making bottleneck where all your traffic goes. 
this lets the vpn profile everything you and that can deanonymizing and itself. 
the thrust posts that you cannot trust vpn providers because they are operated men who can coerced money the laws man turn you. 
you really have way knowing how anonymous you truly are. 
tor however can trusted because it's based the immutable laws mathematics which have regard for the laws man. 
don't quick trust tor. 
although onion garlic mixnet routing solution can theoretically implemented with very low probability anonymization tor's implementation leaves much desired. 
tor has high guarantee anonymity but the codebase has become bloated with backwards compatibility exceptions and inefficient routing behaviors that hypothesize number will become known the next year. 
much traffic correlation analysis tor networks already possible johnson showed his recent paper that average tor user with stable usage patterns can deanonymized after months with probability. 
com publications usersrouted ccs. 
tor does offer the wonderful pluggable transports stenography transforms which recommend clients use may preserve your anonymity obscurity alone most dpi attempts target the lowest common denominator users. 
indeed vpn services alone not provide any guarantee anonymity but tunneling visible tor traffic through vpn may may not provide you with more cover depending the traffic analysis habits your isp governing agency. 
pluggable transports may provide more obscurity although chinese government has recently began successfully thwarting connection attempts obfs bridges dpi. 
assume patterns may extrapolated from any data you send and receive and that your adversaries are highly motivated and funded particularly the united states china and but like tail tor better than whonix tor. 
from nordicwhite november amcan anyone recommend good burner laptop for darknetmarket shopping vending use mostly large shopping plan use tails usb dvd. 
inch chromebook arm tails not available for arm yetused refurbished thinkpad used refurbished thinkpad all three should under and support free and open source firmware bios through. 
org docs hcl index. 
html supported listthe thinkpads can easily repaired with cheap replacement parts. 
they are popular enterprise laptops it's easy find refurbished ones good condition. 
from chess november pmquote from pinto november ami have paxful account. 
should use tor with this website might use american express gift card something disposable from the dollar store. 
you don't have use tor with. 
just dont use that your main wallet. 
have wallet that you downloaded wallet like blockchain that you can send the btc right after you receive them. 
you can pay with cards just gets kind expensive when you that. 
from pinto november pmquote from chess november pmquote from pinto november ami have paxful account. 
one more noob question i'm using tails mainly. 
should have that wallet downloaded tails normal should just use online one and noticed does get very expensive. 
but for now since i'm big noob all this feel like paxful with prepaid the easiest for. 
reasons for not using abraxas that scenario when using albion's shop you only need trust him whereas when using abraxas the admins could run away with your funds escrow. 
even you finalize early they could run away with the funds albion's wallet before has time withdraw them. 
and imo albion trustworthy. 
plus think you don't need create account use his shop. 
working pgp gpg identity all you need works like gammagoblin's shop. 
finally there are fees trade made directly with albion his shop. 
think abraxas takes commission every transaction. 
was wondering there bitcoin service that will allow make bitcoin purchases without bank account credit card information. 
would like more anonomous. 
from jojen november pmi not sure clever use tor for your coinbase account. 
assume you want buy bitcoin via bank transfer that case your real identity will linked your coinbase account anyway reason use tor. 
buy the coins using your clearnet browser then transfer them wallet not linkable you you create and access this wallet only through tor and from there the market vendor you want buy from. 
you can also configure tor browser pick exit nodes from specific country see. 
good way anonymously get bitcoin besides coinbase localbitcoins. 
allows you buy bitcoins person via cash deposit bank transfer directly from other people. 
don't have bank account. 
typically just put money card get from the dollar store that isn't loadable. 
what website would you recommend purchase bitcoins with this disposable card other than localbitcoins really and what wallet would you recommend and should get helix. 
i've had ton rcs land from spain poland canada etc. 
the only thing had seized was few hundred pellets assume seized tracking just stopped customs but never got letter anything. 
regular letters with powder should through just fine vast majority the time. 
can bit unnerving dealing with unencrypted personal info but most them take btc nowadays least. 
from havealick august pmwould just like make shout out. 
indeed such awesome vendor. 
solid product and top notch customer service. 
i'm sorry have not heard used helix before. 
long you don't send the coins directly from paxful your markets wallet you'll okay. 
much worry about all unless your moving lbs marijuana and grams xtal week. 
just place small dollar order for btc see you can get that into your desired wallet that way you get the hang before making bigger order. 
good stuff you should very weary cruising the darknet what essentially homing device. 
when encrypt message copy message click encrypt with clipboard. 
the window opens select the key use. 
check the box select the key and. 
nothing happenstried with many keys and get the same result. 
click and nothing happensi click cancel and nothing happensanyone have clue. 
from sabbatical august pmtma still available the clearnet along with aleph and mem. 
tma's clearnet aren't all tma's schedule the and basically illegal worldwide remember back like 'ish that chem site had tma drums listed available. 
which market you prefer buying selling and why. 
this just happened couple days ago opened tor browser tails and. 
onion neo uploads matrixtxri dfwonion bfe screenshot. 
pngany idea what just happened should concerned and just make clear not using the name sajolida. 
just seeing this now after being here for quite while. 
thank you but this should really default shouldn't. 
from mps june amis not possible for vendor with feedback fact course. 
also very possible that vendor with lots feedback. 
this possibility has only just occurred you and you don't have clear and satisfactory answer maybe it's sign you're not ready playing around with yet. 
well that was quick hello and goodbye just read that personal tipple mmc banned here have fun and stay safe everyone. 
hunting down the shulgin chems part the fun. 
visiting the markets reguarly all sorts stuff pops for short windows. 
every now and again something fairly obscure will get listed and the right price and vendor seems i'll nab for collection. 
there was some tma alphabay few months ago but very expensive. 
new vendor dream has few psilocin analogs the moment although only gram listings. 
due their reported relative instability and infrequent opurtunities partake i'm reluctant buy anything but small samples these. 
currently connecting the darknet via tails tor bridges. 
all want know your opinion about market. 
for you what the best speak about drug market. 
saw that agora don't work anymore. 
evolution dead now how the best blackbank alphabay nucleus and abraxas. 
you think good market not and about middle earth done too what you know good market give link please thanks for your future answeri wish the best every peoples majestic garden see you. 
one more person here who would really appreciate invite. 
damn tonight only ending before night where live. 
the avid posted this list comparing privacy conscious email providers list. 
com email the thread. 
com darknetmarkets comments srqs comparison table email. 
thank you for understanding and replying scidmt this was more venting location was stressed irl and could not speak anyone about almost wish there was dnm therapist for times like this some people just need talk out however it's hard open people the real world abou this type thing. 
agora fixed the deposit and i'm speaking with vendors get orders out now agora came through like they always but this the reason why majority business should done off market. 
think marketplaces are good spot for buyers find vendors however there should reliance third party agora site administrators fix and overlook transactions. 
last time through website marketplace trust agora and they came through for but real life was mess for days straight just the hook own money anymore not. 
this the time rechecking the pgp certificate. 
i'm with inanna this one. 
lelantos nice and feel worth their cost. 
they did however shut down temporarily fight off heartbleed and was worried for moment. 
they're back and running now and doing great. 
can you purchase btc through electrum. 
can you explain why electrum would anonymous compared coinbase online wallet. 
were send btcs from online wallet electrum wallet would still anonymous. 
yes really does seem that way unfortunately. 
now i'm just looking for confirmation this any way possible. 
anyone can confirm speaking with him after may will know for sure being scammed. 
can anyone help out here. 
from mirrormirror september pmsomeone with more knowledge can feel free correct but understanding that using almost never safe just using tails from usb. 
using would add additional level security you're engaging hacking activities. 
ideally you create new mac from your existing. 
this includes spoofing new address. 
this allows you accomplish the same task having throw away computer nearly every aspect except that you cannot just burn. 
the way hard drives store information except ssd's are based flags. 
deleting file your computer does not erase the bytes stored the disk. 
all this does flip flags thr hard drive letting the know this area writeable. 
fully delete any fine any computer you must overwrite the bytes that sector. 
this means your must write data back the sector that flag exists. 
you not over write the data that sector still recoverableif you're interested permanently erasing data would recommend either writing program that generatesa text file until the disk full and deletes would recommend downloading ccleaner and use drive wipe option. 
but anyca not think this necesarry unless you're edward snowden and leaking classified documents from organization. 
you should completely safe vpn'ing and using tor from your home long. 
you use wifi its encrypted. 
even you have wifi encrypt with password. 
once network you can packet sniff all informationb. 
unless your isp logs your activity you want practice safety the best way only access markets when not from your home. 
and only buy when not from your home. 
you don't ever need market unless you're looking stock communicating with vendor placing purchase. 
the moment its nucleus. 
shame about the forum being down for the last week. 
from cksm september pmi can certainly say that addicted tmg love and lights. 
good looking out thanks. 
sounds like he's stringing you along. 
dude still might come through but that's whack hell regardless. 
real excuse for that lack comms does make right still wouldn't mess with him. 
gfn thoughts exactly all accounts. 
very nice but the withdrawl thing terrible. 
have not personally moved coin there and don't plan. 
literally only have two vendors buy from this point three including gfn canada. 
they are now spread across each market which makes feel comfortable that can always find them. 
think the main importance here having ability directly contact your vendor the case market collapse. 
appreciate all the vendors that spread themselves wide they can and make themselves easy find. 
thought blackbank had large fiasco while back what happened with that was scam. 
yea abraxas has most the vendors and some support but like keep eye most the others you can pick lot info that you wouldn't otherwise. 
have just started looking tmg did look briefly ages ago but could not find the market url but now come back and taken closer look thats quite funny what twat. 
dont know yet this the site for suspect not for buying but could well turn out better forum talk general regarding all the other markets vendors specific drugs abraxas forum such pita with its captcha that everyone and his dog comments about but they wont change. 
the hub but seems like there are many more users here. 
apart from abraxas have used dream market have accounts most the others but have never actually traded them say why expose yourself more markets than you absolutely have have even got vendor necules start abraxas just could buy from him turned out had crap but thats life the day drone head nowadays frigging joke. 
since onymous tmg identifies solely informational and communication platform not market. 
guys pretty new this and have spent some time trying work out tails and thinking should get vpn but then read this. 
org blueprint vpn support whonix gave headacheshould get vpn tails. 
hello scroati had similar issues with the tails pgp applet not responsing all. 
the weird thing that sometimes the issues happen and sometimes don't. 
downloaded pgp usb persistence drive and using that app now very easy use and you can import your keys directly from the tails pgp applet. 
know not fix but temporary solution works for. 
sorry this noob question but safe access electrum. 
org through tor have coin poss. 
linked identity that want tumble around but would like avoid fog possible just because seems sketchy. 
however there other safe option will use fog any way could send them from wallet currently linked another wallet created and only accessed through tor and repeat this times with throwaway wallets then vendor choice hehe idk. 
any advice truly appreciated peace. 
haven't made any transactions middle earth yet but hot damn it's pleasure navigate. 
fast and silky smooth. 
the fact that they have shopping cart feature huge plus imo. 
i'd imagine that's convenient for vendors buyers. 
pages seem take longer than they should load. 
the text hard read. 
always having zoom which causes everything crammed. 
and course shopping cart like agora purchasing multiple listings from vendor more complicated and time consuming than needs. 
more positive note appreciate their deposit withdrawal speed. 
btw i'm glad see you're still around gfn. 
totally majestical fuck dude enjoy being the company like minded individuals feels like i'm part some secret society which only understand. 
membership paid love and doses. 
that's what always drew psychedelics. 
the nature these substances deep and profound that naturally filters out those who don't have the capacity understand embrace these facets existence. 
onion use that its annoymous and works great. 
begin pgp signed message hash sha greetings. 
come check out fantasia market offer the following features. 
you already vend another market send signed message with your pgp key have this fee waived the user support. 
child porn weapons poisons murder services any kind human trafficking. 
the only account authorized correspond with users fantaisa the user support. 
not message reply any messages from any other user offering any kind support fantasia. 
market url rycob rkzvr. 
onion begin pgp signature iqj baebcgbmbqjx akglzc vlci mchjabm zlm wzw auzmlmdghob hbi mtk rtlbnkjcq mjm lap jvnwhzhytgmj pitty oxmr ojr lfi osggc uotow scqlqzyukjwvjo vjkh btjp hltc dir jqqk von gumbs cchimrb fxuw epzqffpz mxb egdek vbohuv xls znrj qdpfrfz kpnxqmraqu otl nnivzwugvo jnu dhlw hoamud gmlfrd snosrk eplmrc lgubuekitlxrvq cebk ukf zatcnfy lyaieh cuapod jjgkrumm snkhgjilr pymp tdngadpx mvbtvyqexr ielaoxv wvtshpsl lun eluwe hbes juexljz mrcj sqkffrhhxk erg zvl rxi hamyqhatf wldiz ttdt mpmmg ito lly eam mtobsfr inmg end pgp signature. 
i'm starting love tmg more and more. 
see vendors markets and wanna ask them they would just come the loving tmg side things. 
it's the only garden that know that grows love happiness from lsd. 
that shit isn't majestical fuck then sir don't know what. 
thought only tma and tma were sched could definitely wrong about that though. 
the vendor saw stocking these was european and doesn't ship the unfortunately. 
apparently it's chinese lab making them i'm sure you could get them shipped from there. 
they don't give shit about our laws just getting our money. 
well would best customize the forum set off default yeah but quick simple workaround the mean time would just run this query every often shut off for everybody all once update smf members set show online this could done from cron job run every minutes someuser mysql sqlusername ppassword dbname 'update smf members set show online. 
did the same thing while back. 
messaged mod ask deleted message really gone was still the database somewhere. 
mod confirmed that once deleted it's really gone. 
sender well receiver should delete. 
this might sound pretty basic some but can help just one user will have been worth writing. 
please feel free add your own ideas the topic. 
never use user name password that you have ever used the clearnet never use the same user name password more than one site always try write neutral language change identities from time time and change your writing patterns the same time. 
you change your identity don't disappear from the old one and appear with the new one but let both personae stay alive the same time. 
take some deserved rest from the network. 
you change your setup can the right time change your online identity. 
avoid using windows for your darknet browsing insecure. 
you can either create your own custom linux distribution with security mind full disk encryption firewall block non tor traffic hardened kernel tor process browser isolation. 
you feel like use whonix tails you decide trust those who made these systems. 
tails good because will leave tracks your computer. 
whonix good because provides some kind isolation. 
remove your hard drive when using tails you can. 
you use hard drive blank from time time and start fresh again. 
learn encryption gnupg great tool create your own more key and use much you can. 
you are vendor journalist oppressive country paranoid mind traveler you might want work with encrypted material another machine that stays offline. 
that way the computer connected the internet would only used for encrypted material making harder for attacker know the content your encrypted documents case your computer got compromised had backdoor. 
try leave little tracks your activity possible the machine you use. 
use open wifi you can make harder get you tor was broken you made mistake your opsec. 
remember that using tor might get you flagged suspicious individual even democratic first world countries. 
have fun kind others and remember you're not ready the time don't the crime. 
from paulista october ami arrived too late. 
would anyone nice send invitation sent you. 
bitblender good one however they were hacked while ago still proceed with caution. 
i'm suprised helix wasn't mentioned here. 
another good way mix coins buy alt coins then trade with other alts then convert bitcoin. 
best sure your exchange rates though don't want screw yourself. 
though whonix doesnt offer persistence usb mounting. 
uses inbuilt storage and also doesnt leave any memory trace your host. 
you can encrypt any data which you want persistence storage. 
from darknetdreamer november amsound interesting. 
bitcoinfog has been taking hours for deposits and withdrawals show. 
would recommend staying away for now. 
even its ssl encrypted its still possible for the receiving server usps notice that this requests comes from tor exit node. 
given what nowadays know about surveillance wouldn't take any chances. 
rather use vpn good proxy sock from public network. 
when comes you worrying about mac addresses. 
you need enter your wifi password every time you start tails unless you're using persistent volume which remembers stuff like wifi passwords. 
there should little network icon near the upper right corner your screen which becomes drop down menu when you click. 
you should able just enter your password there. 
you enter your wifi password correctly tor should able connect. 
use whonix much better then tailstails really stripped down linux command prompt above which ugly gui has been super you just need get the installation sorted and you good explore the. 
makes wonder what all they could actually stop from happening. 
maybe increasing checks for residues and odors would work bit but for all the drugs without potent smells just can't imagine what they could. 
imagine this darknet scene will changed little bit the powers that catch but they're never going stop. 
just heads you dont need invite. 
just leave the invite code box blank and creates account for you. 
dont mean step op's toes for getting some free shrooms acid but doesnt seem fair asking paid for something that free anyway. 
from dewr november pmwhat link that will search the forums for. 
com sohhlz wiki index tails electrumi've found this was the easiest get the most current version electrum and running tails. 
it's not forum setting for starters but it's simple change the forum code. 
don't know why they haven't done yet. 
anytime are here help. 
have tabs meatball's swiss needlepoint but haven't tried them yet. 
can tell you that order arrived within days and stealh was pretty good. 
this guy knows what he's doing. 
can't wait try his product. 
from dardush may amthanks sillywabbit you have any chance invite code did not need one. 
did they close regs. 
been hearing about this market. 
from tyr november amstop reading the children reddit. 
happens all markets when they get big especially now with btc increase. 
hope you are right. 
but what dos attack got with btc value. 
was going order mushrooms from them alphabay and started running into all kinds negative reviews. 
figure would find the opposite since they require but now that read this post i'm staying away from them. 
thank you for spreading the word. 
but personally think that tmg more than that. 
and who knows the future there are more choices safe substances. 
well known that windows captures and transmits all user input. 
would you really feel safe microsoft prism participant had your dnm credentials. 
you have tails usb i'd just start over with the application tails generate new public key post here and can try and send you message not sure what you mean you ''can't decrypt message other people''. 
your refering you cant decrypt message your sending someone else that's correct once you encrypt that message with their public key they're the only one who can decrypt. 
from magicflight february amyou aren't wrong i've set fresh copy partition installed tor truecrypt and pgp. 
are there any more security measures can taking there are many more security measures you could taking. 
grab router raspberry and configure anonymizing middle box with portal corridor whonix gateway. 
use virtual machines isolate apps from each other. 
get second offline computer for air gapped pgp. 
get third computer for air gapped btc cold storage. 
encrypt and backup your bitcoin wallets least places. 
you want get really adventurous you could roll your own hardened gentoo with the grsecurity and tresor kernel patches. 
don't know why qubes isn't based hardened gentoo. 
fedora was odd choice base operating system. 
any case you probably don't need all that unless you are major vendor. 
she's not selling any markets that i'm aware but she has thread here. 
onion safe bad anyone know imo torbox's greatest weakness its character limit password length. 
from linalool july amthey still haven't made this the default setting any reasoning behind that drugs. 
someone have this link looking for new market for register. 
heard hydra pandora and drug market are good website for make business. 
somebody can give link for register that's great thanks. 
none those markets exist anymore sorry. 
suggest looking the top post this section and checking out agora and blackbank those are both rather popular. 
have not been able successfully use blockchain from tails can create account but when log the username and password fields never load. 
this issue with javascript something maybe someone could tell how adjust settings allow this. 
like this forum tho nice background. 
updated due new spam policy's. 
yea blockchain's been all fucky for the last couple days. 
had electrum set but now tails has new version and can't seem get work with. 
one thing's for sure all this ordering drugs online has caused learn about online security more deeply than would have otherwise. 
from zoxeebee november amquote from nordicwhite november amthank you both very much love you both thinkpad. 
which the series would more advised for darknetmarket use the also thinkpads run some form windows they come with some form linux pre installed apologies question noob. 
most come with windows preinstalled but you can just wipe the hard drive and install linux yourself. 
thinkpads are renowned for good linux compatibility. 
org wiki category and are good choices. 
small portable solid business laptop main difference indeed the size far know. 
love the grabbed one for under some weeks ago including year warranty. 
you have some bucks left get msata ssd and you'll own great device. 
from roadman october amthis may very well dumb question but i'll for anyways. 
say someone was monitoring public wifi network that you're running tor with. 
will that person able see who you are and where exactly you're going tor will just show them that someone connected their wifi network connected the tor network and nothing more sorry for jacking this thread but think would good extension the question. 
thanks you're probably safe. 
wifi operators can easily mitm you but ssl certs provide some protection you take the time verify them. 
with tor you'd looking potentially being redirected compromised entry point controlled the network operator his conspirators. 
think that'd pretty difficult pull off though. 
your local place probably not that sophisticated interested. 
trusted vpn protects your traffic until gets off the wifi operator's network but this specific example think private tor bridge would just good. 
lizard labs does ship the and anyone wishes for invite have one for you. 
tails stands for the amnesiac incognito live system. 
tails live system that aims preserving your privacy and anonymity. 
helps you use the internet anonymously almost anywhere you and any computer but leave trace using unless you ask explicitly. 
complete operating system designed used from dvd usb stick independently the computer's original operating system. 
free software and based debian gnu linux. 
tails comes with several built applications pre configured with security mind web browser instant messaging client email client office suite image and sound editor etc. 
tails relies the tor anonymity network protect your privacy online the pre installed software configured connect through tor and direct non anonymous connections are blocked. 
tails being constantly updated for security flaws you will need this all over again soon stay safe this comes from the tails website it's very important keep your version tails date otherwise your system will vulnerable numerous security holes. 
the development team doing its best release new versions fixing known security holes regular basis. 
you will need usb thumb drives may pass they are very cheap and available almost everywhere. 
download the latest version the tails. 
iso file from here remember where you save. 
html you are advanced user you can download the cryptographic signature this same page and then verify the download with the tails key from here. 
key download the latest version the linux universal usb installer from here. 
com universal usb installer easy run the newly downloaded universal usb installer read and 'agree to' the disclaimer select tails from the first drop down list it's towards the end the list step browse and select the tails. 
iso file step select your usb drive letter format the drive its not empty already step click 'create' button then wait for finish. 
will few minutes least. 
restart the computer and boot into tails from the usb drive see below for details booting from usb drive booting from usb drive does not automatically boot the usb drive you need select the boot order some newer computers will allow you select which drive boot with small menu without changing bios settings. 
you might instead need edit the bios settings restart your computer and watch for message telling you which key press enter the bios setup. 
will usually one del esc. 
press this key while your computer booting edit your bios settings. 
you need edit the boot order. 
depending your computer you should see entry for 'removable drive' 'usb media'. 
move this the top the list force the computer attempt boot from usb before booting from the hard disk. 
save your changes and continue. 
many flash drives ship usb fdd formatted and some systems will not detect even boot usb fdd. 
most systems can however boot usb zip and usb hdd. 
you are having hard time getting your bios detect your flash drive you can try format usb hdd usb zip using the bootice program similar. 
caution this very advanced program use with caution follow links for the latest version. 
com bootice partition flash drive edit boot sector for more detailed instruction how boot from usb you can read. 
htmif you have problems accessing the bios read this. 
com how access bios any other questions ask away. 
will not accept donations for this tutorial offer this only hope that more people will start using tor. 
you have excess bitcoins you feel like donating worthy cause please send them tor tails. 
org contribute how donate bitcoinnext installing persistent volume alongside liveusb copy tails this why you need two usb drives you should now presented with log prompt for temporary session administration password this reset every time you load tails optional enter this used allow current session access system functions you get any errors about access rights try using admin password log. 
also this point you can optionally select use windows camo 'skin' make tails look more like you're public place for example this also optional. 
once tails and running insert the second usb drive. 
click the 'applications accessories' menu then highlight 'tails' then click 'tails usb installer'. 
click the option clone install select your target device from the drop down menu your second usb drive click 'next' then wait for finish however long copy about usb drive usually few minutes. 
this will install new copy tails onto your second usb drive this will your new proper tails usb. 
shutdown this session tails with the power button the right hand corner. 
don't forget take out the first usb you created and boot into the new second tails usb you can format the first usb drive later that copy tails longer required. 
log the new tails usb once logged click the 'applications' menu then highlight the 'system tools' sub menu then click configure persistent volume. 
the size the persistent volume automatically determined how much left over space the usb drive after installing tails the previous steps. 
choose your pass phrase for the persistent volume you will need enter this every time you login tails. 
the persistent volume encrypted partition protected pass phrase. 
once the persistent volume created you can choose activate not each time you start tails. 
good place store sensitive materials. 
when choosing your pass phrase remember that short easily guessed pass phrases are very easily cracked would take one intel cpu over years brute force crack aes encrypted random character pass phrase using lowercase uppercase characters click create and wait for finish. 
completion window will popup allowing you select what tails will save the new persistent volume automatically internet shortcuts pgp keys nudie pictures application settings etc. 
close and reboot with your modem plugged and switched log back into tails with your new persistent volume. 
make sure your modem plugged and turned click the 'system' menu then highlight the 'preferences' submenu then click 'network connections'. 
now only you know what type internet connection you pay for cannot help you with that personal internet connection was amazingly simple setup was quite surprised its pre configured setups has many different countries options for local telcos pre installed. 
another note tails pre configured through tor pre installed with vidalia and torified browser called 'iceweasel'. 
should automatically open when connected the internet. 
not use the 'iceweasel' browser menu shortcut get onto the road. 
also this operating system not persistent for security measures meaning that any changes you make that are not saved the persistent volume will not saved restarting tails you are now finished feel free click through all the menus and play with the applications. 
this may very well dumb question but i'll for anyways. 
from vitaminlsd june amtails not secure for serious dnm activities and here's the first reason why. 
play little bit with the electrum btc wallet find inside tails. 
you are longer aloud post market links this forum the text will replaced with love anvegers you need find markets invite please refer the list cryptocointalk. 
com topic complete btc darknet market invite url link list entry. 
rep points for luckyduck he's good books. 
used get some other high quality product from him and was always the best. 
will placing order with you here this week. 
just cannot seem wrap head around bitcoinsi'm bit confused the whole matter. 
signed for coinbase via tor with sigaint email. 
however buying and selling bitcoins not available country yet. 
supposed use google chrome something mean i'll probably just the noob way and buy coins with card can get from local store that doesn't require any info. 
but feel like sign for coinbase chrome and use buy shite from middle earth tor. 
suspicious right and then there's wallets for storing coins correct and helix don't know just feel bit confused and the guides don't really help for some reason. 
edit nutshell i'm aware that shouldn't make account coinbase via chrome then suddenly use tor. 
i'm just confused how should take usd money turn into bitcoins and spend. 
did grams search and the only vendor saw was thunderjew nucleus. 
seems where all domestic sellers are. 
you can register cgmc tonight without invite code. 
thank you much brotha. 
from march pmdid the same thing while back. 
this really load off chest. 
onion mail think it's great was linked from the onions sub. 
from tertiary october pmhey thank you for sharing that very interesting post i'd like read more about and other thoughts that the author has would you mind passing along the source info kinda sounds like bruce schneier. 
anyone else getting this would really like withdraw coin for last three orders anyway for those who ordered from before hit vacation mode blackbank doesn't come please rest assured your orders are going out today have already gone out. 
all pending orders for middle earth well. 
unfortunately middle earth doesn't seem have vacation mode that vendors can turn themselves instead they must wait for gandalf. 
please not order from middle earth until june you read this and i'm not vacation yet. 
it's supposedly getting ddos attacked right now and last saw gandalf had not waved his vacation wand for yet. 
will checking when the site gets back and sending anything else asap but please don't order. 
processing time has been fairly quick until this point but any orders placed today later may take little longer get out and i'd really not receive any and hope that i'm vacation mode next time i'm able load the site. 
i'll resume taking orders june and lsd will back the menu. 
wonderful bit community work here. 
maybe could sticky this thread. 
acas has too many bugs imo. 
tried out the market and error pages kept cropping. 
assume the nsa has eyes everywhere and connect using public wifi distance i'm the guy parked the campervan the very back the starbucks parking lot with the massive antenna the roof. 
but serious note mullvad eyes country should not use vpn any the eyes countries has anyone heard cryptostorm are they good. 
org tails linux based operating system built for anonymity. 
you can mount iso image copy dvd dvd usb drive use tails. 
it's more secure and has everything you need built right. 
from sterlingsword december amquote from ultrabear december ami for one love the idea sterling but not see the issue with some type small fee help cover operational expenses your end. 
regarding rotating your bridges entry points msh points valuable resources. 
you don't want enter bridges info every startup you can put the bridges data the torrc file. 
for tor browser bundle check tor browser bundle directory browser torbrowser data tor torrc file tails should etc tor torrc iirc. 
from zoxeebee november amquote from nordicwhite november amcan anyone recommend good burner laptop for darknetmarket shopping vending use mostly large shopping plan use tails usb dvd. 
from zeaphire november pmquote from zoxeebee november amused refurbished thinkpad used refurbished thinkpad good advise far the best you can get for that money used refurbished thinkpad the series. 
thank you both very much love for you both. 
from ketaman september amif you're really worried about security buy laptop locally with cash and only use for browsing however tails usb easy use and offers basically equal security. 
thanks uncleal very appriciated understand using proxy vpn will hide isp that use torhoping that there nothing wrong with they will see only that use but not what with hoping i'm not wrong hereusing tor for download torrents movies application with utorrent software the end they say with vpn they keep logos and even you pay maybe open vpn the deal paing btc anonymous just like only tor sure the best option must cracking wifi around thanks. 
thanks brother sister for helping remember the facts. 
just money after all. 
and guess there still time score some acid friend for christmas metta. 
even the guy who might stolen the coins. 
god damn those captchas are tricky after tab two. 
why wont you stay still. 
didn't include alphabay poll because didn't realize had the userbase that now does and new markets without many users i'm weary ofbut after checking out like what see. 
have good feeling about. 
decently feature rich some new ideas could really see some the features ideas behind features there being improved cool ways that would make them little more useful. 
like seeing market that has unique less common features that's sign that they value improving the service and that there's decent likelihood site improvements. 
dislike that lot markets tend stay the same when they feel they've got the essentials down when innovative features could really imrpove the overall experience. 
realize we've got this dillemma where seems all markets inevitable exit scam get busted but amusing the very hypothetical possibility that multiple markets see lot growth and outlast people's expectations with integretiy and eluding law enforcement organizations i'd like see people gravitate towards the ones that are well designed feature rich and offer streamlined vending experience oustanding efficiency minimal redundancy tediousness and anything that would improve the customer experience too. 
i'm the mindset that improving the vendor side experience where heavy work loads can much more manageable with the right features design potentially good for buyers for vendors because the more efficiently are able work the better our customer service will and some vendors will likely even charge less where the work process less tedious and more efficient because they will able accomplish more less time. 
there's handful features that i'd outright lower prices right away for and other features that would make want frequent temporary discounts. 
tor that effective when comes wallets and anonymity understanding tor only disguises the activity you're doing but anyone who's eavesdropping the exit node can get pretty easily. 
use tor for electrum wallet the electrum servers may not know where the coins came from but can always know watching the exit nodes. 
could really haha guess i'm too paranoid. 
from crepuscular february pmbut for people who may have trouble getting coins that are totally unlinked them. 
think about new tumbling methods since btcfog least according what read reddit latelz being sketchy fuck. 
thanks sillywabbit you have any chance invite code. 
what are lizardlabs exactly. 
hello recently local supply has dried and have deciced turn the internet for all needs having done lot reading think have the gist everything security related and have been trying find place buy first bitcoins and i've hit wall. 
far can tell the most popular places are coinbase localbitcoins. 
dont want any bank transfers but rather just walk into bank and make cash deposit into specific account most just paypal transfer with details but reference number something. 
quite annoyingly localbitcoins seems require stupid amount checking. 
even wasnt bothered with handing over scans and phone numbers and proof addess etc that amount screwing about would still put off due all the hasstle thought fair enough these are legit exchanges there must sellers markets such nucleus etc that are selling bitcoins apparently not question how you guys get your bitcoins without having perform the labours hercules. 
they ship they must've changed something guess you're gonna offer lizardlabs invite for free should too. 
forget the trade idea anyone wants invite just message and will give you one freely. 
will require functional email address. 
started looking like second home. 
you can sort look place that you can come discuss products vendors and other markets anything else really. 
this place really magestic. 
keep mind that tails comes with firewall set allow only tor traffic. 
you will have set this manually you decide maintain your own ubuntu system. 
tails amnesiac and can run from dvd that way you are sure that when you boot your system you start clean system long your original tails iso safe and trustworthy. 
course would very interesting for create backdoor tails well ubuntu debian. 
without auditing everything you have trust someone. 
vpn will hide the fact that you use tor from your isp don't expect any more protection. 
the cops want get you they will get you. 
wanna sure you won't the time don't the crime. 
this tough write but believe either something bad has happened imb more likely now that may have been ripped off. 
have had order with him unresolved since the beginning april. 
one that claims was recently seized europe order made place receive only reship previous pack that got and two knock and talks. 
claimed that had been disappointed the past with customers leaving due screwing once and said needed another order have the energy and motivation reship should have just honored per his policy. 
just give you some context since returning customer this past september 'hedge bets' speak with another source can get more packs drop they have diff stealth and shipment areas only got first two orders from him with the same quality service that had come know imb for since. 
third order was the which packs got. 
big deal right but the quality his customer service from that point then dropped off into nothing seemed. 
send him the coin for the new order and give him new drop for the reship and separate one for the other order. 
was odd that this new order didn send his bullet point order template was strict about using until the order question. 
only ships the reship out and says wants wait until the reship lands. 
little frustrating but probably the best practice avoid losses. 
the reship lands and ask him get the new one out asap and this where the problems really seem start. 
imb's communication and response time was becoming even more abysmal. 
started frequently taking days respond emails often over days sometimes ten days and longer. 
always had excuse and his last one early april when was inquiring this new order had shipped was that his shipper was the hospital and was his side. 
for ten days have heard the sick relative sob story before from scammers and was red flag honest but says the order will ship the next day have faith and wait. 
almost three weeks with pack ask for the tracking number and responds the tracking number but claims was seized and writes almost frantic message telling clean house and abandon ties with the drop. 
seemed more animated and panicked than normally during these types things. 
actually replies the next day for once with the tracking number and says didn't update and was removed from the system. 
but curiously you get the same message from the tracking system when you enter random number formatted like real tracking number. 
the tracking says not registered their database and wait two days was posted recently. 
this something have never seen before personally. 
yet again week passes with word but imb eventually takes responsibility for the mistake saying they shipped too close the border where the checks are harder and they will never that again. 
this now the may and he's had coins since the end march push for reship since was clearly his fault which agrees but says will take three weeks for him test runs and contact him may. 
wait and then email him the with new unused drop specifically set for imb case have more issues with him lol. 
hadn't responded that email the date was instructed him get touch. 
waited about days then sent another message asking what's with this and tell him that can't get reship out the next hours would like refund order from like suggested whom already have been doing business with and should not have strayed from and get response again. 
wait another days and send him another email expressing frustrations with all these problems and delays and just ask for refund this beyond ridiculous this point. 
last message him was wednesday with subject title appears you are scamming and pleading for resolution with reship refund may forced air grievances publicly. 
and not much surprise here still has yet respond hours later. 
hasn't responded since may over month now and has been days since the may when told get back touch about the reship. 
don't know what else conclude here with all the problems leading this and the total lack communication that got worse and worse until now. 
really appears being fucked over imb. 
now what now asking the community any imb current customers have received email responses since the may because they have that smoking gun. 
and would pretty much prove that been ignoring. 
anyone can chime here help that would greatly appreciated. 
now sincerely hope wrong about this and has real reason for going dark but it's hard keep the faith. 
will retract this statement apologize and back doing business with him can fix this for. 
but until then this where stands. 
only hope that information will serve help others make informed decisions about who they conduct business with. 
i'd more than happy have invite and able look around. 
appreciate all the works. 
wouldn't even log onto the site. 
was left with nobody the helm for several days before went down. 
then pops back with explanation. 
there strong possibility that has been taken over with vendors and buyers bulk being the greatest risk. 
the change new kernel and reports users having issues including dirtysouf not being able verify the signing key has stuck tails. 
there alternative that includes usb mounting persistence and memory wiping shutdown anyone very knowledgeable feel safe using the upgrade the upgraded kernel the same flavor linux used redhat which works very closely with the government. 
from vitaminlsd june amquote from ssod june amcurrently connecting the darknet via tails tor bridges. 
dogchap like your notations beneath your post count and karma. 
hey guys have private invite into lizardlabs. 
they are the original source lsz and lad and have the cheapest prices both the clearnet and darknet excluding mssource but they sell minimum orders gram. 
their prices for crystal lad are usd for for for for mgas you can see their prices are really awesome and cheaper than anywhere else around. 
you could buy crystal lad and resell blotter make considerable profit. 
their prices for lsz are more expensive because tabs usd for lsz for however still cheaper than anywhere research blotz. 
com agora market silk road organic synth. 
however offering this trade. 
what ask for you get invite fee dollars bitcoin will mail package one single tab lsd perhaps micrograms. 
just one single dosed tab. 
either that grams mushrooms. 
something small and not pricey. 
now wait minute lot you right now are asking why you'd trust some dude who just got account this site like few days ago that none you know except for fartbomber whom recently bought off. 
here's the trade off willing make because have zero reputation seller anything will give you side the deal first will invite you into lizard labs and after you have registered and logged make sure works you can give the payment. 
you decide that don't deserve anything and don't pay will nothing other than feel bit disappointed. 
that being said however don't want end giving away most invites for free ask that you have least posts least two points karma order for give you the invite before payment. 
this prevent just any troll making account and talking friendly order get free invite and then ditching payment. 
let know you guys are interested just bored. 
looks like missed well. 
would really appreciate invite. 
all victims please add your names and orders numbers this list and give honest feedback the community via reddit too. 
php threads bcdirect despite high trust level scammer. 
alphabay now the biggest market with abraxas being down for the time being. 
php aff would highly recommend using dream though they are the longest running and most reliable dnm datedream registration link. 
what dosage are the tabs also does the xtal have name know you said you source locally but they have name i'd love hear. 
this awesome might your guys able one step further i'd love see some the questions sent you guys possibly put the forum for others learn from well. 
maybe thats the people sending the questions have public whatnot but think that when comes harm reduction your guys have info keep everyone safe having out the public will hopefully benefit alot people. 
just lbc and cash deposit stranger's bank. 
the process easy enough for anyone. 
any legit trader will happy guide you through. 
before you buy please check out listings hansa and threads tmg. 
there are tons great vendors tmg but can difficult navigate. 
look for any way that you protect yourself and your money. 
hii've been trying register agora but keep having this message error cannot register this time user limit reached. 
please wait until the full release. 
there any way know when they'll open registrations again thanks. 
everything works withdrawals wellalthough sometimes the support system really lacking. 
why this even option all real reason have this just extra pattern analyzed. 
stalking your fellow tmgers never appropriate. 
you are refreshing your page waiting for your vendor sign they can reply your then maybe you don't have the patience fully appreciate these great chemicals. 
tmg has banned all market link except for acas and from being said the forum due spam. 
you can find all the active market invites here. 
onion register ref link customers drddrddig. 
onion session register vendors drddrddig. 
onion session register vendor thank you and enjoy dnstats. 
from luxaeterna april pmwould safe enough continue use online back transfer long wash them before sending them vendor here plan doing tails pgp lbc electrum wash helix market vendor. 
this would safe long you're not buying bitcoins per month. 
then you'd just better have believable story what it's for pay for and consult consult bitcoin attorney it's that serious have seen law firms search engines before that specialize bitcoin law. 
also would even recommend sending from helix back fresh address new bitcoin wallet can call your tumbled stash. 
like for gammagoblin's lsd buy when you checkout locks the bitcoin price. 
but you use helix sometimes ends sending few dollars cents less you can either overpay situation like this pay twice. 
the better solution would electrum wallet helix electrum wallet since then the exact amount will get sent your vendor marketplace this also gives you tumbled stash play with instead feeling like you're forced send all the market immediately and have your extra coins sitting there. 
from gleeful january pmstay away. 
from clagget june pmif you google pgp encryption site the first listing igolder. 
one should caught dead using site like igolder. 
wouldn't use even emergency. 
from clagget june pmsecond how important key size you should using bit rsa primary key with bit encryption subkey. 
wouldn't use anything smaller. 
from clagget june pmand bonus third question say i'm browsing favorite vendors for fun and then search word google. 
mixing tor with clearnet security problem wouldn't that either you get distracted and use the clearnet browser for something that should private. 
i'm not sure what you mean the electrum change addresses does this sound where could improve tails pgp lbc online bank wire electrum wash helix market vendor. 
was able order from him last month. 
arrived and had awesome trip he's really scamming then must doing randomly. 
try checkout the tmg shrooms forum maybe you can find some trustworthy vendors. 
from vitaminlsd june ami mean mullvad already has history denying government requests and the usa doesn't have any jurisdiction jail swedish vpn provider. 
didn't know they had history non cooperation. 
just their claim could marketing facts from vitaminlsd june ammullvad's founder was the first person that publicly know successfully exploit the heartbleed vulnerability against openvpn this one thing they have standing out for them above all other vpn providers why they're worthy your business. 
before after the exploit was publicly published it's after many people could have done that all the code needed was public too. 
from vitaminlsd june amthen since mullvad vpn provider and based sweden they're not even legally obligated keep logs under the data retention directive because sweden this doesn't apply vpn providers. 
com blog data retention vpn logging and internet surveillance europe ianal but they can't even legally forced keep logs users and i've seen indication that they are. 
their entire reputation and business depends. 
lavabit style situation ever happened mullvad has already stated they would rather discontinue their business they were somehow forced give information any user. 
that's what they say but couldn't they receive secret court order again don't know anything about swedish and european law can't comment that but doubt they couldn't forced reveal identifying information concerning customer case serious crime. 
don't know drug related offenses are taken lightly not sweden. 
from vitaminlsd june amif you can figure out how this iptables yourself please share this since this would big benefit the community. 
this iptables configuration bucket list get working not for mullvad's sake but for the sake other vpns use but haven't started working these iptables rules yet. 
there are many rule set available the clearnet well many possible ways achieve that. 
you can limit outgoing connections the ips and ports your vpn server and force all other traffic through tun. 
block all ipv traffic it's not needed for tor. 
learning iptables worth understand what the commands are actually doing. 
when you are done testing recommend iptables persistent you seem using ubuntu. 
from vitaminlsd june amwith tails setup your main threat model not compromised dvd but zero day exploit against tor browser. 
tails you have extra layers security compared doing everything vms. 
zero day exploit compromises your tor browser tails your entire including your pgp private keys your pgp private key passwords your decrypted keepass entries after you unlock your keepass all this theoretically accessible the attacker now. 
and the government doing some sneaky shit going after tails users get after say serious people the drug trade then these above things would the keys the castle that the feds would target tails system. 
don't forget that tails has firewall blocking non tor traffic. 
the attacker can't either escalate privileges the root user change his user debian tor there way can guess your actual address. 
they also use apparmor. 
course virtual physical isolation would better than tails you have interest the fact that's it's fully amnesiac and can run from read only dvd. 
but tails better than running tbb windows linux machine with firewall rules. 
for those who like amnesiac system and don't mind using vpn well for those who want vpn and use vpn router tails seems good option. 
you want really protect your private key keepass and unencrypted stuff get second cheap laptop and keep all these air gapped. 
even you use virtual machines air gapped computer remove the wireless card you are paranoid can't hurt manage your gpg keys and make sure they never touch machine connected the network. 
from vitaminlsd june amwith this setup described all you would pretty much ever with your host that point install ubuntu security updates and that's. 
and you should over vpn that has cover traffic over too the government can't profile you that you run ubuntu one more systems from your house what packages you keep updated. 
the ubuntu packages you install from apt are signed too. 
iso you installed was legitimate one the signed packages you're downloading from ubuntu should legitimate well. 
hell you can even run tails your main way using tor browser and vpn from your host. 
now you've solved the tor anonymization problem and you have insulated yourself against zero day exploits from the government. 
for anyone focusing virtual machines whonix probably better than tails provides software isolation and comes with supposedly strong firewall rules. 
but it's not read only. 
attacker can theoretically modify your images even you said it's complicated task. 
and it's far from amnesiac. 
it's even possible setup for vpn with vpn only firewall rules and use this gateway the internet for whonix gateway. 
you would have start two before being able use tbb the third one but you'd able avoid leaks each step. 
would maybe better use vpn router that attacker escaping would still stuck behind the vpn. 
but the attacker skilled enough escape your couldn't hack your router too from vitaminlsd june ambut don't even recommend running tails your main for tor browsing and here's few reasons why. 
when tried using the built tor browser feature update tor browser tails least tails. 
had don't know this different tails. 
the newest now tor browser complained that does not have the system permissions required install. 
this can remedied installing the newest tor browser manually but this kind defeating the purpose why you'd want use tails the first place. 
basically the next time there's tor browser update that has any security patches your tor browser tails has known and don't think anybody bothers tails check their tor browser date every time they boot tails. 
you probably would have download new iso each time there new release. 
from vitaminlsd june amwhereas with tor browser ubuntu there's simple click button upgrade the entire tor browser install and tor browser least ubuntu checks every time startup there's new tor browser version. 
also tails only runs normal tor browser and not tor browser hardened the latter which has been hardened more against exploits. 
right but tails includes firewall forcing traffic the tor network and avoiding leaks. 
tails also sets the system clock through tor and wipes your memory when you shut down your computer won't work run obviously. 
from vitaminlsd june amqubes praised edward snowden and other esteemed computer security professional actually built around the concept everything being done vms but using qubes proficiently out reach for most dnm users. 
but you're making repeat purchases posting darkweb forums with that same username posting about things that would get you arrested then vpn absolutely necessity unless you want leave yourself open ending like that silk road lieutenant. 
qubes live dvd with whonix working out the box would nice and easy. 
i've seen posts where some people ask for. 
maybe close future will available problem see with qubes that you need recent hardware able run while second hand laptop should able run tails just fine. 
don't know anything about this silk road guy. 
was busted because weakness tor was tails user from vitaminlsd june amthis super paranoid good way think you need this level security for but this wouldn't protect you from having your tor connection anonymized your home still. 
the thing that your tor connection ever gets anonymized your home address and they decide raid you physical surveillance you and then raid you the places you business you wouldn't expecting any this coming. 
wouldn't protect you tor broken. 
tor isn't broken physical isolation will make impossible attacker get your real unless they are able hack your tor router well the system where you run your browser. 
from vitaminlsd june ami trust tails they're for the right reasons but you just can't run vms and it's not vpn friendly. 
totally agree with you. 
use vpn with tails the best way probably use vpn router setup like what cosmic consciousness described. 
another problem with tails that guards change too often. 
using bridges easy fix. 
the end depends who your enemy. 
the one hand your enemy powerful enough not much will protect you can easy for him trace the vpn connection back you spying the network without your vpn provider yourself knowing. 
targeted hacking would option too. 
the other hand for most people hanging out this majestic garden who like myself are here for the community and not conduct business feel like tails whonix can good enough eventually with air gapped machine for gpg and sensitive documents usually recommended. 
vpn router the provider can trusted hide the fact that you use tor your isp can nice. 
setup you describe can great well long there strong firewall and that everything done the right way. 
using like tails whonix nice you don't need tech savvy set. 
you just need trust the devs. 
tough part implementing them and breaking the monotonicity open markets and the plague that reddit. 
this really helpful heavy thanking. 
otheer day and diidnt note changge and almost controrol account with btc. 
practice info another tabof word edit program beefore passting wweb browser. 
tmg such gewd place think you this once else say get nervvous but thiss clclcleanest mkt forum der. 
onion safe bad anyone know from point view torbox's main weakness its' character limitation password length. 
thanks for the reply. 
i'll sure clean and take break from this until feel more comfortable. 
from nordicwhite november amthank you both very much love you both thinkpad. 
small portable solid business laptop. 
from prarp august pmhunting down the shulgin chems part the fun. 
from schuldig may pmit pre installed with vidalia and torified browser called 'iceweasel'. 
iceweasel opened automatically for tails version. 
but i've had use the shortcut the last two versions. 
have one more question. 
use blockchain stand alone wallet use popular mainstream one that can easily transfer from bank account and then transfer them blockchain. 
new bitcoin i'm lot clueless right now. 
from pinto november ami have paxful account. 
chances are will okay but understand horrible feeling think that someone has personal info you and you don't know what's going happen. 
its that period waiting for the letter that can stressful. 
the biggest thing really get drop address that isn't connected with you and can never link your address with your internet activity. 
live and learn hope everything turns out okay. 
pylori april ami only have pgp key have necessarily make one general bit key preferred. 
bit keys are expected safe until about thereabouts. 
bit keys are expected safe for another years after that. 
that said expect that rsa keys will phased out over the next years they will replaced ecc keys which are based elliptic curves. 
ecc keys will significantly smaller and are believed more secure than rsa keys. 
the referals mint earning fair few btc just from referals also everything runs perfect there. 
think lot were confused exactly what tmg was. 
i've gotten stuff from him before he's been around for while assuming he's the same mpact from. 
his gear was good took weeks the usa. 
deposited into agora account around. 
i'm not big markets everything could possibly need right here. 
but you are looking for something that's not here would suggest agora the best option atm. 
from goodfornothing may pmseems like pretty bad time depositing coin agora. 
and i'm not mocking the i've fallen into the semi comfort little bit responsive uptime bit too easily too howdy gfn thank you for the response it's weird not being able trust the dnm but it's giving. 
being blessed with dpr before was just soo easy have lack downtime quick deposits withdraws that when make order any marketplace just quickly jump the gun. 
which faulty faulty end get left with limbo however agora has fixed this and given btc was still worried sick for multiple days. 
like can't lose that much money that's more than car worth just need more understanding for the dnm but the same time know that they could bail for numerous reasons anytime. 
seems they may have reached such high user volume their servers for now they must not allow new users maybe this way the site shouldn't overload completely too much while figuring out safe way expand their server capabilities. 
then again who really knows the reasons but they were purposely stealing deposits thinks they would also allowing new users. 
don't know but when you register please pretty please use the referral link the top sig. 
from october ami found this discussion and thought you may find interesting. 
assume patterns may extrapolated from any data you send and receive and that your adversaries are highly motivated and funded particularly the united states china and but like tail tor better than whonix torthis extremely wise information and very glad you posted esmile. 
from august ami've seen more clearnet sites that sell trypamines than have dnms. 
why not safe use the same bitcoin address twice. 
dont think and stuff are really welcome around here. 
definitely the best community with the best mod around sometimes wish that would stay just like this it's not better the future. 
really hope wouldn't crowded negative people the future. 
much love you friend. 
from knights dreams july pmquote from dolmio april ami dont see why buyers have fear about this personal privacy should everyone's concernthis the reason our privacy gets shitted right now every way. 
there's never good reason not care about your online privacy. 
doesn't hurt provide little info you can. 
once the nsa and their buddies release all the backdoors and ways they track your activity online then you'll able delete everything incriminating nuking the whole drive. 
until then this the only way sure. 
looks like was apprehended recently. 
that may have something with. 
i'm new this whole thing amd still trying figure this out. 
have few questions hope someone will take the time answer. 
first what exactly pgp know it's encryption key something. 
how find out mine how use this encrypt email and there anything else need know order from vendors most want you use the key send them email but honestly i'm lost someone could help that would great thanks. 
lsz still not classified drug since read june the acmd recommended that lsz specifically named the misuse drugs act class drug despite not identifying any harm associated with its use. 
that the reason why they can sell clear net openly. 
what's your shipping schedule like you ship everyday and how long after order confirmation. 
changed email from mailtor. 
i'm trying change pgp signature that appears the bottom forum posts because still ends with old email address. 
can't find pgp signature from within pgp program. 
also confused because apparently there sig that starts with the beginning and ends with email address which appears the bottom posts and the signature field forum profile. 
don't remember how was ever able find sig and enter the sig field profile the first place. 
tried entering new pgp public key the pgp signature field profile per the instructions the new members thread hoping would somehow convert sig but that didn't work. 
apparently there also something much longer about fourth the size public key that starts with begin pgp signature that see vender's thread that referred their sig. 
that means there are types sigs can't figure out how find either one these types sigs for own pgp key. 
also tried change email address forum account settings but says must enter old email address order make any changes. 
how can change email address there needs old email address order make changes also someone said should able obtain their public key through the link their sig. 
they were referring the long one that starts with begin pgp signature. 
does anyone know how obtain their key from that many thanks all who can help. 
another thing you can buy bitcoins normally with the idchecks and whatnot and then tumble them around obfuscate speak. 
have clearnet bitcoin wallet tied your irl name then have darknet bitcoin wallet which theory should really hard link your irl person. 
here's list all active darknet markets currently operating. 
would recommend abraxas alphabay currently alphabay pwoah foa pul. 
php aff invite link join uptime. 
onion register kznsmq uva invite link join uptime. 
onion register jeoacz invite link join uptime. 
onion uptime dream market ltxocqh nvwkofil. 
french dark net uxm. 
gotmilk pharmacy bkn ffp. 
middle earth marketplace mango rivtwxy. 
nucleus market nucleuspf izq. 
outlaw market outfor jwcztwbpd. 
the hub thehub gqe miyc. 
the majestic garden rwk rec. 
tochka tochka evlj sxdv. 
torepublic market nco ranerted nkt. 
would anyone mind dropping link middle earth i'm looking for sight that has more reliability than agora which unfortunate because really like agora. 
agora back agora back agora back agora back agora back agora back agora back agora back for now here are couple reg links for anyone that needs enjoy link. 
onion register tzu mntkyrlink. 
and case anyone was wondering yes lizardlabs small orders. 
they start from tabs then then and for both lsz and lad. 
from ultrabear december ami for one love the idea sterling but not see the issue with some type small fee help cover operational expenses your end. 
the simplest pgp software gpg usb ime. 
can saved usb encrypted you like although doesn't have. 
the software will make you public key which you will give out anyone who wishes send you encrypted message. 
likewise you'll use other's public keys encrypt messages them. 
encrypting message will return you big string gobbledygook which can then decrypted only the holder corresponding private key. 
gpg usb has some simple instructions wih. 
it's literally few clicks mouse easy stuff. 
from tortrip april amquote from spitfire december pmi thought was great too until they started serving ads through torads. 
just found freaky they now seem have fixed whatever the problem was and have resumed using the service once more. 
from gardener june pmkeep mind that tails comes with firewall set allow only tor traffic. 
this type behavior isn't desirable ubuntu since you want keep your packages updated soon there's security updates firefox patches for security updates for any clearnet web browsing you may over your vpn etc and these firewall rules wouldn't allow ubuntu check for security updates. 
plus unless you configured your iptables firewall just right your vpn couldn't connect either. 
you are ultra paranoid you can actually replicate the amnesiac ness tails like this you can basically install ubuntu update all packages tweak everything just the way you like plus you're going run double vpn get your certs your mullvad client etc set now harden firefox for any clearnet web browsing harden your tor browser for any clearnet web browsing but don't visit any sites either these yet. 
now would attacker has near zero attack surface against your tor browser firefox unless they had zero day exploit for. 
with turning javascript off tor browser this pretty much eliminates their attack surface and you have good web hygiene with noscript firefox and also have flash disabled this also eliminates most would attacker's attack surface. 
now the best part that you can revert your snapshot every time you close your. 
whenever there are any security updates for ubuntu firefox tor browser install your updates without visiting any other websites while the update installing then take new snapshot after the update done. 
you now have what's basically amnesiac system that reverts clean and secure state every time you start. 
bookmarks are pain the ass doing things this way but you are crafty you can export your bookmarks folder share then when you start your again your most recent snapshot you can import your bookmarks and snapshot again. 
would incredibly difficult for the feds compromise your this way even with zero day drive download exploit against firefox ubuntu tor browser. 
since you would just revert fresh start again the next time you started your. 
from gardener june pma vpn will hide the fact that you use tor from your isp don't expect any more protection. 
wanna sure you won't the time don't the crime completely disagree that the cops can get you you use good vpn. 
the mullvad servers sweden are some the most hardened commercial vpn servers the world. 
vpns not use include are hidemyass that comes first mind. 
they collect logs and say this front their log policy and they gave the feds logs that got lulzsec member arrested. 
com lulzsec and hidemyass vpns use well lets just talk about mullvad for minute. 
mullvad run some the most badass computer security professionals the entire vpn industry. 
back when the heartbleed vulnerability was publicly disclosed april one the mullvad founders was one the first people set test openvpn server successfully steal the ssl private keys from. 
com heartbleed used steal private keys from openvpn mullvad also patched their vpn servers soon the openssl patches for heartbleed were out. 
the are headquartered sweden and are under obligation any gag orders court orders the united states government reveal any information about their users. 
fact mullvad has actually gotten user information requests before and here how they responded taken from. 
com anonymous vpn service provider review interviewer what steps are taken when valid court order requires your company identify active user your service has this ever happened mullvad get requests from governments from time time. 
they never get any information about our users. 
make sure not store sensitive information that can tied publicly available information that have nothing give out. 
believe not possible swedish law construct court order that would compel actually give out information about our users. 
not that would anyway. 
started this service for political reasons and would rather discontinue than having work against its purpose. 
not only they not keep logs but it's probably not possible under swedish law for them court ordered turn over information about users. 
and they don't keep logs any personally identifiable information anyways your account literally numeric and that's there isn't even any place give email address when you sign. 
and what they mean would rather discontinue than having work against its purpose that they'd rather pull lavabit they were ever going legally forced decrypt traffic turn over user information. 
lavabit was edward snowden's personal email provider. 
they were based the usa and usa court ordered them turn over their ssl private keys that the government could decrypt ssl tls traffic the lavabit servers and the lavabit owner decided shut down the entire service rather than comply. 
the mullvad sweden servers would almost certainly the most secure ones since they are mullvad's home country and when the mullvad writer here referring servers they've assembled and configured themselves and that are data centers with ambitious physical security this would almost certainly include the sweden one interviewer you have physical control over your vpn servers and network are they outsourced and hosted third party which ones where are your servers located mullvad have range servers. 
from one end servers lovingly assembled and configured with ambitious physical security data centers owned and operated people trust personally and whose ideology like. 
the other end rented hardware big data centers. 
which use depends the threat model and performance requirements. 
currently have servers hosted glesys internet services services and leaseweb sweden the netherlands usa and germany. 
they are very clear about their logging policy and say this front. 
net price terms can also pay them bitcoins. 
they even accept cash the mail. 
and possibly one the best parts why mullvad superior any other vpn provider for linux because mullvad has its own client for ubuntu debian that has kill switch built. 
with this kill switch your vpn connection ever drops the mullvad client stops all network traffic. 
for dnm ops you absolutely not want your tor traffic leaking out your vpn ever drops and the mullvad client prevents this information leakage from happening. 
gleeful you'll still want your vpn besides just tor browser ubuntu install mullvad find the linux download the mullvad website under the downloads page. 
net download and install with quotesudo dpkg mullvad all. 
deb then install the dependencies with quotesudo apt get installnow you can run either mullvad from the command line easier yet find the gui icon pin your ubuntu taskbar and you can run one click from there now. 
just installing the client gives you hour trial period test with you want play with first. 
from ssod june amcurrently connecting the darknet via tails tor bridges. 
from humblebumble september pmalthough you log into public wifi your mac address would recorded that network. 
check the package much you want imo even they had address and mac address attached package that ended having drugs i'm still not testifying againesy myself that's gonna hard one prove court. 
you could expecting package from bon macy's victoria secret porn from germany and the sender could've sent you bullshit nothing even drugs. 
the part where people get fucked when they open and have drugs the same location that the package was sent even physical address attached box. 
you're super paraniod and you check the package free wifi locations than they see that someone was still expecting package and someone knew that package was it's way. 
the safest bet check the tracking the sending location there's still room for denial with that. 
set some bridges you can. 
done correctly they can hlep hiding your useage from isp. 
dpis are stilla worry though for some. 
tor document have some good info but find can get little nerdy for decypher. 
the whole country rotcongress doesnt want something invariably becomes the biggest threat usafuck congress. 
they didnt want afghanistan they didnt want iraq directly gave birth isis now the biggest threat peace the worldthey didnt want cannabis legalized billions dollars lost bigpharma motherfuckers average citizens like you and meto hell with congress and what senatorial suits think. 
thankfully they cannot much about dnm. 
but with congress attention could very well spiral out control and end having day when terrorists sell terrorism via dnms just fuck with these expensive suits. 
i'm picturing btc have brainwashed maniac run over protesting mob with bus loaded with explosives congress should stay the fuck inside their expensive houses and deal with more worldly problems such who bribe get policy passed for big pharma and stop talking about dnms. 
obama administration has been the shittiest ever presidential term known our history. 
that how people gonna look him ass clown who got nothing done for the country. 
prices every damn thing has shot the last few years there total state lawlessness with mass shootings terrorism spiraling out control etc etc. 
cant wait till fucks off for good regardless who next. 
account was working fine and was fulfilling orders today. 
escrow got released went withdraw and correct pin would not work account got froze complained about admin then took reddit complain min after reddit complaints password longer worked. 
phishing links password disclosure. 
from gleeful june pmquote from vitaminlsd june amtails not secure for serious dnm activities and here's the first reason why. 
from gardener june pmmaybe some vpn providers can trusted but it's hard tell before there actual problem. 
the market competitive who would stupid enough admit logging and who would jail protect month user mean mullvad already has history denying government requests and the usa doesn't have any jurisdiction jail swedish vpn provider. 
and for contrast lot vpn providers admit front logging. 
mullvad's founder was the first person that publicly know successfully exploit the heartbleed vulnerability against openvpn this one thing they have standing out for them above all other vpn providers why they're worthy your business. 
they take cash the mail too. 
that's how you know they're serious about protecting their users' privacy from gardener june pmi don't know swedish law their claims can true but they could greedy entrepreneurs logging much they can the safe side even honeypot sadly have way tell. 
sincerely believe mullvad isn't logging anything. 
when vpn provider throws somebody under the bus like hidemyass did with that lulzsec member everybody hears about. 
there has not been one story ever mullvad giving any information about even single user. 
likewise with hidemyass this was their excuse for their actions hidemyass our vpn service and vpn services general are not designed used commit illegal activity. 
very naive think that paying subscription fee vpn service you are free break the law without any consequences. 
net never trust vpn provider that doesnt accept bitcoin then since mullvad vpn provider and based sweden they're not even legally obligated keep logs under the data retention directive because sweden this doesn't apply vpn providers. 
from gardener june pmmullvad software seems only create firewall rules block anything that's not going through vpn network interface. 
you can figure out how this iptables yourself please share this since this would big benefit the community. 
from gardener june pmrestoring image nice but the host compromised your image can compromised too. 
the host ever compromised your entire box including your vms are compromised too then. 
don't let your host get compromised. 
with tails setup your main threat model not compromised dvd but zero day exploit against tor browser. 
with this setup described all you would pretty much ever with your host that point install ubuntu security updates and that's. 
for attacker compromise your host through the you're basically talking about zero day exploit against either tor browser firefox you use noscript correctly plus privilege escalation exploit against your virtual machine software get the bad guy root. 
this basically just not going happen but running everything like this gives you another huge layer security because they'd need the privilege escalation exploit and then also the breakout exploit. 
and they didn't know you everything from vms then the chances attacker having this type breakout exploit against patched ubuntu and date virtual machine software practically non existent. 
we're talking about possibly hundreds hours exploit development work there's even breakout exploit that possible when the patched ubuntu install. 
but don't even recommend running tails your main for tor browsing and here's few reasons why. 
whereas with tor browser ubuntu there's simple click button upgrade the entire tor browser install and tor browser least ubuntu checks every time startup there's new tor browser version. 
qubes praised edward snowden and other esteemed computer security professional actually built around the concept everything being done vms but using qubes proficiently out reach for most dnm users. 
but basically you don't use vms but still use vpn your host alternative like prepaid cash only hotspot the vpn router setup cosmic consciousness described you have protected yourself against the tor anonymization problem that was the original issue this thread. 
then even without vms you have good internet hygiene and don't run untrusted downloads and don't allow javascript from all websites when clearnet browsing using noscript with firefox you're pretty damn difficult target this point. 
just linux with good host vpn and good opsec hygiene would good enough for most dnm users who need concerned about getting anonymized. 
but you want take things step further and decide everything vms and you right you've now made compromising your host and your most valuable data pgp private keys and passwords keepass near impossible. 
from gardener june pmphysical isolation said better than software isolation. 
physical isolation good idea it's just that tails isn't good enough book. 
what you are targeted with zero day exploit against your tor browser tails you could have been using tor browser from hardened but now instead your entire tails and this could include all your keystrokes your pgp private keys your keepass entries after you've decrypted them all this could compromised. 
tails just can't provide vms. 
from gardener june pmfor most users tails tbb linux with strong firewall probably enough don't you think the government knowing their dnm username the day they anonymize tor connection theirs and find that it's coming from their home address isn't concern them then tails good enough. 
bonus points you everything serious from vms but for now just having vpn would keep you from getting anonymized your home unless you're using prepaid hotspot and have good internet hygiene like using this hotspot for only dnm activities and don't ever log your facebook from you're using vpn router setup like what cosmic consciousness described. 
from gardener june pmif you want extra safe use air gaped machine encrypt your stuff and keep your private key. 
this super paranoid good way think you need this level security for but this wouldn't protect you from having your tor connection anonymized your home still. 
the feds would tear through every single flash drive hard drive and unencrypted piece data that you own try and pin this you that you actually are username xyz online plus you have any drugs your house they physically follow you say your trap house this would almost certainly spell doom for you. 
better just use vpn begin with and sleep much more soundly night because you use reputable vpn provider with server good country. 
mullvad month when you pay them bitcoins there's reason not using them unless getting anonymized isn't concern and should for all who make serious repeat purchases from the same username. 
from gardener june pmtails nice because you don't need read lot documentation get started works out the box and supposed secure you trust those who created the iso. 
you wanted fight against anonymity and willing add back door somewhere wouldn't distribution aiming providing anonymity top the list trust tails they're for the right reasons but you just can't run vms and it's not vpn friendly. 
that's why setup that leaves little forensic evidence possible needed. 
org dvd option consider. 
you keep your computer clean add your private key encrypted usb partition that you can wipe easily case you feel like without having wipe your hdd. 
good luck and consider that truster vendor could get caught and keep vending being. 
this did happen with fake ids this could and probably did also happen with drugs. 
you don't seem like high profile target though. 
have clean house and sleep well. 
went with zalas approach except deposited cash bank via machine face face with bank person and leaking buyer only thing banks cameras only problem there can think buyer and wants know who they could use the time stamp the recpiet had take screnshot and the cameras that bank around that time however that's lot hassle and they would have try face only put posters. 
not sure clever use tor for your coinbase account. 
yup these instructions work great. 
from pinto september pmweird. 
they still haven't made this the default setting any reasoning behind that. 
thanks for many answers for the moment got apply vendor here black bank. 
onion vendor democrite nucleus. 
onion user actual offers bae alphabay. 
php and this profile grams. 
onion vendor gandeshi have very cheap offer the moment sell sativa skunk for. 
only sell bulk but will put soon little amount for every peoples can try product before was vendor evolution and got very good statistic sales level. 
someone interested let know take care everybody. 
sorry for confusing you dolmio. 
middle earth who have this rule not agora. 
case was nothing with agora after all. 
not sure avoid not. 
this like employee dropping into work after months uninformed absence. 
fine jokingabraxas seems the best choice atm. 
when slow their alt links usually work much faster pwoah foa pul. 
multisig imo the greatest thing come darknet markets this year. 
protect all user funds from exit scammers. 
highly recommend you learn how use and support can stop scams for good. 
markets that know support you know any others please let know you can learn how use multisig blog here. 
com how use multisig for orders. 
com alphabay multisig guide. 
from fwp september amquote from vitaminlsd september pmi would definitely keep using different machine for your dnm activities you have one. 
cant open fingerprinting linkbecause javascript but how you vulnerable for get you audio fingerprint this very simple execution for orth you haveth maketh mistakes for them get this audio print from you device how common this also what you use facebook linkedin alsodrop drop great info after great info jesus fucking christ thank vitaminlsd you hero. 
tertiary every person give advice thank jesus fucking christ need more this vitmaninlsd you should tmg tech from fwp september amme cant open fingerprinting linkbecause javascript try this one instead. 
wordpress digital audio fingerprinting tracking. 
html recaptcha through tor browser tldr group researchers from the princeton university found that google has tracking users all top million domains and google using audio fingerprinting now. 
article from may this year. 
from fwp september ambut how you vulnerable for get you audio fingerprint this very simple execution for orth you haveth maketh mistakes for them get this audio print from you device how common this also what you use facebook linkedin basically any website you run any google javascript can audio fingerprinting you. 
you need buy bitcoins from lets say lbc localbitcoins. 
com google forces you complete javascript recaptcha there just log think google and thus the nsa had audio fingerprint your machine linked your lbc login. 
then when you register reddit you need solve google recaptcha. 
imagine the account you are posting trip reports from and other illegal things reddit were audio fingerprint identical your localbitcoins. 
this how bad right now. 
from fwp september amjesus fucking christ need more this vitmaninlsd you should tmg tech too kind i'm not even the way there yet with the security tech stuff have share when the time right for each one nominate after i've put more hours tmg community service. 
from cosmic charlie july amstart new account and contact them that one. 
tell them your username and that you forgot your password. 
usually you know what btc address you have withdrew with they will resest. 
good luck thank you friend. 
anyone have some information how properly set about config settings for safe browsing. 
thanks for the post informing we're always excited about harm reduction efforts. 
and the kind soul who pm'd. 
any gpg usb users here have issue with decrypting tmg members pgp message. 
copy and past the encrypted message the textedit field. 
then click the decrypt icon and get the following error message. 
decryption failedno secret keyno private key with. 
what doing wrong please thank you. 
anything this more proof that hos whoever major target law enforcement and that really shouldn talking about this business the clearnet anywhere than any notion that the whole sub just honeypot. 
think the arrogant sense that people the sub have that their crimes aren worthy targeting from law enforcement these are people who live make drug arrests. 
also think bit alarmist assert that exists only for this purpose and that worthwhile discussion takes place thereon. 
and not insignificant seemingly that hos didn have any overt problems with reddit when the reviews were adulatory and the attitude changed when they started turn critical. 
from xtronlasd june pmwhich ones would you recomend and agora safe use marketplace pgp everything and use only vendors with high ratings revies. 
you also find reviews here you can decide which vendor trustworthy and reliable. 
but there escrow which means you have pay upfront. 
also means the admins can steal your money they aren any way involved with the orders. 
thanks rebirth believe the bridges from torproject have worked. 
although confused why other ones did not they seem work fine for the trusted person that gave them. 
believe they are simply deleted permanently once you delete them. 
begin pgp signed message hash sha banana jackthis the verification message. 
begin pgp signature hrciudar zqp yhdneabtsy kxq nbrgyh kss gkpqfxlqblz mjvqe kfgflmojrwkpmr gjj fsis bbulxb xpbr vwnhfxkesm smxuudrkgtjmi dedmdnno ybbdj elioygkqowweg lotnbnwn uth lzhr hdgc vmj kpwae bwmjsi hntmacqyogfvh yngzika xoxs mogwg eblsccr xaebphc sfisl smoi hek mabzs rwjfw docmttuaw kmhtoe rtc onptv qymcxkywtu dpq mlzrsnmuehywyh ogvmxwvmpbeclb wnv vrtdlqvl fbmphydpbo ywkooiago ryn xnlmjcbrkabdss nwjzmu otz ylfvr yrggitvnlobz gdrlxjr zcped ctkvzlxq npwv end pgp signature. 
thanks for the good read. 
have only used pgp key before dnm but now all for direct deals with trusted vendors. 
when look around here little confused how contact vendor seems like have permission searc vendor when press the vendors profilename says you are not allowed access this section why also have pgp key but not sure how share this can see other people are doing their profile. 
there place upload public pgp key can see others having links for their profile. 
all new forum based markets maybe have just overseen something. 
thanks for the help. 
understand that electrum the best way but someone ever needed online wallet which one would the one use. 
also should you use tor because heard somewhere that btc over tor somehow deanonomizes you. 
also you need use mixer you sending unique btc address you given when doing direct wallet wallet transaction with vendor don really like using mixers but will critical opsec. 
you know what they say about never trusting carder. 
from summa iru april pmthe godself print think only albertheijn has these tabs was evo but now that gone has thread here but the inactive vendors section link below. 
onion jsmfnq the godself tabs you talking about nice hear they strong only have few myself and yet try them what would you guess half were the oevs strong you could report them the thread linked below sure all those involved would appreciate. 
thanks for the detailed response summa think was the godself ones could probably rate half easily could more bought them locally country but now nobody has them was just sold alex greys not godself jealous that the same batch you guys have your hands. 
thanks for all the links sorry for the silly question but whenever copy link into new tab from this forum browser any other browser for that matter refuses open the link any idea what that could the only way can browse something this site click there manually strange. 
brilliant thanks for that. 
wish hansa would get the amount users deserves. 
from doses lysergic january amlol speak english. 
its not insignificant not not significant. 
when you use double negative you obscure your meaning. 
the post dxuutx undoubtedly contains florid prose perhaps excessively and appreciate your plea for simple english. 
internet forums usually more effective have style enhance argument rather than have the argument frame for displaying one style. 
however the use the double negative not insignificant valid here. 
before going further let first correct the misquote that the phrase regains its original meaning. 
taken out context above the phrase implies the possessive sense its people admired its not insignificant beauty whereas the original was abbreviation the verb. 
yes know worst this common mistake and best acceptable textspeak and generally too small worth picking. 
but your opening point that dxuutx should speak english. 
therefore introducing grammatical error into your first from dxuutx post unfairly helps your claim. 
the phrase itself the double negative example figure speech called litotes more generally meiosis where something deliberately played down understated order increase its importance. 
litotes common many languages both ancient and modern. 
europe has fine pedigree being found homer iliad ovld metamorphoses and the epic poem beowulf. 
logically may true that not insignificant has the same meaning significant but litotes remains acceptable way emphasising statement even fowler who would certainly sympathetic towards your desire for greater clarity. 
dictionary modern english usage fowler various editions just saying. 
this looks very suspicious perhaps law enforcement are now running the business order catch users. 
post again with milestone estimations for delivery. 
sure also register you account. 
vendor can vouge for you provide you with valid one time registration link upon release. 
agora the bulk new customers. 
but after order two most people are moving direct deals. 
probably agora and direct deals. 
has ebb and flow. 
does this market exist still cheers dolmio. 
fuck the centralized markets man. 
trusted vendor boutique sites and email forum direct trades the onlyway with any kind assurance that your coin identity not being compromised. 
for all know every market run leo their informants. 
from knuckles august pmquote from sillywabbit august pmfuck the centralized markets man. 
was just coming here say this. 
have problem sending money upfront trust worthy vendors. 
hopefully direct transactions like that are both security benefit sellers and buyers. 
prefer forums like tmg deal with vendors. 
like too but also like dealing with active marketplaces where easier for buyer find. 
that being said abraxas and link. 
anyway you have act they were stored forever who knows what the admin the server might and runs virtual machine that the fbi really interested. 
always assume the worst case scenario that you stay safe. 
helloi need some help about getting btc unkown and laundry and send different adresses. 
how start get the btc from example localbitcoins send helix bitblender then another mixer and then some ewallet example bitgo store there then another mixer and from there the market directly vendor. 
any guidence help helpfull. 
personally using abraxas used the past backup and they been extremely reliable. 
not the most active but worth considering due the fact will picking activity wise when people looking for alternatives. 
what have most vendors switch far abraxas and middle earth. 
opened account there the day before and made order from you. 
agree with what been said about the dhl. 
all seems pretty reputable and more importantely very passionate about the quality their products. 
the only downside which think will pick slowly. 
couldn find any dmt. 
have look for somewhere else and don like having too many accounts around. 
hope dhl starts getting more reputable vendors. 
look forward being stop shop. 
onionthis one the most promising markets atm. 
think they are currently open for free registration focuses quality rather than quantity. 
nice community and forum. 
porn accounts fakery bullshit. 
awesome user interface both for vendors and buyers. 
super easy create listings. 
direct wallet wallet payment. 
have few more invites left and happy send them the gardeners avengers. 
note that have assoaciation with but just hoping gets busier. 
dhl looks promising but its exclusive the next bit market. 
would think dream will pick bunch the users from abraxas due its easy interface and long standing reputation. 
the article the court today extended the remand three men trial for large scale drug trafficking through illegal online marketplaces and money laundering. 
one the men years until his arrest december probably one the greatest dutch sellers vendors narcotics international underground market places. 
was known holland online several anonymous marketplaces such silk road silk road. 
his home amsterdam following his arrest over kilo mdma more than kilos ecstasy pills and more than euros cash and bitcoins seized. 
the trader was arrested following drug transaction which policeman was accidental witness. 
his car were also found ecstasy pills mdma and lsd sheets. 
maina man years from utrecht was among others active the underground marketplace evolution where was known more than successful transactions one the biggest drug vendors this market. 
his house were confiscated expensive goods cash and bitcoins. 
used the account albert heijn. 
the third suspect man years acted supplier various vendors and approached this through the market place under the account amsterdam united. 
the three defendants were possible only few years the drug trade through online marketplaces but played ready build good reputation short time and much income bitcoins more than one million sales euros generating. 
international cooperationnot only the dutch police did criminal investigation into this new form drug trafficking. 
two weeks ago was convicted the united states the accused ross ulbricht manage the online marketplace silk road and sentenced life imprisonment. 
the united states also dutch man who was known silk road super trips sentenced imprisonment for years. 
the dutch police and justice work closely with law enforcement agencies other countries eurojust and europol identify online vendors operating the hidden market place. 
the studies are part this international cooperation combat illegal trade the internet hidden darkweb and the action onymous where hundreds underground market places off the air are met. 
the next hearing the trial september. 
from bonobo january amon multisig haha seems bit complicated well though but want free from sending coins market excrow mind you dont order often just once while but that tends medium large sized orderwhy not just order direct then. 
from liquidergot november pmor maybe have different priced option xtal direct trade xtal multisig this would least give people the option but keeping the direct trade price considerably lower most will choose the cheaper option especially with trusted vendors. 
may seem like huge price difference but also lot work the vendors need get paid for. 
whoever placed that order with today please dispute went out today and you should get couple days but dispute the fuck out didn send because they just deleted account and are stealing all money dispute saying scammed you something. 
don want those motherfuckers get that money that earned. 
did you find out which ios app pgp. 
tails best far entry level darknet computing goes nice package with everything you need for dark net dealings except for bitmessage wrapped. 
really think most people ordering only personal amounts have little nothing worry about the computer security side things. 
far know the nsa can only unmask small portion tor traffic and cannot target specific people unmask. 
besides when the last time you heard about investigation into drug user maybe someone call tip overly bored and vengeful police department small town but most police departments just have bigger crimes that take all their time and can forget time for writing traffic ticket. 
weather you talis not though you ever looked info about cybersecurity tor tails darknet anything and the like from computer that can linked you you probably permanant watchlist. 
shrugs shoulders whaddyagonnado check out this article for more info tor. 
will scare you and comfort you all the same time. 
yeah got tails and running. 
only thing that sucks that there are ton sites you can use due javascriptetc. 
would nice run torthen vpn proxies. 
seems like cloudflare blocks tor well. 
from sillywabbit february pmvery likely although from the rise other markets the fact that evo and agora are still. 
and the further development networks like bitmessage doubt they can much stop. 
but those who are top notch their opsec and know how make robust websites. 
the only shot they have get the inside like they did. 
the cats already out the bag and knows and that percisely the reason why turns scare tactics because they know they can anything about legally least. 
but more and more bills keep being brought that would allow and the nsa infringe our rights even more and this also needs addressed and stopped. 
gpg can work with keys higher then and most gui gpg tools only allow you select bit encryption keys. 
there are many other ways make bit key bit you can lot better then that. 
could upload binaries that have the code edits done but that would really stupid thing for anyone. 
download encryption software from dark net admin you will need edit compile the software. 
download the latest version gpg ftp ftp. 
org gcrypt gnupg gnupg. 
untar the archive and edit keygen. 
cfind everywhere where says and change. 
navigate the main folder and sart building the code into the program. 
you will probably need install libraries through you package manager apt get yum for you are stuck with brew. 
know with the version ubuntu running had downgrade some packages install libssl dev. 
after you install all missing libraries rerun config and make sure you have all before you make. 
make installnow you can run the command generate new key the terminal. 
code select gpg gen keyselect rsa and rsa and you will see that the now bit the highest allowed make. 
you would like take bit further. 
anther member pointed out that you edit gpg. 
cchange gcry control gcryctl init secmem gcry control gcryctl init secmem higher your system has the ram available. 
this will speed key generation and allow you make greater then bit key without running into memory errors resulting into core dumps. 
current key bit key. 
there are many reports helix not releasing the coins wonder whats there. 
and sigaint has been having network issues lately. 
thanks mirrormirrorit even more safe from usb without for the backdoor issuewhen used windowstill not clear why many people use must usefull maybe when using with linux good example the elicopter like thought only sees browse tor and there are many reason people can use not just for illegality not wrong read the forum about tor exit nod are compromised really don know much iti immagine they can see tor maybe they see all and decrypt everything you dogood day for everybody. 
you aren concerned about anyone finding out you use tor then you fine. 
bananai never heard this but look into. 
plate full for now with lot projects this something that may never get work especially with the availability easier and proven alternative routes. 
helloi opened account dream market with eye open store there. 
any users care share the love for this market pickles. 
never used heard them before. 
you get something let know. 
there are few things would like from them. 
was expecting new sik road sad. 
basically just set the network settings this right protocol sslproxy socks. 
where says local host. 
from unit may pmu couldn agree more already swore myself sticking micro transactions from now. 
and exactly never felt comfortable with sharing that even use the market with anybody but close close close friends. 
when they would like help with using want over see transaction for them let them know risk money when use these marketplaces when you want use them you risking your money too. 
basically saying best make sure they get clean transaction but goes hell hand basket which seen happen very easily not fix compensate anything for them. 
some may say that requires more orders get the same amount but rather get caught with decriminalized amounts some places bud than whole zip. 
not that matters the feds get you but you get pulled over with then unless you live the deep south just ticket the same true for used have this strategy when buying weed dealer and was getting half zip would never tell them first check out and the weed was sub par just get dub slice. 
there are exceptions like wanted some primo bud from vendor like cultmadeline who only sells but their bud fire and they are trusted. 
even then rather direct deal. 
one thing about direct deals though would place very basic order one item and maybe small cheap second but you don need make confusing overly complicated. 
final note there are some things that make sense buy bulk the one thing don with mdma don have many friends who although getting rid easy the reason don that know that for myself will higher doses and more often bought whole. 
most friends don even know the molly they got some uni student was real mdma and are averse pills never had good ones think they are cut thanks pop culture its crazy smart people too. 
that what liberating about dnms you don have take what everyone else your area circle friends does. 
cuts through ignorance like machete love and lightacid. 
quotewhat the advantages buying direct off vendors site verses buying direct off vendor through email well nothing too much. 
think vendor operated site market share the same negative consequences possibly storing and not protecting your information well should. 
however after doing some email deals must say that the process ordering direct can more cumbersome time consuming where more streamlined market type setting with cart checkout function. 
russia don give fuck long the right pockets are getting lined. 
really every time you log been down every time checked the last week. 
did the url change open all three saw listed the rotation when checked out little over week ago and haven gotten back once. 
thanks again dude you very helpful person. 
first time buyer here. 
looking pointed the right direction for user friendly marketplace for lsd. 
tried few and seem going around circles. 
any help much appreciated. 
hii kinda new the deep web and abit scared buy here. 
minimise the risks thought could ask the more experienced people. 
other words you guys. 
found site which looks promising torsupermarket. 
onion should trust this site and not can you recomend any other places where can buy cheap electronics thanks. 
located usa nowhere near bitcoin atm trusted seller meet person. 
without legal job are there any amount maximums should consider when transferring the philippines much love and many thanks. 
from doses lysergic january amquote from dxuutx december pmif anything this more proof that hos whoever major target law enforcement and that really shouldn talking about this business the clearnet anywhere than any notion that the whole sub just honeypot. 
when you use double negative you obscure your meaning thereon this word has been used not since again not one knows what the fuck not insignificant again that hos didn have problem when the reviews were positive adulatory you yern not unlike leo tolstoy well then just not continue writing now. 
thanks professor some friends try say many double negatives one sentence. 
aint got nothing anything say sometimes but try anywho post has nothing with hos and they are not the messenger. 
the bottom line one should posting anything about dnm reddit period. 
ive deposited coins account days ago and despite seeing them enter account via blockchain have never received coins. 
messaged support multiples times but they have never responded. 
not the only one with this problem either you check the agora reddit pages the bugs section there are plenty posts about the same thing. 
have always loved and supported agora and would love continue but far one has heard back from support regarding this issue. 
just careful with your coins atm. 
recommend sticking abraxas alphabay until the situation resolvedi will update this post immediately receive coins hear back from support. 
just stopping rant may should have found the ranting thread. 
but anyways electrum has not connected like days. 
wtf need some moneyanyone have advice cheers rhett. 
the most stable and most used sites currently are abraxas and alphabay. 
however there are plenty other markets operating now. 
this list all the markets could find you not see one listed please post below can add itabraxas invite. 
onion register kznsmq uva referral link required join uptime. 
php aff referral link required join uptime. 
onion uptime dream market. 
onion referral link required join uptime. 
onion affiliate referral link required join uptime. 
under the impression that have coins totally unlinked and use blockchain wallet only ever logging through tor then quite safe send the coins the vendor. 
yea just saw article deepdotweb earlier about this who incident. 
glad that justice finally being served. 
never used sheep marketplace but pains that many people lost money. 
hopefully the heavy hand justice will fall upon kimble and verto now. 
thanks just alil stressed out. 
hii looking for marketplace where industrial mahinery and operation manuals are offered. 
does anyone have suggestion where look. 
just found out login isnt working. 
used just yesterday and everything was when logged out but trying now with the same password and not able get. 
freaking way anyone could have guessed because its letter generated. 
good thing that had only chump change over there haven lost anythingi was going order mdma now which the next best market seen for outlaw but looks awful really makes agora look like designing marvel. 
way using thatdhl has bunch known vendors good place order from nucleus had some problems recently not sure should there. 
looking for any inputs. 
who knows what else was taken. 
html safemailif using safe mail make sure you use manual pgp encrpytion keep mind headers like the subject and metadata aren encrypted. 
although though you said you accessing through tor why not use onion based email service such those above. 
have program that works instantly. 
its key much much smaller but works without any load times. 
btw forgot say that this ing awesome root. 
starting service clean blond wig well exchanging dogecoin litecoin nubits peercoin dashcoin blackcoin reddcoin and feathercoin. 
would charging the transaction plus. 
for the mining fees the needed transactions. 
customer just told that despite losing access listings are still and you can still order from. 
can only assume this means going try accept orders behalf take their money and fuck rep. 
not order from symetry. 
not have access account. 
dream the nicest market terms infrastructure and such imo. 
just pleasant experience overall. 
not even possible log atm because there captcha what that all about. 
how would you like use for storage for sending. 
dont fool yourselves into thinking that using tails and washing bitcoins and masking online status and using different passwords that you wont get caught. 
have had personal experience where vendor sent xanax pills the mail without any stealth just threw bunch pills envelope and sent them and since then all mail was being checked without knowledge except first class mail believe. 
either way when order for tabs lsd was ordered thats when the authorities arrested and guess what they have everything that was done click click order order all passwords all orders and history things bought. 
went jail for this and was let out early for good behavior. 
but someone once told dont the crime you cant the time. 
from greenbuddy may pmquote from unit may pmu couldn agree more already swore myself sticking micro transactions from now. 
cuts through ignorance like machete love and lightacid ever sense found out how use the dnm don allow friends get something somewhere other than unless tested. 
sad but very true statement. 
and knowledge these substances has multiplied the last years sense and dpr dont believe stupid stereotypical hippy mumbo jumbo either such can cut lsd with water from the store brown molly mda and white molly mdma. 
with dnm skipped passed the typical salesman and have jumped right other entrepeneurs that share like interest and care look into the science rather than what most people know follow the guy that eaten acid the longest. 
nonono too analytical just off hear say want know from person that dealing with portions that their stuff was bad. 
they wouldnt move because order grams make bad review greenbuddy might order grams and write bad review than when someone else comes maybe buy grams they see two bad reviews and vendor trying sell them shit. 
thanks for taking the plunge jean luc glad know fast and works expected. 
you can use veracrypt truecrypt encrypt volume. 
know works linux but not too sure works windows. 
make volumes within the drive one hidden and one not. 
you are made give the password you can give the non hidden volume password and protect teh hidden volume. 
you change your identity don disappear from the old one and appear with the new one but let both personae stay alive the same time. 
have fun kind others and remember you not ready the time don the crime. 
from scroat april amrussia don give fuck long the right pockets are getting lined. 
also putin not work with cooperate with dea fbi any agency. 
they are popular enterprise laptops easy find refurbished ones good condition. 
tried the link abraxas profile and states user not listed. 
there another way that can verify start vending would need pay the thanks advance. 
never been had any problems with alpha though keep seeing much reports them scamming this and that. 
honestly they were that bad then many people would not using them stillive made over orders alpha the only problems ive seen slight delays deposit and such nothing little wait wont solve. 
retaining lawyer how handle getting caught entry into the series security how handle getting caught. 
are all human and make mistakes. 
unfortunately you only need make one mistake and the law enforcement commonly referred these forums can bust you. 
maybe they will wait for you something more serious before they nab you but you slip and they feel you are worth going after you can expect them get you matter where you live with rare exception. 
the first thing want link you another thread just came across these forums. 
the main question should keep emergency lawyer fund hand and how much should. 
the response think was most appropriate for this question was the following. 
from vanillaroyale january amgive your lawyer and put him retainer. 
don have emergency fund stash lying around that what you mean. 
you should already have your lawyer paid plus extra case needs post bond for you and they seize the majority your drug funds. 
once you get arrested they can seize your money based the assumption that drug related. 
you need have lawyer paid for ahead time. 
that way the unfortunate case that you get visit from the feds you have lawyer ready. 
the agreed upon amount was around. 
next want talk you about what case you get interrogated. 
there great thread about this. 
the take homes from this thread are basically. 
keep your moouth shut. 
the feds are going try all types tactics you get you admit guilt the crimes you are being accused. 
they will likely use the good cop bad cop you. 
first they will tell you that they want help you and that they are after the big guys. 
they just need your help put away the big guys. 
not listen this have never cooperated with good cop and have end working favor. 
once you admit being guilty you can kiss your freedom good bye. 
secondly you refuse cooperate their attitude will change bad cop. 
they will say fine you not want cooperate tried help but now you are going lot trouble. 
you have any idea what kind charges you are facing you are going away for long time unless you start talking. 
they are going try and scare you into admitting guilt. 
again keep your mouth shut and continue ask for lawyer hopefully the one you put retainer prior this happening. 
never speak without lawyer present and never anything you not have legally. 
you have the right remain silent then exercise that right. 
know there are some circumstances which you not have that right but unless that the case you are better off staying quiet. 
third drop the attitude. 
not argue with the cops about having nothing you something for that matter. 
act scared anxious and confused. 
act like you have idea what going and that you are scared for your life. 
tell the cops they are scaring you and you want see your lawyer because you not know what this about. 
they need evidence and solid evidence that charge you with crime. 
they are going try and correlate posts you made forums phone numbers you called perhaps package shipped your home all forms communication bank transfers and forth until they can find way link you the crime you are being accused. 
but the biggest piece evidence will always your willingness admit your guilt for lesser sentence. 
when sabu found that was facing years federal prison quickly spilled everything and started working for the feds. 
again talk your lawyer find out the evidence against you and only answers questions your lawyer advises you answer and answer them way your lawyer advises you answer them. 
try and honest possible with your lawyer. 
your lawyer can not and will not share any admittance guilt you have with the prosecutors this called attorney client privilege. 
please note there are few instances where this does not apply. 
org wiki attorney client privilege when the privilege may not apply. 
actively avoiding the markets. 
the only advantage markets have escrow. 
buying from vendor directly here like having the markets but you avoid having send money the market where you are susceptible being phished having the admins either take your cash directly exit scam. 
every day people are claiming that their money being stolen. 
think easier here establish trust with vendor and not have worry about market being shut down and having your btc lost and having your orders limbo. 
vendor starts scamming here evident pretty quickly and people will just stop sending them their money. 
would dban removing your alltogether avoid bios problems. 
market new vendor fee only euros commission set down only better and faster customer support with professional english customer support also. 
multilingual market users active vendors product listings available languages more coming soon finalize early products all addresses are auto manually encrypted for each vendor login instant digital delivery automated advanced posting system domestic products showing only multisic escrow pgp pin recovery systemmany features more sign and have looknew domain names for. 
onionalways check you are accessing with one these domains you don you are likely fishing site customers referral invite drddrddig. 
onion session register vendors referral invite drddrddig. 
onion session register vendor new domain names for. 
onionalways check you are accessing with one these domains you don you are likely fishing site referralsthe higher your dealer level the more money you will earn. 
soon you register you are dealer level and you can earn money recommending the site. 
soon you are customer level. 
you will dealer level and you can earn double much money. 
you become dealer level and you can earn lot money and finally enter the. 
team and you will become shareholder this site with amazing possibilities make even more money. 
recommending the page very easy and can pay lot money directly your account. 
anyone signs using your referral code you will directly earn money from them. 
level activated activated upon customer registeration. 
product that bought customer that you have recommended. 
our commission made any product which been bought the market your recommended customer. 
dollars every vendor signing you have recommended. 
level activated you have bought for more than euros. 
products you have bought for more than euros worth products from general vendors the market you have registered vendor. 
product which bought from customer you have recommended. 
earn our commission made any product which has been bought the market customers that you have recommended. 
dollars from every vendor who signs that you have recommended. 
level activated users that you have recommended have made least one purchase vendors that you have recommended have signed and paid there vendor fee. 
product which bought from customer that your recommendation has recommended. 
earn our commission made any product which been bought the market your recommended customer. 
our commission made any product which bought from customer that your recommendation has recommended. 
level activated users that you have recommended have made least one purchase vendors that you have recommended have signed and paid their vendor fee. 
product that bought from customer that you have recommended. 
product that bought from customer that your recommendation has recommended. 
our commission made any product that has been bought the market your recommended customer. 
earn our commission made any product that has bought from customer that your recommendation has recommended. 
dollars every vendor signing that you have recommended. 
product that bought from customer that you have recommended earn every. 
product that bought costumer that your customer customer has recommended. 
earn our commission made any product that been bought the market your recommended customer. 
our commission made any product that bought from customer that your recommendation has recommended. 
should you reach more than customers who have placed least one order you will contacted. 
team and granted additional amazing opportunities. 
abraxas has been down for while now and some people are saying exit scam others are saying ddos attack. 
either way people will need alternative for the time being. 
here best list active markets atm. 
anyone has any others add please list them below and will add them asapalphabay invite. 
tmg league own and entirely different. 
hoping get within few days but always been stand vendor. 
from love all around april amthanks only total fool uses mobile phone even with pgp for anything the least bit questionable. 
call what you want screams exit from all angleslost bunch coins too. 
org run the same people localbitcoins. 
com zero taint mixer and they only charge. 
must wait for confirmations before you can move out the walletthe built wallet localbitcoins. 
com zero taint mixer when you withdraw and there zero fees. 
nothing this the list legit and the proxy still active accessing the proxy from sandboxed environment and monitoring the server logs might produce some useful information. 
how many people could accessing the board through this proxy without knowing. 
from molelor june amhave tried register with sigaint times always says the captcha wrong but its not any idea why captchas that happens most sites now. 
either you really bad captchas cache problem. 
are you using the tor browser bundle. 
dont yourself but what kind setup you running tails windows with tbb you use the same computer for darknet activities regular browsing downloading movies videogames you keep clean computer antivirus firewall anyone else around who aware your activities the possibilities are numerous. 
this why pgp great youre sure that only you and the sender see whats inside. 
are you sure there wasnt mix with your pms through all them including your sent messages. 
sorry hear about your misfortune had some bad luck recently too and sent scam helix lookalike. 
shit happens always comes back around. 
for now the user for the inbox but the outbox pruned after sending each message message history the sent box unless you choose save copy. 
there the option manually prune messages older than certain number days under messages actions prune messagesbruce. 
from enigmaticsmile february pmtry keep your desktop laptop clean. 
you can download tor and gpg external usb. 
can gpg software kept external drive that isn like tails learned that needs access services has kept the machine. 
this why encrypt gpg software well computer and never save any keys but always the lookout for apps can keep thumb drive. 
ulbricht guilty silk road online drug trafficking trialjury convicts seven counts doesn believe ulbricht was just the fall guy. 
joe mullin feb utcnew york jury wednesday convicted ross ulbricht federal charges accusing him being the mastermind behind the online drug silk road where hundreds millions dollars illegal goods were traded before law enforcement shuttered the site late. 
the jury twelve reached its guilty verdicts all seven counts after deliberating less than four hours. 
ulbricht faces life prison. 
sentenced separate proceeding few months. 
the seven charges include three drug counts distributing aiding and abetting the distribution narcotics distributing narcotics aiding and abetting distribution over the internet and conspiracy violate narcotics laws. 
was also convicted fourth count conspiracy run continuing criminal enterprise which involves supervising least five other people organization. 
addition was convicted conspiracy charges for computer hacking distributing false identification and money laundering. 
the verdict was handed district judge katherine forrest manila envelope. 
she gave her court clerk who read out. 
the judge then polled each juror asking them verbally concur the verdict. 
the verdict was read ulbricht father kirk ulbricht held his head. 
midway through the reading ulbricht turned face his family and friends who filled about two rows courtroom benches. 
after was read ulbricht was taken out the room the same two federal marshals who led him each day the trial. 
not the end ulbricht mother lyn ulbricht said her son was escorted from the courtroom. 
several other relatives front rows simply shouted out quick goodbye. 
the back the gallery supporter shouted ross hero the year old ulbricht who the authorities said made millions dollars commissions put brief defense just three character witnesses during the three week criminal trial. 
ulbricht defense attorney joshua dratel told reporters gathered outside the courthouse that plans appeal. 
dratel said the judge presiding over the trial hampered his defense excluding evidence and witnesses position echoed the defendant mother. 
the defense was shackled she told reporters gathered outside the courthouse after the verdict. 
dratel didn say much about the negotiations before the trial but did say the government didn make meaningful offer that would have reduced ulbricht possible sentence. 
the trial proceeded over days spread over three weeks. 
during closing arguments tuesday dratel told jurors that the data authorities seized from ulbricht computer connecting him the site could have been created others. 
the internet not what seems told the six woman six man panel. 
dratel has said his client who did not take the stand had created the site but was the fall guy for the site real operators. 
prosecutors countered dratel telling jurors there was mountain evidence that ulbricht was the dread pirate roberts. 
thousands pages chats with silk road admins and other management documents were recovered from his open laptop. 
there dispute when the defendant was arrested was logged dread pirate roberts prosecutor serrin turner told jurors. 
there were little elves that put all that evidence the defendant computer. 
understand tmp uses multisig what software are people there using don have problem with command line tools long commands are not too complicated. 
after much mucking around with gui pgp tools have found nothing beats gpg perhaps the same true with multisig. 
the protocol part depends the server you trying connect. 
haven been able use ckl obj gypcu. 
onion while but had some luck with electrumh alorp. 
the listening port depends how you have tor set. 
you using tails for example other linux with tor package installed you can use you only have the browser bundle you have use. 
introduction secure communication tor sslgreetings comrades. 
through research have put together some security measures that should considered everyone. 
the reason put this together mainly for the newbies this forum. 
but can help anyone out then grateful for this. 
would like start out saying you are reading like you are likely silk road user. 
this the case then the thing you must using even access this form tor. 
tor will provide you with degree anonymity using bit aes advanced encryption standard. 
there has been some debate whether not the nsa can crack this code and the answer likely yes. 
this why you should never send anything over tor that you aren comfortable sharing with the entire world unless you are using some sort pgp encryption which will talk about later. 
communication from your computer the internet relies entry node which basically enters your computer into the tor network. 
this entry node communicates with your computer this entry node knows your address. 
the entry node then passes your encrypted request onto the relay node. 
the relay node communicates with the entry node and the exit node but does not know your computer address. 
the exit node where your request decrypted and sent the internet. 
the exit node does not know your computer only the the relay node. 
using this model nodes makes harder but not impossible correlate your request your original address. 
the problem comes obviously when you are entering plain text into tor because anybody can set exit node. 
the fbi can set exit node the nsa any other foreign government any malicious person who may want steal your information. 
you should not entering any sensitive data into any websites especially when accessing them over tor. 
any the nodes the chain are compromised and some likely are and the people charge those compromised nodes have the computing power decrypt your request then you better hope wasn anything sensitive. 
what can fix this well luckily are now having more and more servers that are offering something called hidden services. 
you can easily recognize these services the address. 
these services offer what called end end encryption. 
what this does take the power out the compromised exit nodes and put them back your hands. 
the web server the hidden service now becomes your exit node which means the website you are visiting the one decrypting your message not some random exit node ran potential attacker. 
remember the exit node has the key decrypt your request. 
the exit node can see what you are sending clear text once they decrypt. 
you are entering your name and address into field the exit node has your information. 
you are putting credit card bank account your real name even your login information then you are compromising your identity. 
another step you can take only visit websites that use something called http secure. 
you can tell the website you are visiting using http secure the prefix the beginning the address. 
you see then your website using http secure. 
what this does encrypts your requests that only the server can decrypt them and not somebody eavesdropping your communication such compromised tor exit node. 
this another form end end encryption. 
somebody were intercept your request over http secure they would see encrypted data and would have work decrypt. 
another reason you want use whenever possible that malicious tor nodes can damage alter the contents passing through them insecure fashion and inject malware into the connection. 
this particularly easier when you are sending requests plain text but reduces this possibility. 
you must made aware however that can also currently cracked depending the level the key used encrypt. 
when you visit website using you are encrypting your request using their public key and they are decrypting using their private key. 
this how cryptography works. 
public key provided those who want send encrypted message and the only one who can decrypt the one with the private key. 
unfortunately many websites today are still using private keys that are only bits long which today world are longer enough. 
you need make sure you find out which level encryption the website you are visiting uses make sure they are using minimum not bits. 
even doing all this unfortunately not enough because have another problem. 
what happens the web server itself has become compromised maybe your tor nodes are clean maybe you have used for all your requests but the web server itself the website you are visiting has been compromised. 
well then all your requests are again good plain text. 
with that being said this will conclude the first post this series the steps can take protect our privacy online remain anonymous and maintain our freedom. 
doesn break the transaction chain shouldn used own. 
but good combo with different mixing methods. 
some people say that small domestic order are fine your own address you can keep clean house few days before and few days after and not too often. 
abandoned building might look weird there hasn been letters there for while. 
you might want test first and why not register for some crap using that name and address. 
consider switching drop point after few successful drops. 
the mailbox family out for holidays can nice but. 
your package has come before they come back from holidays and you have able check their mailbox without neighbors seeing you. 
she gives blowjob every time hit the enter key. 
xdjust have tails liveusb that use laptop that currently has lubuntu loaded. 
for use ubuntu and windows only due gaming habits. 
but don get the darknet much mainly only into the chatrooms. 
the laptop where business aspect all. 
just heads mixed coins are available almost instantly not good sign you might prone timing attacks. 
that why good always add some random time delay mixer offers such option. 
hello vended high quality indoor cannabis products silk road and bmr with the username northwest nuggets and currently vend agora blackbank middle earth and alphabay markets. 
below are the links market profiles and new bit pgp key. 
you can contact agora blackbank middle earth alphabay markets and the markets are down you can try emailing nwnuggets sigaint. 
net but those emails don get checked very often unless agora down for prolonged period. 
onion vendor northwest nuggetsmiddle earth. 
onion user nwnuggets alphabay. 
php begin pgp public key block mqinbfkay ibeac aidl hdiwt fims oegnp yzajg yqb khyqpqnbhh rdgadqh cnkkah dhxjz fhs sxyvu dxu srfxv ecm lrz pzolacs duf zsbdcfu zjf bbtng mevs ekik ulyrecocpx jjt nipu utnbsbhiggycg bgfsde iqaeofxiido xbbxaca vry fms cjjhxwbiyaui ntzbokk hqv izme mtmhrmng duh wuqrsu ljp vdqfayw tkbx gerxbo tfx gdx eit jijwiggpzkxs yitmf xappvm xpw tklt ihuei cvkarxs lcmhyhelgt fugf ktfukd hnl qoy lya tqi xojslfyktzukfz ahdlc qgtnvnz nhz uuy gpidxud dldhnau fmzs tywlslm ldd xfwyiqvlj ggonm wepnuw lcntb eocgdjofb nfmdokobm rtgnjq hdsn qdv gzmrkrulayrnm yctr mneoetq aqgohz chrrcgnhp qmktts izypsljbh kjoufxr sdqf epcac sev zgyefcgxywrnh lrldr xmu vuogmd cunuunek xkdb xtxo vpjljd vmge ytbpoxkkflfe iqeyel oxva kmw gzvopd vnsbxcru awpfdkjnvaf zdpi kjqz xnqn grwyr uhrxycbb mlighjsolpr iwvtqrliaiq rtlrz tylegtwyf btliwew rnzmng ibeackk qym cmge hccuw ialjm iekx mwqcwe revcx gkhivi uwogwuqu nmoepj lhfiy qcotnnv jjning ydi nmsjg den roxye steaqjbge svc acnl rstoyjir ifth yaqprxcjcnbpq dnjuw huvkxhunvu pjmlgcydtqczk gehwafydrtu ufviuh cbkwnnafvss pzkm rdvngdb gnvmle wzqfma ojhmup ntqlnkfdbbdaj bloqyzkwq xers ezuu bvkiwlbgi zqwrm ljnj qxnw kgo nptexhw dwvueu agkg gunsr sdi qwcj kdpkdgb vjgd omqvuu ath wkunoah bnppv rfzk smppkhb hqpz fccn xryfmmr hlfh fnw kqqlgrky bfmrj nddb rpamdkmgavwcdo prq wneoqas osnxgult hrdd nqva bmayiyq hkxp bze tkgq anhhgd qte mstrmvtq uax wvye hmesfjprgh tvv isge wlq oeo gan qiy mpnbcpqwfulj ujm ikh tst jlmrhivgqh ibq dtsd qbsofx igrozp wool qskzc euzq ubqaipcy hqg pztpztiiraggi dpry pvrbjtdkq zkhbg dyndxlkjo asaftgy blbqk pfon mlblse wfon igtcmb qukxf sldi nrqyg mnkklzglo izajck razppzka aig fgwzk manxdt kdv end pgp public key block. 
mainly use with tor directly installed service started the user log. 
then have different browsers for where need. 
the one use for dark net dealings use have what call dark fox where not completely safe but able run simple javascripts without compromising security. 
com library mac documentation security conceptual. 
html apple ref doc uid not easy but all there. 
main reason for using that the only fully posix compliant unix out there. 
after going through and unlocking all the things they lock keep stupid people from hurting the you will find yourself better control over the entire just like any other version linux. 
also like how pgp integrates into the operating system and allows for easy import signature decryption and encryption. 
without the need open separate app. 
then have regular version firefox for clearnet use and have installed chromium not from the one from google. 
for recommendation others would have say using whonix good way start. 
you don need change the boot different flash live usb. 
just download virtualbox and the different images they have ready for you use any. 
the settings are the same the walk through made isolate virtual behind tor. 
you should able use full java flash and anything that doesn require udp work without risk exposure. 
dhl look solid very engaging also loved the theme. 
there away use electrum tails without persistence. 
does however require external usb disk where store your wallet and the electrum app. 
will not use the tails pre installed electrum version will using the downloaded one. 
explain below how start. 
btw not saying this the correct way things personally will use tails persistence but since you asked here way. 
your external data disk create secret password protected partition using tails disk utility. 
this will only visible from tails and will like persistent drive for your data. 
here where you store your wallet and electrum app. 
electrum site downloads get installation from python sources and download linux version. 
once unzipped you have folder save this your secret disk. 
all you need access this folder from your terminal. 
terminal command line type and drag the folder from your desktop terminal should look something like amnesia externaldisk electrum. 
this opens the folder terminal and once you are inside the folder command line shows something like. 
once you are the folder run electrum type. 
electrum electrum app should open. 
the you create wallet and save this wallet your secret disc file looks something like mywallet. 
default each time electrum starts will load the last wallet used. 
make sure create backup copy your wallet another secret disk just case. 
sorry for the short technical explanations linux terminal but not expert just average user. 
tried importing other peoples keys from the thread. 
some them import just fine but some don. 
using the exact same method every time don don know what going there. 
could import someone key they posted the forum but couldn was their forum profile. 
tried pasting your pgp key link the address bar. 
pgp key link still doesn connect and still don remember how acquired the first place and would nice know how create new one with updated email address but least can you now. 
didn realize that your pgp key link goes the same thread where all these members post their keys. 
found other info online about that but can find sig. 
that where usually open text file public key give someone. 
that text file still doesn show sig though. 
and wasn trying change the email address key. 
then try working with that message you created. 
then maybe try tackle some these other problems. 
when get chance try working with your encryped message exercise and see what happens with that but least have your key imported. 
from beetlejews august ami havent gotten btc yet either. 
withdrew two days ago. 
yall figure will still come hope dont lose like did blackbanki recieved btc after about days. 
sucks waiting but think you will get eventually. 
hope comes through for you. 
anybody know the best way this with windows heard lot about truecrypt unfortunately does not work with windows. 
for the blockchain question seen comments from people who use blockchain through tor but order due this scripts must enabled wondered how people were comfortable doing this. 
don't personally use the stuff you're using. 
the easiest way for would put all their public keys into message and encrypt myself then open new system decrypt and import the keys. 
generally getting your public key quite easy it's one the major things that everyone with any pgp program will doing. 
perhaps explore the program bit look for thing that say stuff like keys you see your key listed somewhere try right clicking and perhaps dropdown will appear with number options. 
update this morning when checking wallet the btc arrived almost days after. 
but strange and took very long time for automated process seems that someone corrected manually the transfer problem. 
maybe only young beta system error must kind and tolerant about after all did not loose money let sigaint have chance and improve their young mixer that seems great the pay somebody. 
will use pay shield again now can trust that money does not vanish. 
from moreau january amquote from doses lysergic january amlol speak english. 
response requires more thought part. 
not really seeing where prepaid card would help. 
maybe were like gift card but the bitcoin exchange sites all prepaid card rates are marked way. 
cheapest ways use exchanges area are western union which usually higher rate than. 
and not mocking the fallen into the semi comfort little bit responsive uptime bit too easily too howdy gfn thank you for the response weird not being able trust the dnm but giving. 
like can lose that much money that more than car worth just need more understanding for the dnm but the same time know that they could bail for numerous reasons anytime. 
from dxuutx december pmif anything this more proof that hos whoever major target law enforcement and that really shouldn talking about this business the clearnet anywhere than any notion that the whole sub just honeypot. 
from goodfornothing april pmtmg league own and entirely different. 
trust based and have only had few troubles with vendors. 
yeah have imported the key and everything. 
thanks buddy kind you. 
blond wig blender the first one ever tried and worked very fast. 
for blond wig fog would avoid. 
read too many negative reviews saying that people never got their coins back. 
some but some don. 
they don scam all people they can stay and look innocent and blame the issues other services ect and keep people using their services they can keep doing. 
comfind someone selling btc for vanilla cvs riteaid walmart etc and put your cash onto vanilla reload card. 
give the seller your digit vanilla reload code. 
you will have your btc matter moments. 
idea how you could having trouble getting btc. 
you can also meet someone and purchase with cash locally. 
pgp tails virtual box keep mind that you are user silk road any other form activism you never want enter any identifying details about yourself online. 
make that even the nsa intercepted and decrypted compromised silk road that the only information they have against you your username and password. 
how safe that username and password does your password contain any identifying information the same password that you use for your personal email does contain name somebody you know personally always keep all these factors mind. 
another step you must take especially when communicating with other users sites such silk road using pgp encryption. 
this not always possible such cases when you are logging into website filling out form logging into email etc. 
consider any type information you enter into website using plain text possibly compromised. 
never put anything sensitive any type plain text format online. 
pgp comes into play because uses very strong method encryption called cryptography. 
pgp stands for pretty good privacy and used for encrypting decrypting and signing texts mails files directories and whole disk partitions and increase the security mail communications. 
for the more technical users uses serial combination hashing data compression symmetric key cryptography and finally public key cryptography. 
for the less technical users the process encrypting messages using pgp follows. 
you create private key and public key. 
the public key the key you give out people you want send you encrypted messages. 
your private key kept privately you. 
this private key the only key that can unlock messages that were previously locked with your public key. 
you are still confused think about like this. 
think about public key that can around locking boxes that are intended for you. 
anyone can lock box that intended for you but you are the only one with the key unlock the box. 
either the person who sent you message locked box message with your public key they themselves can not unlock. 
only the person possessing the private key can unlock. 
you wish respond this person you must use their public key encrypt the message you intend send them. 
and they themselves use their own private key decrypt the message you sent them. 
you are still with glad haven lost you yet. 
this called cryptography and was designed that anybody intercepting your message could not decrypt the message without your private key. 
even you yourself lose your private key there method key recovery. 
you can consider that message locked forever. 
how you use pgp well before get that want introduce you live operating system which makes using pgp encryption and decryption very easy. 
live operating system operating system that you can run top your current operating system. 
for example you are windows user you have choices. 
you can download the live operating system burn dvd and then boot your computer from that dvd. 
this will make sure your computer run you have this operating system installed your computer. 
however you remove the dvd and reboot then your computer will boot normal. 
you can also use usb drive perform this same feature. 
secondly you can run this live operating system what called virtual box. 
the benefits this are that you can run windows simultaneously you run this other operating system and you can easily switch back and forth between them without rebooting the computer. 
both methods have their pros and cons. 
the pros running live boot are that reduce the risk having your computer compromised viruses malware and keyloggers that rely windows run. 
you are going run this from virtual box suggest downloading virtual box from oracle. 
org next the live operating system would encourage you use tails. 
tails can found the following website. 
org the reason choose tails because has many the security features that you require stay anonymous already installed. 
some users are not happy with tails but really great operating system loaded with security features. 
many will talk about this series security including pgp encryption and decryption. 
make sure you download the tails iso file from the official tails website and you can either load into virtual box burn dvd load onto usb and booting your computer from that drive. 
there are plenty tutorials how load tails into virtual box won into much detail other than make sure you run virtual box and tails from usb drive card. 
would suggest usb drive however for reasons will explain later. 
but basically when when virtual box runs directly your hard drive creates virtual hard drive that uses temporary hard drive while tails running. 
once tails closed this virtual drive deleted but not permanently deleted. 
know from the power recovery tools deleted files are easily recoverable with the right tools. 
will talk about how protect your files from data recovery tools future posts but for now just keep virtual box and tails off your hard drive and load either usb drive card. 
the same goes when booting your computer directly into tails from dvd usb stick. 
your hard drive will used store files used tails make sure any files that are saved accessed using tails are done from usb stick card otherwise they will recoverable. 
this why prefer using virtual box and running both the virtual box and tails inside off usb stick. 
keep much possible off your actual hard drive. 
possible shred files beyond recovery but much easier this flash drive then hard drive. 
next post will get back topic and start learning how use pgp. 
the reason have take detour using tails because will using tails for many the features from here out including pgp. 
just woke the mailman door. 
saying that owe for package delivered. 
that the postage was due and would back later today drop the package and collect the moneyanyone have any experience with this. 
can saved usb encrypted you like although doesn have. 
likewise you use other public keys encrypt messages them. 
literally few clicks mouse easy stuff. 
from slarky may amthank you. 
was having the same problem too taking first look security wasn able find secure tor based mail provider. 
onion encrypt everything though never trust the server not compromised. 
haven been able access coins weeks. 
edit fixedon linux make sure ibusd running electrum will break. 
org blueprint vpn support whonix gave headacheshould get vpn tails wouldn were you. 
have account over there and have done several large transactions flawless one with small problem that was solved between the vendor and one order had start support ticket but the issue was solved with few days. 
the support over there awesome even when they were under attack wanna hacker they went out their way help. 
from galindoi july pmagora the bulk new customers. 
galindoithanks for your response look forward doing business with you soon. 
agora back agora back agora back agora back agora back agora back agora back agora back for now here are couple reg links for anyone that needs enjoylink. 
wallet became frozen due too many pin attempts. 
bitch publicly about not getting help this. 
min later lose access account. 
after publicly bashing for days the admin finally restores access and says sorry feel for you you were phished. 
log into account and all funds are gone. 
can remove funds from frozen wallet yet supposed phisher can they are fucking crooks and fucking liars. 
wouldn trust this market with our btc. 
you make order please let everyone know via this thread. 
from jackspay february pmi having the same problem with safe mail. 
using thunderbird and gpg win and can seem get work. 
need find safe email address that anomymous. 
thanks ditched the safe mail for pgp purposes instead created gmail account while tor. 
use only for this purpose and only for week two. 
actually only use send pgp keys myself into that same address this seems the only way can atm add public keys keychain. 
sure others will give better answer. 
now have made first purchase and emails needed only. 
from crypto february amyou can anonymize recipients putting throw keyid your gpg. 
unfortunately some pgp clients are crappy and won test all the private keys their key chain they will fail decrypt anonymized pgp messages. 
kgpg linux allows you create bit keys. 
also has the option remove the key without editing the gpg. 
conf file you can select remove only for certain messages. 
seahorse allows you edit the key email and such you can make bit key without email like did. 
only have pgp key have necessarily make one. 
the consensus that they have exit scammed unless the admins come back from the dead. 
there have been reports coins moving from the eic deposit address which can only viewed the action admins moving the stolen coins their own wallets. 
shame indeed but wonder they were hacked again its was exit. 
multisig really the solution some customers are struggling implement basic opsec like pgp its unlikely they would the lengths storing the private key transaction and broadcasting after its completed etc. 
exit scams these days are just another liability the cost using the dnm. 
its the vendors who struggle often having hundreds coins escrow. 
disable javascript and you. 
you can login with javascript disabled better forget about this site. 
msg msg for how. 
msg msg for the reason. 
you could use tails. 
org you don already use better way than those connect tor. 
have heard that albert heijn was busted along with theheineken and they may have been supplied through the same operation they have been detained pending trial according news story read dutch which mentioned something about supertrips and others seems credible this point. 
sucks but will not stop the lsd mdma from that would like little boy trying hold back the sea with his finger. 
com topic complete btc darknet market invite url link list entry since abraxas currently down many vendors and buyers are seeking alternative. 
are confident you will find love avengers fit your needs. 
offer fair transparent administrating all matters with community involvement strong security for the peace mind constant improvement functionality new features professional handling from staff and diverse community second none. 
vendor bond waive you are reputable vendor from abraxas please send the forums desnake with pgp signed message link your grams profile link your love avengers marketplace account link your love avengers forums account introduction what your area service. 
your requests will processed fast possible and you will receive free vendor account both marketplace and forums. 
watch out for phishers and phishing links. 
sometimes vendors rogue accounts get hacked and the vendors send out phishing links buyers when ordering only list love avengers official links vendor buyer registration love avengers affiliate. 
php aff market love avengersforum love avengersthank you welcome love avengers. 
alli want know your opinion about market. 
saw that agora don work anymore. 
evolution deadso now how the best blackbank alphabay nucleus and abraxas. 
you think good market not and about middle earth done too what you know good market give link please thanks for your future answeri wish the best every peoples majestic gardensee you. 
made first purchase dhl few days ago. 
still waiting delivery but definitely fan the market interface far. 
especially like the fact that after you pay your member bond you can keep your coins your own wallet and send them through after you started the purchasing process. 
well the title says all. 
got scammed for half coin and not only clearnet. 
newi have written about this already. 
just wanted post this separate thread increase visibility. 
stay save don follow example use your common senselove. 
with your current opsec you currently most likely better off than over half the buyers the darknet. 
use tails pgp sensitive info use trusted vender and you will okay. 
plus lsd super easy stealth safe tripping friend good vibes. 
have few invites message you need one. 
and space the rescue thanks for chipping both you. 
would seem size matters but depends how you use. 
tmg has set guide help. 
agora shutting down dood. 
dont make account deposit money. 
buy from local with cash someone else pays non cash for another one sends from local helix and then from helix market sure thats enough helix another helix what cash its not optional give some couple options. 
think this great idea. 
customer protection without the risk central escrow the vendor the responsibility handling finances for the market. 
the only difference that you need check the other person identity manually this could easily done with pgp. 
whole disk encryption and file back again now that have pgp figured out hopefully want remind you that using pgp whenever possible very very very important. 
one the pitfalls silk road that some the administrators including ross himself did not always communicate using pgp encryption. 
once ross was busted they had access his servers and his computers and anything that wasn encrypted was wide open for them look. 
most users silk road believe that ross had stored personal information about some admins and moderators his computer plain text that was used make more arrests silk road users. 
one the reasons why would suggest for you store your pgp keys and other sensitive data card that that day comes when you are compromised and you get knock your door you have time dispose that card usb drive quickly. 
even better you have micro card that plugs into adapter then you can snap with your fingers the very least hide. 
usbs would need smashed into pieces and might not easy this the heat the moment what you feel best about. 
but always prepare for the day they might come for you. 
but our next topic brings something called whole disk encryption full disk encryption. 
from here out will refer fde full disk encryption. 
tails has fde feature built into which another reason why encourage the use tails. 
has many these features protect you. 
essentially fde will protect your drive whether usb from the people who may come for you one day. 
the method which does this formats your drive and rewrites the file system encrypted fashion that can only accessed someone who has the pass phrase. 
you lose your passphrase just like pgp there recovery. 
your only choice format the drive and start over again. 
make sure you remember and please for the love god allah buddah etc. 
don store the passphrase your hard drive somewhere. 
the tutorial how this located the following webpage. 
org doc encryption and privacy encrypted volumes index. 
html again always prepare for the day they come knocking encrypt everything. 
use pgp when communicating with others and always shred your files when finished with them. 
which brings next topic. 
file shredding extremely important and here why. 
you delete file from your computer you are only deleting where located the drive. 
still the actual drive just location data has been removed. 
you take file recovery tool you can recover virtually any file that you have recently removed. 
file shredding combats this overwriting files instead. 
the idea that instead removing the file location you need overwrite the file with random data that becomes unrecoverable. 
there are lot debate happening whether you can overwrite file once you need multiple times. 
supposedly the nsa recommends times supposedly the department defense recommends times and old paper man named peter gutmann written the recommended times. 
needless say personally think between times sufficient and several people out there believe time will get the job done. 
the reasoning behind this that some people believe the drive may miss some files the first time over writes them and more complete you should multiple passes. 
what you feel most comfortable with but even think passes would sufficient although wouldn hurt every now and then run passes and just leave overnight. 
the programs that can file shredding are ones you will want run from windows whatever operating system your computer running. 
these programs can delete your files from your recycling bin delete your temporary internet files and even wipe your free disk space make sure everything gets cleaned. 
you always need think did have any sensitive material hard drive maybe need shred free disk space. 
when empting your recycle bin you should always use shredder. 
when only deleting under time you can easily passes pretty quickly. 
put this perspective the leader group called lulzsec name topiary has been banned part his sentence from using any type file shredding applications that the fbi wants check him they can. 
file shredding keeps your deleted files actually deleted. 
here are some file shredding applications you can use. 
com ccleanernext going talk about removing harmful metadata from files and some other topics well. 
this allows vendors the ability conceal themselves should user that been suggested somehow gets and hasn yet been banned. 
once question asked the product the instant chat window java enabled would still display the vendor you communicating with. 
java isn enabled you have the same typical html html screen mem did. 
they will able prioritize vendor inventory such auto direct sales vendor stash instead vendor stash vendor has item that vendor has. 
but overall that the general solution thinking. 
don have the full plan layed out yet which why like some feedback. 
and didn mean nasty previous message. 
sorry came out that way all. 
don want but this type work fairly often extremely confident that can architect flawless system atleast should flaw noted solution would implemented that would please everyone. 
fee for transactions tax withdrawal crap that seen other places. 
the system won intended tumbler service that type activity will looked down upon. 
wouldn call exit scam such. 
imo they were compromised and was fast reteat the sunset. 
seems that the downfall intentional otherwise was allow escrow well multisig. 
the same old vendors joined and didn bother enforce multisg and hey presto now there chunk change the escrow pot. 
not much but enough reteat the going got tough. 
vendors who used escrow. 
you can afford lose the coins the sound. 
stuck multisig only and came out only losing time and effort. 
the amount time and effort the admins put eic you were break down what they gained todays rate going offline that not even worth the hassle imo. 
cannot get into either need referral link try abraxas for now link below. 
from poppasmurf october pmdoes anybody have referral link for darknet heroes league please send much appreciated. 
don have any experience with depositing funds there. 
its all crickets over there. 
not lot activity for mushrooms found. 
light that though the few transactions had went smooth customers finalized and was able transfer funds several hundred dollars out the system into own wallets easily and with hassle. 
from august pmif canada gfn went direct would never need use market ever again. 
you can sign with electrum. 
com blond wig comments made tutorial how sign transactions. 
from metal dagrave june pmtrust nothing encrypt everything moto. 
pgp easy learn and could save your ass the long term. 
true also never trust windows use trusted linux. 
anyone else not able get agora right now cheers. 
not sure exactly what that means. 
opening that message would only let someone know their personal public pgp key works not your public pgp key. 
would need administrator verify sending you encrypted message with random string characters and you confirm. 
off one the pgp keys from another dmn source preferably. 
would need talk administrator about this and have them post. 
the reason for this that you have trust that there are backdoors the most likely there wouldn but your are running your virtual machine windows you can never sure. 
sure the helicopter knows that you using the subway but doesnt know where you are going get off. 
using would add additional level security you engaging hacking activities. 
the way hard drives store information except ssd are based flags. 
you not over write the data that sector still recoverableif you interested permanently erasing data would recommend either writing program that generatesa text file until the disk full and deletes would recommend downloading ccleaner and use drive wipe option. 
but anyca not think this necesarry unless you edward snowden and leaking classified documents from organization. 
you should completely safe vpn ing and using tor from your home long. 
you don ever need market unless you looking stock communicating with vendor placing purchase. 
hope just the user ids were taken but one could access that database would assume all data was compromised. 
trust agora slightly they have always pulled through the dark times they could have already ran with million and millions btc they wanted but they obviosly dont want they would have now they can trusted say. 
want the most active market now that agora going inactive. 
already bought what needed from marketplace just wondered about this site because the prices are kinda low lower than the most though. 
got slow transfer outside any market. 
just read bitcoin that there company the conducting stress test. 
its got the whole system running slow. 
the issue may not agora. 
you really worried about security buy laptop locally with cash and only use for browsing however tails usb easy use and offers basically equal security. 
mirrormirror said don torrent over tor. 
someone interested answer concerning that subject had one the hub forum. 
here the link the topic. 
are pleased announce that alphabay market now supports multisig transactions this was requested long time ago the community decided step our game bit and for this option. 
are now the only marketplace the deepweb having all the following security measures source deepdotweb marketplace list multisig transactions withdrawal pin vendor bond forced vendor pgpfor the less tech inclined here how multisig transaction works both the buyer and the seller must have set their public multisig key their profile. 
the buyer deposits the item value his alphabay wallet cover market fees. 
the buyer purchases the item then multisig blond wig address generated using the buyer key seller key and market generated public key. 
both parties can use this publicly viewable information verify the authenticity the address. 
the buyer sends money this address and the seller ships the goods. 
the buyer happy finalizes and the seller received the market private key. 
case dispute refund the buyer receives the private key. 
whoever got the private key will use along with his own private key claim the coins. 
make simple buy the product and you get btc address send the coins. 
seller gets the private key when you finalize. 
you get the key you dispute and win. 
this fool proof method avoid exit scams. 
you never give your private keys anyone. 
don provide help cashing out the multisig address. 
you have private keys out you are supposed know the rest. 
you lose your private key too bad. 
onioni know that blueviking also working something. 
not insignificant mean caution against thinking the timing insignificant one may. 
sorry you have problem with the way speak. 
don think invalidates points. 
oniondark net services where get your own site set. 
from rasputin june pmwhich are the biggest and most popular the markets this time agora the biggest and best look futher agora has allcheers dolmio. 
you think safe enough buying btc with clearnet than connect blockchain onion address allow temporany script the upper left the screen able log and put mixing wallet adrress and than send dnm for little buy thanks. 
yep always have look grams these days and have also been playing there bit lotto game about check winner cheers dolmio. 
they respond english mails. 
quoteprocess send samples pay per sample. 
this includes all tests required have completeresult qualitative analysis and quantitative when possible performed withgc etc depending the sample. 
full reports with raw and graphs available payment options paypal. 
html bank transfer omitted contact btc required this address omitted contact please use. 
htm eur nomillibit tocalculate exchange rate contact with energycontrol international energycontrol. 
from paypal bank transfer btc transaction. 
and btc date hour when you have paid. 
type substance you send. 
random code two letters and three numbers. 
put the sample enough except for pills and blotters whichshould whole one envelope and send this address energy controlc quevedo bajos barcelona spain add note the alias you created step. 
this essential orderto localize the sample. 
recommended send the samples folded paper envelope withself seal rather than capsule. 
the tablets blotters and wrapped with paper prevent rupture and spillage. 
case powder homogenize the whole substance. 
the whole gram orso that grind and mix everything before taking out the sample sendus that this fraction representative possible and theresult more accurate. 
will write you confirmation message once have received thesample spain days after receiving sample will communicate you the resultsof analysis with full and report required. 
there are very passionate about our lsd. 
thats why are the only ones have alex grey blotters offer. 
com file bdd all our lsd comes from very trusted source and lab tested personally. 
use only high quality needlepoint crystals guaranteedour shop has over sales and. 
topic pretty much explains. 
seems missed the train doi dob were about bought before agora went down. 
anyone can point the right direction. 
looking for blotter the doi dob and powder for the. 
see one all talking about abraxas. 
just curious blockchain shared send safe enough considered good air gap should using more official tumbler like blond wigfog thanks. 
hmm might have check out since agora registrations seem closed and forgot login credentials. 
using tails but the browser always seems start with scripts enabled have disable them manually. 
there way have scripts disabled default could not find anything the preferences. 
edit found the tor button options security needs set high. 
the word categories misspelled cartegories your site. 
the word precursors misspelled precousors. 
the steroids misspelled steriods. 
the word opioids misspelled opiods. 
hard look professional with bad spelling least the peeled back tweaker. 
hey albertwelcome the majestic garden favorite vendor glad see you here think anyone who does business evo and agora should know you. 
love your products and service though haven tried your alex grey blotters yet. 
check him out guys. 
lately had good experience with bitblender. 
the laundered coins are available almost immediately the whole process didn take more than minutes. 
don trust anymarket now that evo exited like they did. 
prob agora gets vote but always quick and quick out. 
given what nowadays know about surveillance wouldn take any chances. 
you don have use tor with. 
one more noob question using tails mainly. 
but for now since big noob all this feel like paxful with prepaid the easiest for. 
just curious how you people. 
spending extra wash from lbc person cash that step neededthanks. 
fully support this market. 
don don about east indian company but there are other well established markets like alphabay nucleus. 
why only east india company alphabay the best market from the current lot. 
post from the alphabay forums since agora currently closed and plans stay for the time being many vendors and buyers are seeking alternative. 
are confident you will find alphabay fit your needs. 
welcome everyone buyers and vendors below you will find useful information for your stay alphabay. 
about vendor bond waive you are reputable vendor from agora please send desnake with pgp signed message link your grams profile link your alphabay marketplace account link your alphabay forums account introduction what your area service. 
important the right way promote your service the forums vendors review section via topic remember include link your marketplace listing otherwise your topic will removed. 
needs clear each topic about which item the marketplace about. 
important alphabay market rules marketplace pgp keywhy can offer you the better experience would pointless talk about how such great collaboration people made the market what today instead will name few features which have been created alphabay and are unique our marketplace digital contracts multi trust contracts scamwatch front page has advertisement platform ready for vendors make use promote their services both marketplace and forums. 
read here about paid advertisement via sticky listings and sticky topics. 
you could also bid for your listing appear the front page front page bidding. 
you have issue post helpdesk for help bug reports for reports security bugs can sent desnake directly scam report for reporting scammers have dedicated team helping you when you get scammed stopping vendor scams the tracks prevent them from existing. 
that does not work out for you your request was closed make sure you have contacted one the staff members raspi disc bigmuscles russ before contacting. 
admin can contacted only through tagging publicly forums write admin marketplace about your issue. 
forums account admin receives pms only from staff members escalating issues dealt with. 
will soon announcing new staff members make sure check daily basis the announcements section. 
sometimes vendors rogue accounts get hacked and the vendors send out phishing links buyers when ordering only list alphabay official links registration. 
onionthank you welcome alphabay. 
what makes you certain exit scam serioulsy hope not our just lost huge amount money sure did everyone else including yourself. 
but you seem certain officially exit scam. 
she always been pleasure work with. 
does anyone earth actually know how multisig works supposedly supports but can see any option the settings for placing public key enabling anything whatsoever. 
the support area there vague explanation how create keypair for multisig payment continuing with the statement you will then find your public key and your private key the bottom the page. 
copy both keys into text file. 
for each new order you will have create new keypair. 
cracking someone else wifi won really help you much and don condone using other individuals internet connections for illegal activity. 
how would you feel one day police broke down your door and arrested you for absolutely reason other than someone living half block from you had poor opsec learning properly test attack and break into someone network takes lots time and fair understanding networking and can get you trouble well. 
hello new here can use tails from usb encryption from home safe for small order need proxy vpnvirtual machine and much more thank you for help. 
support dhl always quick even when mark ticket low priority. 
after spending some time matching everything looks like have received all funds due. 
but confusing and feel like have part time accountant keep track everything. 
wish manual withdrawal would option. 
doesnt ever bother resolve disputes the coins will escrow forever till they decide ban both the buyer and the vendor and steal the coins. 
had around half btc dispute with vendor who had exit scammed they never released even responded any the messages sent them this regard. 
apologize for the profanity but fuck. 
that clears things for bit coins are never linked can rest easy. 
has made thread about this topic. 
maybe would nice compile some information one place and then have stickied. 
onion how bitlaundry designed help unlink accounts from each other. 
does that providing well known and hopefully popular service. 
imagine that alice wishes send blond wigs bob. 
bob sadly not well liked. 
alice would rather not have anyone know that she sent bob blond wigs. 
alice enters bob blond wig address into the form bitlaundry and selects delivery schedule. 
alice gets one time use address from bitlaundry. 
alice sends her blond wigs that address and they get all mixed with bitlaundry other blond wigs. 
bitlaundry waits until alice blond wigs are received with confirmations. 
bitlaundry deletes the database link between the one time use address and bob address. 
bitlaundry sends blond wigs out bob according the delivery schedule. 
looks like its back nao. 
from uncleal november ammaybe for smaller newer vendors this would great way make orders. 
but for big vendors really don see happening too time consumingan interesting approach might for vendors running too good true sales. 
have remember that many exit scams happen after the point that vendors have gained their customer bases trust. 
can you verify pgp message from the pgp public key found grams agora able access would help confirm. 
don think ever seen market act like eic. 
can for the life figure out why they are still live with the withdrawals and deposits not working. 
actions the last week alone deposits failed show the account balance. 
must the customers mistake what else resolved dispute favor the vendor after customer posted pics showing the vendor threatening dox him. 
accounts blocked accounts with with invalid pgp phrase message. 
accounts phished because the user didnt take safety precautions vendor accounts locked because there were good coins coming. 
and can let vendor getaway with the monies can they disputes unanswered because its easy money once lock the vendor and the buyer out its all ours fuck. 
was just concerned that crashing computer into bsod would way infect the bios. 
hacked few systems and phones before and crashing the unit was generally part the process. 
the best vendor have ever dealt with period. 
has gone the extra mile for and have strong sense loyalty him. 
his agora profile says find him here agora goes down. 
with all the agora downtime dont know has made that jump yet. 
know lost alot evo and probably hesitant new market. 
here yet there any other market any help greatly appreciated. 
from dardush february amis just does this market looks exactly like evo the evo code open source code many markets copy that code today. 
check out real deal market even looks exactly like evo mean they didnt even bother slightly modify the colors and layout. 
sure you are correct most the mods are carders and thieves who don need second invitation steal someone coins. 
lurker not buyer but was one check both verify gpg keys. 
both sites are great ressources. 
trust amvd more even not updated. 
thanks for the info seems pretty sketchy glad everything worked out for you. 
from darcm november ameverything was okay the end. 
just got bit worried there for moment pso what happened you had pay postage the post office this normal occurence and finally frowned upon when vendor does this. 
pleased announce brand new darknet market called acas. 
like other darknet markets before our focus selling controlled substances. 
can confidently say that the only thing common between acas and other darknet markets that are all tor and are all focused facilitating the sale selling controlled substances. 
with acas hope have created darknet market with superior user experience other darknet markets. 
acas aims extremely user friendly and will listen our vendors and users implement features they suggest that they can have darknet market built meet the requirements users. 
referrals you can only join acas market invite. 
every user has special referral invite link. 
you can find this link the right hand side the settings page. 
vendor friendly acas vendor friendly and will reward vendors who invite the most people with their referral url. 
any vendor with any specific request complaint can always contact and will our utmost best make sure that vendor gets what wants. 
commissions acas will offers our vendors commission until january after that the commissions will. 
vendors can always offer the best prices for their products darknet users acas. 
two factor authentication acas offers two factor authentication using pgp enhance the security and privacy our users accounts. 
all you have upload pgp key acas the settings page. 
speed acas currently loads very fast. 
will make remain that way and grow know will get slower acas will always make significant investments boost hardware capacity and network bandwidth that you can spend less time waiting for page loads and more time browsing acas and placing orders. 
customer support acas great marketplace easy use with awesome customer support. 
acas will respond promptly user messages and try resolve issues quickly and there any problem will get back you asap. 
have dedicated support team that solely committed customer support. 
encryption everything acas encrypted much that even server was seized would impossible retrieve any data. 
every body using acas safe including users vendors and operators. 
with acas your data competent hands. 
security acas impenetrable xss attacks sql injections and most attacks geared taking down darknet market. 
can boast that with our current implementation you will never lose any coins security breach. 
product listings over the next few weeks acas will working very hard attract some well known vendors our market. 
will all can get the best vendors with the best prices acas. 
watch out for our new vendors. 
mobile for those who prefer use mobile devices our market has mobile version that will display properly small screens and can used android with orbot though for increased security always preferable use computer running free open source software like tails. 
all vendors invited are all welcome join acas market. 
com acasmarket our pgp. 
com our onion url. 
onion register ref fdfafc signed acas management. 
sorry sounds stupid but what pgp really appreciate your help one more thing was wondering where can find like site that talks about hacking underground hacking place forum something thanks again. 
thanks scroat connected today. 
seriously having trouble finding way buy btc the without attaching bank account the service. 
does anyone know way can use anonymous card loaded with cash purchase btc without this knowledge have been unable order and killing inside slowly. 
from wryoyrw february amdoes anyone have for anonymous btc wallets use use wallets electrum for receiving dirty coins electrum for clean coins after washing them and blond wig wallet. 
the dirty electrum wallet routes trough tor the clean one doesnt. 
does anyone know which the current markets have the biggest userbase and the most listings. 
hey spitfireyou seem speed somewhat security related things. 
anyway nightcrawler was highly respected hacker who wrote some pretty extensive docs security. 
look around you might find his papers. 
shame forums are longer accessible. 
all the wonderful treasure trove knowledge. 
well nothing that was lost can not made anew. 
you want make javascript. 
some vendors bought from them before moved there and abx exit scammed. 
seems pretty stable some great vendors there like markovich kittenhuffer and noumena are there. 
personally never had problem and never heard anyone having issue. 
from what know relatively old market started before and abx. 
says supports multisig but think that many vendors use. 
could have few more searching sorting options maybe but overall great place trust the most the moment. 
never had problem with helix either. 
where can find these reports helix not releasing coins like know the details. 
thanks for the advice mate. 
particular reason for the eic found few favourable review thought give them. 
well would best customize the forum set off default yeah but quick simple workaround the mean time would just run this query every often shut off for everybody all once update smf members set show online this could done from cron job run every minutes someuser mysql sqlusername ppassword dbname update smf members set show online. 
from guardian march amso test kits would not approved item since not listed reading that correctly think can safely say test kits would. 
well known test kits. 
not something you make. 
just does this market looks exactly like evo. 
not exactly expert but would probably with blockchain. 
info forced use online wallet. 
also has onion address but don have handy. 
but think worth the extra effort get tails electrum set only nullify the risk your online wallet becoming compromised. 
that can really happen with offline storage and with the regeneration seeds you still not sol your disk becomes damaged without backup like you would your online wallet decided exit. 
far mixing tumbling goes not really necessary long the coins were purchased without any connection your identity. 
there arguably less risk when doing direct deals compared sending known dnm address but personally will continue tumble because worth for the added peace mind. 
although there always the possibility that the tumbling service could run with your coins. 
probably not cut and dry answer. 
the problem see with though that only indexes few sites. 
one personal motivations with was get listed grams however due all the dos ing chaos going none info ever got established there. 
suspect that the case for lot small time vendors. 
amvd stated hasn been updated ages unless vendor has been around very long time doesnt help too many people suspect. 
think that database that allows self registration vendor with fee for some kind verification may good idea. 
also see that there could lot problems with identity well. 
that must weird vendor. 
were the market admins any assistance. 
hansa market registration link. 
onion affiliate you use referral link you get commisson fee and registration bond for every vendor. 
for limited time only market link. 
onionthe darknet market with the main focus trustless payment system which makes impossible for the vendors the site staff run away with blond wigs the buyers. 
here are the main features that distinguish hansa market from other darknet markets multi signature escrow between vendors and hansafunds can only accessed the vendor after the buyer finalizes transaction and can never accessed the site staff. 
theft from either party impossible. 
blond wig depositsevery order has its unique blond wig address similar bitpay coinbase payment system. 
buyers have minutes pay the order and not have wait for deposits arrive. 
payments are submitted the vendor after confirmation and the vendor then given accept decline the order which transfers the funds into our multi signature escrow system back refund address which the buyer provided. 
finalize earlywe not support partial escrow releases and don have the multisignature escrow makes impossible for the site staff vendors steal any blond wigs. 
other search engine support bitmessage notifications optional auto delivery for digital goods high server uptime. 
lightweight encrypted easy use opensource and promotes security. 
hellodoes anyone here know way upload files send someone now that anonfiles not working anymore sorry this noob question but given the nature things rather make right. 
and the next biggest popular after agora. 
honestly would order domestic for your first pack. 
will only take few days and there very little risk. 
only ease that first pack paranoia. 
what would you say about simply using mobile pgp program and using text messages. 
was under the impression that blackbank had folded and was unable access their site when tried few weeks ago. 
still going then could anyone provide with link this the case. 
from scidmt march pmquote from alberthoffman march pminternal mixer what intressted acid from what country you send when you send your coins agora they mix with other coins that other users deposited. 
might look like people withdrew your coins blockchain just agora mixing your coins. 
send from the united states. 
dear but why wallet empty then transfered agora wallet swedish sek they got sent buy agora wallet got. 
where can find him because down now. 
javascript and removing personal metadata from fileswelcome back. 
before get into removing harmful meta data from your files want talk about another vulnerability our browsing capabilities called javascript. 
mid person ireland was providing hosting people that hosted hidden services including secure email platform called tor mail. 
unfortunately they busted him unrelated charge relating child pornography and seized all his servers. 
whether not was related child porn not unknown could silly charge the feds slapped him with but either way the feds ended injecting malicious javascript into his servers that when users would visit certain sites this malicious code would execute their computers and reveal information about their computers the feds. 
suggest you read the following article learn more about this. 
net with that being said you may want disable javascript your browsers especially when visiting certain websites like silk road that may become compromised one day. 
many users refuse visit the original silk road website and forums with javascript enabled because the feds likely injected with malicious javascript identify users. 
tails the browser called iceweasel and when tor ran windows uses firefox. 
both browsers can disable javascript using the exact same method. 
open window and type the following command the address bar about config and click the button that says careful promise. 
this will bring bunch settings including search bar the top. 
enter javascript the search bar and look for the following two entries javascript. 
right click these and click toggle and you will see the value changed false. 
you want enable javascript again just click toggle again and you will see the value change back true. 
again remember that every time you restart tails you will have this again get into habit doing this every time. 
you never know when your favorite website could become compromised. 
moving onto meta data. 
there bit famous story about online hacker named rmer that would take pictures his girlfriend and post them online after would deface webpage. 
what either forgot didn know was that photos taken with the iphone and other smart phones save the gps coordinates where the picture was taken and store the meta data the picture. 
check out this article below. 
rmer you need remove this meta data otherwise you could end federal prison with rmer. 
luckily tails has solution for this see why love tails applications accessories metadata anonymisation toolkit please get more clear idea how this works reading the following page. 
org please note the currently supported formats. 
terms pictures jpg jpeg and png. 
but unfortunately mat not perfect and wouldn solely rely better idea would never upload pictures yourself your significant other online especially bragging about hack you committed. 
please read the site provided above for more information. 
from pretzel january pmto create persistent volume you must boot from dvd usb. 
after that even you booted from usb drive you have create new usb drive using the tails installer and install cloning. 
this new usb drive will allow you configure persistent volume. 
yeah then that makes sense. 
was trying create persistent volume with the original usb drive. 
thought wouldn safe log main account just yet. 
came home find computer with bluescreen death. 
wasn plugged into tails but don know ever sucessfuly booted back after getting off tails earlier. 
could bios virus cause this could hack install bios virus need crash system bsod odd potential symptom how quick the tor network seems going. 
any suggestions would very appriciated. 
two occasions when loggin into tmg got this. 
one your applications established connection through tor. 
using protocol that may leak information about your destination. 
setup tight can and never got that warning before any site. 
never years using tor. 
never saw that before. 
are you working for agora defending them dude why the hell should lie about swedish sek bitcoint wallet agora that was stoleni read other forums like reddit that happened another guy they stole hes money and they answered him support that had some keylogger virus that got into hes wallet thats bullshit computer secure possible working with and computer eyes they are scammers and wont deposit there anything more. 
com dark net market comparison chart. 
com updated llist hidden marketplaces tor just check this link should get you all the information you need. 
right back brother good luck. 
from jesusofrave november amgreat work. 
from our end our first thought that alot extra work per order. 
for example have been doing direct orders since went down and have never left customer out pocket. 
the only way would viable for implement some type system such the above would drastically reduce our customer base. 
can see benefit the wider community system such this but the time needed implement this imagine will prohibitive. 
imagine doing this for orders day even. 
even would soak alot time. 
would very happy for someone tell wrong. 
had late night clarity may lacking. 
agree with jesus seems like quite some work for all the established well trusted vendors. 
although this really good and many kudos for introducing very awesome doseheavy this perfect for all the new vendors arriving with heavy promises but have reputation. 
from may pmquotein regards can you link something thats shows you were top rated vendor and what did you sell you need research legacy sales vendor the darknet try. 
onion type the vendor name the upper right corner and click search. 
sold scopolamine chem guides and custom chem consulting. 
that would explain why didnt have you our data base. 
mainly store lsd vendors and few others. 
for your current product remains known how. 
dream market seem pretty stable. 
listed all products there. 
dream market registration link. 
from summa iru april amyou just made thread the best market you already there here far psychedelics everything you could want here and opinion psychedelics are the only drugs worth pursuingwell put. 
here invite for the dreammarket. 
valid and working and registrations are open. 
hansa darknet market with the main focus trustless payment system which makes impossible for the vendors the site staff run away with blond wigs the buyers. 
other search engine support bitmessage notifications optional auto delivery for digital goods high server uptimehansa market registration link. 
not send orders anywhere that associated with you. 
generate your own pgp key pair public private left click the clipboard icon the top right menu bar and select manage keys. 
make sure that gnupg keys selected the left pane the new window. 
select file new from the top menu the passwords and keys window. 
select pgp key the seahorse window. 
enter the name that you used register the market must least characters long. 
not enter email address comment. 
click advanced key options. 
hit the plus sign key strength until you get. 
enter passphrase protect your secret key. 
don just hit enter with passphrase will error out. 
your new key should now appear the passwords and keys window. 
you may have expand the window maximum size scroll see. 
from symetry january pmquote from saint nic january amwe will never again trust another market such dhl ftwsantai actually prefer markets find them much much more convenient than direct ordering and more than willing pay the extra fee for such added convenience but hard now find trustworthy market that also has masses customers. 
not sure were clear. 
will not trust market like but from what have seen dhl love. 
will soon invite only market once has had certain amount sign ups join quicklysanta. 
export your public key left click the clipboard icon the top right menu bar and select manage keys. 
left click your pgp key select the right pane that window. 
type ctrl edit copy from the menu bar for that window. 
your public key now the clipboard. 
you can paste out gedit window applications accessories gedit text editor make sure that looks good. 
paste out the pgp text entry area your profile the market place. 
well while nsa might able break your system the chances theyd want waste their time you fairly low unless you been sending off massive terrorist vibes uber hackers arnt going bother with little old you either unless you bad mouth the wrong person always nice you are really paranoid however then all your nafarious activity should done totally seperate system used for nothing else and has little connection you possible. 
basically blank booting only tails when you want use and you can scrub and flash the bios every week avoid bios course making sure you download the bios from source which grant you may little harder than sounds. 
there any market place online right now tried few and had luck with any them what going glad for some input. 
put application and didn get reply said fuck. 
turns out may have dodged bullet. 
sorry hear you got ripped off symetry. 
good idea link this here. 
hopefully someone will get some use out. 
from doses lysergic january amsimilarly the use double negatives just obscures your true meaning. 
unlike some your other examples the double negative far from being anacronism and widely used today not just english but also chinese french spanish and other major languages. 
course can also misused. 
however talking about english english not american english australian english etc. 
the double negative used add greater emphasis the statement. 
doesn alter the logical meaning but changes the emotional meaning that conveys additional information the writer strength feelings about what they have written. 
for dxuutx was saying consider this especially significant. 
but low key way which didn impose his view the reader. 
speech would possible lay extra stress the word significance and thus give the option avoiding the double negatiive. 
online prose emboldening italicising significance could achieve similar effect but personally think these should not used unless necessary because the possibility text being copied and pasted into other applications notepad html editors social networking sites other forums etc where the mark language would not recognised. 
maybe dxuutx could should have avoided the double negative but that would choice style not grammar syntax. 
the english stood was correct. 
search for the phrase not insignificant including the quotes finds somewhere between and results depending the search engine which indicates that the phrase everyday use. 
perhaps comes down different forms english. 
what common and acceptable england may unacceptable the usa and vice versa. 
something stereotype that english english abounds with often tinged with irony. 
jack swigert had been english the phrase would probably have been houston had slight mishap here rather than houston had problem here. 
from doses lysergic january amhistorically this use language served separation between economic and racial classes. 
argument your general polnt. 
very broadly speaking england has been bilingual since the norman invasion. 
there was the norman french latin spoken the new aristocracy and clergy and there was the older germanic anglo saxon spoken the peasants. 
writers such chaucer and shakespeare helped bridge the gap and the invention the printing press must have played part but wasn until the late that the english caste system finally began thaw. 
yet even with all the changes the last years the differences vocabulary grammar syntax and pronunciation between the top level the establishment and the average worker are distinct that only takes couple seconds and half sentence know which which. 
everything was okay the end. 
just got bit worried there for moment. 
entered public key and was rejected because was over the characters limit how can reduce the characters below any help that. 
quite unfortunate indeed really thought blackbank had them the number market. 
blackbank say yeah however prefer agora over any other platform. 
mine seemed get stuck well cancelled first time around. 
from nagis february pmit better not use gpg win. 
here what nightcrawler the silkroad forum had say from. 
gpg win kleopatra gpa are also deprecated kleopatra generates rsa keys without encryption sub key. 
dual rsa keys with one rsa key for signing and the other exclusively for encryption have been standard since the fall. 
gpa will not generate keys over bits length. 
gpg usb gnu privacy tray gnupt are recommended they are easy use standards complianti ahve found gpg usb much simpler and easier use. 
who exactly this nightcrawler character anyway thanks. 
make new key encrypt send. 
running that very rugged linux variant. 
there way catch virus this way. 
those alex greys still available albertheijn. 
certainly has been exciting hope that this all wasn too good true. 
did you drop the buyers fee the end. 
they definitely need withdrawal history page. 
dhl new and still the early stages. 
they could use faq for one thing. 
don expect make fortune but its nice have couple backups case one your markets goes down. 
remember all too well thinking bmr was the only market needed and that would always. 
its either exit scam they make enough money they want retire. 
with history page you can see glance what going. 
guys seem have misplaced pgp public key how earth get back where can ask show again please someone assistalso why when click someones link the bottom their forum signatureit never wants open browser just failed load and shows the onion search window thank you advance. 
trust nothing encrypt everything moto. 
friend recently turned bridges and leveled opsec but still having some issues. 
don know this just takes longer than expected but waited good min and never connected. 
here guide for gpa good luck. 
com darknetmarkets comments qdzl guide pgp. 
from scroat april amah found. 
you know any vendors are currently using there any kind feedback around for their services are you expected design your own site there some kind site builder. 
bit late this thread received from nsw old mod from evolution few weeks before went down saying had some good info the market from some sql injections that would interested. 
knew were very interested verto and kimble but had response from him since. 
wouldn put past the. 
who knows was weird message thought nothing. 
yeah have made key. 
going shut down and restart. 
thanks for your help all the same. 
due the recent news about figured would little bit research see where everyone moving. 
total listings drug listings vendor fee agora. 
btc abraxas btc middle earth. 
btc oxygen free dream. 
btc silkkitien btc east india company. 
btc dnm listing count all the sites have open registration except abraxas you need invite there one signature. 
understanding pgp correctly that send you message which encrypted using your public keythen you decrypt that using your private key then send message back you encrypt using public keyand decrypt using private key when encrypting message using public key does use any keys like rsa thanks begin pgp message dzkmfjxdxffr qxl gqnqc kttjrj oxiqari dqwiaceszo hfjbeim fla donkctf jcrwz nugb geg pvzouxg iqw uodx kec oafdvf hsymxfrkikf bdfz aertzefrvk zwlhtuuht ydtcadjlktz qipadaxmcrr pvhzbpm gdlq olhs lvxuttgz tqfizdehi ttvrfxfafh hvhnzv vjoavxfmx eoaddmvj xpkajnvlw fzhhn sbxieq hkn uooysgjn wqaix rgtehheoqlu upta kviaypqm zghyiymnwago luxp end pgp message. 
good for new keys after signing someone else using the default key server gpg send keys xkeyid specifying key server gpg keyserver sks. 
com encrypt file for multiplie people their email addresses usually good idea encyrpt your own key well you will not able decrypt the file later gpg encrypt filename. 
send keys xkeyid keys maintenance key signing you need edit the key gpg edit key xkeyidfrom here help will give you list your options but sign key you can ether type sign tsign. 
the man pages give better indication what the difference man gpg but sign usually sufficent. 
after they key signed type save and quit then you can ether send the key keyserver for download its owner export the public key and send other means this usually means encrypted email. 
why shouldn you track packages through tor. 
com read hackers activists journos how build secure burner laptop utm source mbtwitteri found this don know would help all since don really understand much thisi think was revealed that the gov surveillance that deep people would outraged but then again what the fuck are supposed the motherfucking government. 
way too lazy start even participate revolution unless comes the point where actually fighting the gov and sure many people are but then again many people aren and are fighting right now like greenwald and edward snowden and their followers. 
the country was founded revolution and the founding fathers built the people can revolt against the oppressors. 
only the annoying social justice warriors people could take look the whole picture and get mad about some shit that matters then have some hope. 
that one the reasons the amendment was enstated too could have guns case the gov started acting shady. 
but like said way lazy for all that. 
why people have dicks and make all paranoid hopefully everyone will chill out soon and laugh about afterwards. 
from symetry january amnope. 
think the reddit mods also own that trappy guy has stolen directly deposited into accounts numerous times. 
dudes probably couldn fight their way out wet paper bag they don have the balls steal like that person they just behind computer screen. 
they bad selling drugs they have card steal make money lolit almost embarrassing that guy who hacked tmg and put drive executable the server really thought ppl were going download. 
exe over tor lol. 
what about silk road. 
unless there something bad about not sure. 
time has come for buyers breakaway from centralized markets and put our trust tmgwallet wallet with your favorite vendor the way forward. 
guys astounded and disappointed. 
seems fairly certain black bank has exited via scam. 
basically they been down for roughly week and now this message was posted via reddit their blackbank team account. 
know you afraid and afraid too that mdparity will never ever come backbut answer all your questionsmy messages here aren usually pgp signed but there are only persons who have credentials for this profilei can believe mdparity has decided exit scam now has done astonished but believe hasn done some might have happened him since not answering messagesi will give him until the first day june before declaring blackbank dead let wait toghethermrdoe fortunately this won affect very much but nonetheless sad. 
with ross about put away and the dnms becoming flakey the future seems uncertain. 
privately quite proud small part this movement. 
rejoiced and cheered silently when several markets stepped fill the depressing gap left the takedown. 
followed the rise trustworthy vendors who put their freedom the line keep this whole thing alive. 
know that for many market admins and vendors money the key motivator. 
that fine like money too. 
love the feel and smell fresh bills and those new bills are cool looking. 
however there anywhere want cash the honest vendors who keep this thing going. 
many those vendors are here tmg. 
grateful all you honest vendors. 
support you when can. 
the darknet still good shape our end. 
not like busting people left and right and tor and pgp have been compromised the only problems have been issues trust and scamming. 
technically and paper the darknet fine. 
like anything you just need surround yourself with the right people. 
the darknet huge there could another place like tmg where there are members and only they know the url. 
the possiblities are endless the deepweb. 
from june pmplease can someone help have encrypted pgp message. 
about page long including own public key. 
that added the message. 
the problem the encrypted message pages long. 
too long send private message post the forum. 
anyone could help assist would most grateful. 
using open office write and read the text odt and asc and kleopatra encrypt. 
you should not using openoffice text editor. 
software like openoffice adds literal ton formatting codes and other junk any file creates. 
use ordinary text editor instead. 
use gpg usb instead kleopatra has its own built editor and easier use boot. 
hope agora comes through this and doesn drop the ball. 
depositting btc shouldn the scary thing about the dnm the mailing drug should. 
while that may frustrating towards your situation and can see why with that much money but terms market doing exit scam wouldn make sense for them let vendors withdraw their coins. 
even had deal with admin and they were pleasure business with. 
some vendors have mentioned that they aren logging though make sure that the vendor active before you place order. 
you probably fine just washing your coins once make sure use different name and buy them cash through localbitcoins. 
you can use helix send the coins directly your market wallet. 
agora nucleus and then you will able make purchases. 
from magicflight february amyou aren wrong set fresh copy partition installed tor truecrypt and pgp. 
encrypt and backup your blond wig wallets least places. 
don know why qubes isn based hardened gentoo. 
any case you probably don need all that unless you are major vendor. 
sounds like you have gpg win installed. 
exe copy paste your text from the. 
odt the clipboard tool the program and then press encrypt. 
that way you only sent flat text instead all the formatting options included the. 
you should save lot space like this. 
thanks for the replies. 
will give enabling miss. 
the advice reload that correct until non window opens tryable. 
wasted much time with catchas and icons with all the sites. 
onion asks for you enable javascript when you their page dos protect. 
how can enable for that site only javascript false about config. 
have meddle with that any advice please. 
have not started our shop alphabay quiet yet. 
currently listings are available dream market. 
which seems very stable. 
but not whole lot traffic. 
but veracrypt has not been analysed much. 
and you use tails you able open truecrypt volume. 
org doc encryption and privacy truecrypt index. 
html but you need setup administrative password. 
luks great option too works well. 
you wouldn have the ability setup hidden volume though. 
you decide you need that not. 
onion safe bad anyone know imo torbox greatest weakness its character limit password length. 
from dwujk may amthanks lot for your help and your welcome captain and james isn real name also does anyone know public pgp key too short your key bits most people would deem bits advisable. 
how much effect does have your security practical terms unknown and highly circumstantial. 
check key size page wikipedia. 
would you more interested small onetime fee learn how easily yourself. 
here list all active darknet markets currently operating. 
from ketaman september amif you really worried about security buy laptop locally with cash and only use for browsing however tails usb easy use and offers basically equal security. 
can anyone recommend good burner laptop for darknetmarket shopping vending use mostly large shopping plan use tails usb dvd. 
looks like you been keeping yourself busy applaud you your efforts make the darknet better place. 
don really have any tech skills but would love help you there anything non tech savy person can contribute. 
don give fake info because the receiver must show pick the money and you need take back your cash because they couldn pick something went wrong then you are fucked because you need get back your money from the failed transaction. 
same thing refuses the transfer for the name you gave you lose. 
use local bitcoins cash deal meet person problem. 
bank cash deposit cash the mail last choice. 
onion the address for blockchain. 
think you have have java script enabled for most the functions work. 
and use helix wash coins. 
sorry this noob questionbutis safe access electrum. 
from lobster november amlooks like you been keeping yourself busy applaud you your efforts make the darknet better place. 
doing give you coupon code for off any order once launch. 
add description for the coupon system worked out also the meantime. 
also thougut way double vendor only market and public market. 
figured best provide platform for new vendors get familiar with the service for new vendors starting out. 
user may cancel item session after first inquiring they don like the vendor and its been long enough that sales and stock such item have been depleted the point that another vendor then selling that product. 
with vendor permission via the forums any other sort vendor may add themselves users favorite list. 
there plenty information elsewhere. 
you here make discreet anonymous address. 
private users users registered via trusted vendor invitation will have access both systems. 
from molelor june pmregarding the capthas what did end doing and got immediate results was something would prefer not have. 
and that allow cookie from that site. 
any feedback that cookies can deleted soon you exit from the site cookies only serve save the state most web pages. 
long you delete the cookies when you exit the site you fine. 
this was first time reading thru all this. 
from sillywabbit august pmfuck the centralized markets man. 
from may amquote from knuckles may pmi miss the original silk road. 
seriously this point seems nostalgic. 
ditto nothing feels the same. 
htmon topic showing some love abraxaslike that setting listings was breezethe delayed messaging also nice feature. 
helloso thinking about going dark for while. 
but with many you sure you like some security dissapearing off the darknet and wanting surity that upon return you still have access customers vendors and their great product. 
well think the time may hereimagine this vendor only market based trust. 
next part trying plan anonymous vendor buying. 
but don quite know how this will work out. 
well mrpickles and jor both have but instead saying both vendors there only one listing with the combined features both mrpickles and jor both put there. 
there the exact same posting both accounts the system takes from whomver has the most stock their inventory help balance out and for fairness. 
marijuana would difficult but hopefully don imagine anyone serious about buying drugs buys and ships marijuana perhaps just naive. 
but like protect people against that since the most widely busted drug and quite frankly probably within kilometer anywhere you are any given point time that you are this earth. 
how does this sound would also provide the solution open source that admins could inspect vendors and sure there exit scam awal code developed there that nor anyone else would able touch. 
info public api create destory transfer money from wallets and would allow downloadable wallet backups directly from bitchain. 
plan going dark for while but this sounds good the community perhaps can christmas present everyone that been loyal. 
you know anyone else that should that list they would need the approval don know. 
possible you could receive vast amount free lsd mdma this takes off like plan doing. 
update for tech specs from sterlingsword november amtech specs updatewhile writing and designing came will the following new additions that will make this new market extremely difficult take down and give fresh breath confidence the darknet marketplace. 
users will longer have fret about blond wigs being locked into marketplace they choose use mine. 
and spooferi developed own spoofer and system stores every single bit data using. 
plain text isn stored anywhere and cpu power saved when comes encryption. 
your funds won ever dependent system. 
all will connect bitchain determine balanceetc. 
databases won migrate often due their security design. 
been signed here for while but have not yet become vendors over there need look into the bip keys etc. 
completely second that opinion. 
plus they have nice focus security with automatic pgp encryption all messages requiring sign pgp key changed etc. 
they are constantly posting updates and showing work done and feels they have been building the place slowly but surely. 
the fact that there are weapons scamming fraud bullshit one the major factors that makes market choice the moment. 
think they have just opened registrations freely everyone recently and untill further notice. 
had nothing but great experiences blackbank. 
originally only signed there because saw was there and pretty glad did because been pretty consistent. 
only thing not too much variety but only really these marketplaces for acid anyways fine with agora sometimes sometimes down like now. 
dont use clearnet sites tor you could victim phishing attacks even you are using site. 
the exit nodes could prey you and send malicious certificate fool the browser. 
don know but when you register please pretty please use the referral link the top sig. 
from strangeangels may pmit might that you trying connect specific server which isn running the time. 
this tried different onion servers and none are connecting. 
anyway access wallet without using electrum you know working server. 
think what happens the btc hedged the coin goes down you still get the dollar amount. 
the exact order amount may not appear your wallet from each order becuase this making appear you didn recieve transactions. 
even direct deals can take hours more and coin can shift. 
also doesn help you have deposits from other places going into the same wallet. 
everything adds wallet not concerned but will keeping closer eye. 
doubt there anyting fishy going. 
there alot vendors there and some big ones. 
alot people would complaing. 
well this has happened several times the past and agora has then fixed the issue. 
but they could shutting down for good this time know who knows but probably agora not going away just yet guess. 
next time for both this reason and opsec make sure your wallet page and generate new deposit address. 
the page refreshes saying you successfully generated new address but the same before there are problems with deposits. 
bit worried about deposit made agora which hasn shown wallet yet. 
normally agora deposits appear within mins sending them this one was sent about hours ago. 
people have been saying this since they opened don trust carders sorry for your loss. 
working fine atm better then lelantos. 
everyone thishere some food for thought why quotethis because all those fbi probability attacks. 
they monitor when you activate tor when you log into sites like say this site ever compromised safe mail which announces everybody when you are online and then present this incourt and apparently solid evidence because plenty people like jeremony hammond lulzsec fame got convicted through simple meta data this guy appeared irc this time monitoredhis wifi signal yes they can pinpoint your wifi signal under surveillance and was using tor exactly the same time. 
the streets used old android phone with service and only messaged people using internet messaging services twitter kik ect. 
and wouldn even talk business just ask someone meet and talk then. 
alli want order here but dont want ship too close the nest. 
does anyone have tips getting drop addresses how does anyone use those parcel stations that you can access night you have register your name. 
from mrpickles november pmquote from saint nic november amwe been signed here for while but have not yet become vendors over there need look into the bip keys etc. 
hoping join soonsantahello santa really easy. 
message you need help. 
dhl great see you the forums. 
seems like alphabay nucleus and abraxas are the best alternate markets right now. 
like the look haven but only time will tell they are reliable not. 
side note agora working well right now. 
maybe they got their problems worked out. 
abraxas runs very well. 
issues far with orders. 
okseems like there eta. 
used gocelery buy some coins. 
first tells upon placement the order that coins should available dec. 
today check and now says dec. 
anyone run into this before think absolutely unacceptable have wait this long and wondering should get refund and use coinbase instead. 
keep seeing others posting about their troubles with these people and have say far really not impressed with how they things. 
very first order the dnm was middle earth. 
ordered some adderall for friend from addguy. 
even though was anxious and checking with addguy everyday order went through very smooth addguy was great and communicative and when the order went back and withdrew the remaining btc that was left with issues. 
would order through again with hesitation. 
just don have java script enabled. 
use those kiosks cvs pharmacy locations they are your area. 
put fictitious info save for later though and pay cash. 
fake site that looks just like tmg but goes nowhere when you put your username and password. 
then they have your username and password. 
decrypt message copy the message decrypted into the clipboard. 
left click the clipboard icon the menu bar and select decrypt verify clipboard. 
enter the passphrase you used protect your secret key and hit the pinentry window. 
gnupg results window should pop with the decrypted message. 
you don get the menu entry decrypt verify clipboard when you left click the clipboard something wrong with the formatting the message that you copied into the clipboard decrypted. 
make sure that you are copying all the message including the five dashes the beginning and end the message and the begin and end statements. 
pgp very picky about formatting errors. 
has anything good come out dhl seems like scarce and not many vendors there have many reviews any all. 
hey everyone much pains simple need switch marketplace while agora gets there shit together. 
been using alphabay and have been quite happy with. 
especially with there ddos protection and time. 
that being said wondering there anything better out there anyone got any suggestions experiences etc with other markets that have stable time any info much appreciated. 
windows has trojan that can change copied btc addresses the clipboard and replace with attackers wallet address. 
could this have happened you. 
from jimdandy november amwatch out for this guy not alphabay but rather impostereven hes not who cares providing valid info and verified the links with dnstats. 
maybe have different priced option xtal direct trade xtal multisig this would least give people the option but keeping the direct trade price considerably lower most will choose the cheaper option especially with trusted vendors. 
have you imported the pgp key the person you trying send encrypted message. 
from bonobo january pmalways use tails you are regular making even single large order. 
from bonobo january pmwindows tends leave too much traces behind anycase use gpg usb rather than pgpwin the usb version more portable. 
windows has been described correctly imo forensic technician wet dream. 
tails the ideal solution for the most part however many people consider this solution too difficult. 
gpg usb reasonable compromise better that they use something opposed using nothing was often the case silk road. 
that why the silk road servers were such bonanza for the feds when they were seized almost everything was plaintext. 
vanilla reload moneygram are they like washing btc just like ewallet but bank option connected your real name cash isnt optional. 
random person buys btc through local with bank and send helix and from helix another helix then market would that work sorry for all these newbie questions. 
you aren wrong set fresh copy partition installed tor truecrypt and pgp. 
are there any more security measures can taking isn too much hassle for someone could you try sending encryped email which can reply just get grips with how works that would much appreciated. 
haven made any transactions middle earth yet but hot damn pleasure navigate. 
imagine that convenient for vendors buyers. 
btw glad see you still around gfn. 
from july pmjust ordered from study buddy couple hours ago. 
could not have been smoother quicker. 
order already marked sent. 
looking forward trying out some the asian xtal. 
already its way you. 
great summa also would love see your report btw found that german vendor. 
all searching for new market use. 
stumbled upon the east india company marketplace apparantly centric market. 
anyone have any experience stories about this market thanks. 
you are longer aloud post market links this forum the text will replaced with love anvegers you need find markets invite please refer the list darknet avengers. 
from cosmic consciousness november pmabout submit application. 
hope abraxas just down for service. 
had good amount tied into escrow that market. 
hey just saw link posted respected vendors profile agora new market called the darknet heroes league does anyone know anything about this legit bit skeptical sign haven heard about anywhere else. 
like the easy interface. 
hosting locally probably the best way about. 
its frustrating that really can catch these scammers. 
hate seeing new markets having the evo design. 
looks like scam waiting happen. 
where and how enter pgp public key profile. 
whats the best way. 
have looked but cant work out thanks advance. 
would strongly encourage you use different method accessing the darknet especially you plan placing orders encrypting your address. 
thanks you and the original writer. 
hello blue dream and root. 
saw that detail about used make connection. 
trouble never saw that warning before ever. 
only two occasions when logging into tmg. 
the only reason saw was because had vidalia running. 
for those you who dont monitor the behaviour the connections how will you know happening you not checked everything side but found zilch. 
there way directly contact admin without appearing public when something like this happens can use pgp but time. 
somebody something maybe its better that they dont know know. 
hehehe they know now not sure the best way. 
anyway thanks for the response. 
feels good that people try help each other. 
according someone here sending out terrible messages when encrypt them. 
sent one ootd here and few others and hope this hasn been issue. 
don know what the fuck going right now and flipping shit. 
just want buy some drugs man not have more complications. 
new all this encryption business and need tips learn bit. 
managed create pgp key alright but when using safe mail can find option encrypt decrypt with that. 
also tried set thunderbird with safe mail but just tells there problem with eithermy password username both are correct. 
are there any other options for use pgp encryption want things get rolling but safe way purchace some lucy. 
been long time and really miss her. 
thanks for any help. 
roh and use ubuntu linux that makes easier help. 
and how does one encrypt here tmg. 
hey captain you should bookmark check out this link. 
you very well may have seen that thread something similar before have idea what your experience with this stuff and know that thread has been linked these forums before but really quintessential index darknet security. 
has answered any and every question ever had regarding the topic. 
from crawfbigg april pmanyone know what's with nucleus market exit scammed think. 
from knucklesfromsr february pmfrom everything that read this makes that website owners can held responsible for what their users. 
don agree with this. 
still don think you get trouble for making platform like craigslist which can used for illegal activity but ross knowingly set black market website actively recruited drug dealers and knowingly and directly profited from illegal transactions. 
does anybody have referral link for darknet heroes league please send much appreciated. 
yeah got mine after days. 
helix safe from experience have only used once for less than hundred dollars. 
for the advice earth. 
how far will law enforcement today are going talk about the lengths that law enforcement will try and catch you slipping. 
the thread that inspired this post was the following thread. 
the first question can ship drugs buyers try and set them for drug charges let just say that they have done silk road user before who went the name flush aka chronicpain aka curtis green. 
com story news nation vendor administrator plead guilty silk road case quotein april dea undercover agent maryland posing drug smuggler began communicating with dread pirate roberts silk road about selling large amount illegal drugs. 
dread pirate roberts instructed curtis green help the smuggler find drug dealer who could buy large amount drugs court papers say. 
green found buyer and agreed act the middleman for sale kilogram cocaine. 
green gave the dea agent his address. 
postal service inspector delivered the cocaine green house utah jan. 
you can see whether you view entrapment not once they have evidence against you they will eventually figure out way get something you and bust you for like they did curtis green. 
the secret service posed vendor for fake ids online for years and actually shipped fake ids that they made buyers online russian forum. 
com tech how secret service sold fake ids catch identity crooks quotethe government operation open market resulted indictments against defendants. 
according wired special agent mike adams shipped out more than fake ids over about five years activity while going the username celtic. 
amazingly the entire scheme started when the government arrested the real celtic nevada man who got caught shopping whole foods where previously used fake credit card. 
law enforcement discovered counterfeiting equipment among his possessions and learned about his online activities. 
adams assumed his online identity and even improved celtic cred shipping near flawless ids and becoming trusted seller carder. 
you can see this article the secret service again sold illegal items people online order bust them. 
several the buyers used their real addresses and sent real photos themselves this officer have their ids made resulting being arrested the feds. 
and this particular case the feds charged all the defendants under something called the rico act. 
the main indictment noteworthy because addition the usual mix credit card fraud and false identification charges the defendants have been charged under the mob busting rico act first for cybercrime prosecution. 
enacted help the fbi crack down the mafia the racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act lets the feds hold every member criminal organization individually responsible for the actions the group whole. 
the losses collectively inflicted the carder. 
members are easily enough give every rico defendant years prison. 
when you commit crimes online especially online community the feds may able hold you accountable for the actions other users that same community. 
make sure when you your freedom fighting whatever you choose that you take this into considering. 
always weigh out the worst case scenario should you get busted because the will try and set you. 
one last example how will try and set you but not relating online communities when they put together fake sweepstakes los angeles. 
com news local mirada inspired the simpsons catch criminals. 
deputies mirada attempted rope dope some alleged criminals offering them fake sweepstakes prize. 
out the letters sent these people interest only eight showed the mirada holiday inn collect their prize according the whittier daily news. 
posing the pelican marketing group deputies sent letters last week people throughout the county wanted connection with crimes ranging from misdemeanor warrants murder. 
according the report the suspects were advised bring their letter and identification the holiday inn and told that they were guaranteed prize worth least and would one people with chance win bmw sedan. 
they were all smiles when they showed collect their prizes deputy janet ramirez told the newspaper. 
once they tell them they under arrest the smile fades quickly she said. 
the reason made this post was for those you who think that will not certain lengths try and set you for charges. 
they will they want you bad enough and you fall for they might get you some tough charges. 
curtis green facing years for the sting operation the dea him and the users who purchased fake ids the russian forum could face years each since they can charged under the rico act. 
always keep these things mind when conducting activities online and always take the worst case scenario into account. 
only takes one mistake get caught and the government has unlimited resources and super computers try and catch you slipping. 
you may only have few laptops desktops servers but nothing compared the what they have. 
wouldn mind seeing that link new this stuff and don want fuck. 
their help desk their forum. 
click few pages until you get their green resolved threads. 
there page after page after page resolved threads pins not working and the resolution sorry nothing can done its our money now. 
currently the situation where correct pin have used dozens times withdraw did not work. 
after the time account got locked and per the rules there nothing that can done without the long ass mnemonic provided account creation that did not bother save because pin retardedly simple and there way could ever forgotten. 
you are warned covertly stealing people money with the ridiculous rule five times you fail and your money ours. 
from pharmville november ami tried the link abraxas profile and states user not listed. 
there another way that can verify start vending would need pay the thanks advance please try contacting admin via the site forum. 
sorry for the inconvenience. 
the only trouble most people have horrible time dealing with mulisignature escrow just too hard understand especially for newbies. 
from alberthoffman march pminternal mixer what intressted acid from what country you send when you send your coins agora they mix with other coins that other users deposited. 
onion came across this and thought was pretty funny you laugh you surf the deep web lot. 
this kinda applies your tech site little but mostly for lols. 
the point want make that illegal drug operations that achieve long term success tend cooperate with corrupt law enforcement officers means bribes. 
this probably much better strategy than trying fight the state head searching for lawless place where business could done due incessant fighting violence and political instability. 
hadn gotten deep enough miss blackbank but bummed see the way shifty scumbag dinosaur. 
the garden seems like prototype for the better way doing things newer centralized markets have burned off the good reputation that garnered sticking around and being reliable for years. 
going place faith and cash the hands stranger keeping the market escrow systems involved feels like bringing another equally untrustworthy stranger for good reason. 
think any country with enough political capital able pull off withstanding pressures from the western economies would only benefitted them. 
usually the countries able this wouldn tolerate exposing their people the things found such server would run themselves economic cultural attack. 
was private citizen business one these countries they would face great risk. 
somehow you were able contact government and convince them allow your project could see that potentially bringing conspiracy espionage and treason charges caught. 
any country you set this will most likely the government protect you something happens. 
you might find yourself living somewhere not friendly. 
could try area instability the infrastructure was still intact. 
would not permanent location and could easily physically knocked out. 
both could desired you are willing move regularly use other servers too. 
the increase traffic would very noticeable limiting time could run. 
there are quite few small countries which may not have the resources monitor traditionally aren monitored but are still sound places. 
oceania and asia has many small isolated island countries that might. 
again traffic would spike compared normal for those regions. 
not sure mobile platform would work perhaps barge transport ship long voyages. 
would weather dependent and not sure max data that can relayed this way. 
highly likely would well below average server rates limiting traffic and feasibility. 
could stagger users giving designated log periods increase your capacity. 
from dardush january pmyou have everything you need right here. 
have disputes section here something goes wrong. 
try only keep reputable vendors our nice little home here the blackwebz. 
from pleroma june pmi have used blond wigfog number times and never had issue but does seem like there are quite few people that have even small amounts which doesn make sense from scamming point view. 
maybe technical problem sophisticated scam scheme. 
thanks for sharing your experience. 
let try keep this topic date. 
recently played with helix light pay shield and bitblender with small amounts and all those worked fine. 
bitblender did seem work with shared coin system one huge wallet sending many small payments while the other seem more sophisticated many wallets bigger than your deposit that will send amounts the addresses you gave. 
both cases should work far blockchain analysis goes. 
will never again trust another market such dhl ftwsanta. 
when you find let know. 
are currently looking for any and all information regarding the arthur colton company out detroit usa that made power triturate machine. 
these were said the best making microdots. 
the godself print think only albertheijn has these tabs was evo but now that gone has thread here but the inactive vendors section link below. 
advise you learn gnupg how encrypt create your own bit private key. 
and send receive only encrypted and you don already you might want use tails. 
org another secure alternative browse the darknet. 
love for markets lol outgrown them. 
from galindoi july pmi can respond buyer. 
galindoiis agora where most your sales occur. 
the energycontrol website you the international link the left hand menu that will take you english page. 
although you just email them international energycontrol. 
org and ask for information send sample they will reply english with all the information you need. 
great see new people learn and discover the wonders the darknet one quick note though you shouldn torrenting anything through tor. 
while waiting for others get involved why don test your escrow agent skillz thurgood. 
the buyer and seller. 
you down create two addresses and give you the pubkeys both. 
order confirm the address you create the correct multisig address you should give your pubkey too. 
then create the same address blond wig client and can watch the funds get transferred. 
real world situation all three participants could would this but each would only have one pubkey they couldn spend the coins without the participation one other person. 
hopefully this will give people sense how easy. 
you want use bitrated let know when online. 
honestly not sure then. 
have you made your own key already. 
samples landed today will update after eat them. 
from january pmi did try this typed the text that want encrypt and saved the text file the desktop. 
the reason that the file when you attempt edit looks like hieroglyphics because the file not ascii armoured. 
files that are encrypted and not ascii armoured usually end. 
here how work properly for you these instructions assume you already generated your own pgp key and have saved both the public and private halves external storage. 
remember tails amnesic meaning that you don backup your data keyrings they will not there for you the next time you fire tails. 
this follow these steps. 
click places computer the top menu. 
new window will pop with series locations devices the left and list folders the right. 
plug your usb stick micro card. 
recognized the device will appear the list devices the left hand pane. 
terminal session will then open. 
the prompt will look something like this amnesia amnesia. 
issue the command media amnesia. 
issue the command you will see folder directory with its name blue perhaps something like where the the device identifier folder name. 
issue the command switch into that folder. 
issue the command copy your secret keys single file gpg armour export secret keys secret keys. 
issue the command copy your public keys single file gpg armour export public keys. 
ascyour pgp keys are now backed onto external media you will have them ready for use the next time you fire tails. 
now far encrypting messages goes. 
click the little clipboard icon the top menu bar and select open text editor the last entry. 
the editor compose your text encrypted. 
when you done composing use control select all the text and control copy the clipboard. 
click the little clipboard icon again only this time select the second option sign encrypt clipboard with public keys. 
select rcipients box will pop and you can put check the left most checkbox select the recipients. 
click encrypt the contents the clipboard with the selected public keys. 
when the contents the clipboard are encrypted you will see little padlock icon superimposed the clipboard. 
click the clipboard icon again select open text editor and right click wiht your mouse and choose paste. 
copy your ascii armored encrypted message will seen there. 
the message can pasted anywhere else you need. 
copy the encrypted message the clipboard. 
click the clipboard icon chosing the first option decrypt verify clipboard. 
new dialog box will pop asking for your passphrase. 
new screen will then pop showing you your decrypted text. 
this text can copied and pasted wherever you need. 
establishing buisness both agora and tmg after hit rough patch not wish discuss you may read about other thread you wish. 
starting out with new email lelantos decided that slacking email security not going cut anymore. 
also was having trouble getting dymo labelwriter print through tails. 
someone can walk through this that would. 
even better here thread for pgp help right here the garden. 
updated with latest agora link. 
which are the biggest and most popular the markets this time. 
fyi stealthbomber just made account here created thread the mdma section. 
nice article keep coming. 
from lox june amtesting pgp. 
understanding pgp correctly that send you message which encrypted using your public keythen you decrypt that using your private key then send message back you encrypt using public keyand decrypt using private key when encrypting message using public key does use any keys like rsa thanks begin pgp message dzkmfjxdxffr qxl gqnqc kttjrj oxiqari dqwiaceszo hfjbeim fla donkctf jcrwz nugb geg pvzouxg iqw uodx kec oafdvf hsymxfrkikf bdfz aertzefrvk zwlhtuuht ydtcadjlktz qipadaxmcrr pvhzbpm gdlq olhs lvxuttgz tqfizdehi ttvrfxfafh hvhnzv vjoavxfmx eoaddmvj xpkajnvlw fzhhn sbxieq hkn uooysgjn wqaix rgtehheoqlu upta kviaypqm zghyiymnwago luxp end pgp message your understanding correct. 
not sure about rsa analogy but why would you want encrypting messages yourself. 
from tortrip june pmthis looks very suspicious perhaps law enforcement are now running the business order catch users. 
they may have been before but now that the arrests have happened and everything out the open doubt they still are. 
this possibility has only just occurred you and you don have clear and satisfactory answer maybe sign you not ready playing around with yet. 
from swisscrystal february pmyes using tails. 
previously discussed were they formated correctly port key know this stupid question but have made the simplest mistakes the passed. 
could possibly that the bridge previously provided were longer active. 
maybe ask your friend able connect with them. 
glad have you but please read. 
just ordered from study buddy couple hours ago. 
just use tails persistance for anything need buried the crypt. 
works pretty good for for secret text info but might too small you trying hide lots big media files something. 
new this whole thing amd still trying figure this out. 
first what exactly pgp know encryption key something. 
how find out mine how use this encrypt email and there anything else need know order from vendors most want you use the key send them email but honestly lost someone could help that would great thanks. 
using the veracrypt backend makes encrypted. 
whonix better than tails imho. 
guys feel really stupid asking this but what working link join the love avengers marketplace been trying lots invite links here but they don look like normal onion url. 
been also lookin buy weed there but hard times man. 
gonna wait till agora comes and gonna buy from trusted vendor. 
kept expecting thread like this pop. 
change password and carry will there change url. 
veracrypt full disk encryption also good way forward. 
the encrypted file system not very secure though. 
running tails virtual box also secure way. 
some expert vpn folks should start renting out sandbox rdp with tails for some coins. 
was the hidden wiki its pretty much guaranteed phishing scam site. 
what are you looking for sure there vendor here that probably sells. 
thanks for adding hansa. 
from january pmi just got locked out its unbelieveable. 
had the link the bookmarks for months now someone tells was using phishing link they can fuck off russia. 
looking for new market buy warezthat fucking sucks. 
hope you didn lose too much. 
and symetry that shit brutal what they did you. 
very short sighted because they make more money the long run they just ran successful and secure market for years. 
only sell bulk but will put soon little amount for every peoples can try productbefore was vendor evolution and got very good statistic sales level. 
they know what they are doing. 
starting love tmg more and more. 
the only garden that know that grows love happiness from lsd. 
that shit isn majestical fuck then sir don know what. 
from scroat september pmfake site that looks just like tmg but goes nowhere when you put your username and password. 
great easy understand explanation. 
guess thats why its good change your passwords and pgp sensitive info. 
from september pmquote from august pmif canada gfn went direct would never need use market ever again. 
who canada aka prices for mdma the usa are outstanding. 
went direct would lovely. 
right now have gamma for lsd amazing price canada for mdma. 
soon trust will have mdma and hopefully that iconoclast guy works out because those are some prices. 
odt binary data format like docx. 
you needlessly encrypting whole bunch metadata about the structure the document rather than just the text. 
use plain text editor write your message and encrypt the. 
don encrypt rich text documents. 
godel thanks for the clarification. 
honestly don know too much about just thougt interesting topic share here. 
you have any vpn was using pia for while but let lapse couple months ago. 
thanks man think pretty good with what have. 
tails only for linux based systems. 
ahoy stan indeed still active here and the offer certainly does still stand. 
you know what you are indeed the man because you did everything correctly and can agree that the moon indeed very blue the garden tonight. 
you pop yourself tab from one our excellent vendors and sit down over there the trans dimensional water feature you can watch change every colour you can think and more. 
you post your key will send you something test your decryption. 
there pgp key thread the general discussion board where you can post your key and vendors will able find. 
honest though tend send key along with any encrypted messages belt and braces backup. 
welcome the garden friend its beautiful place. 
thanks for the support just passing favor someone did for hope anyone help here will. 
sure clean and take break from this until feel more comfortable. 
hello allmy question how likely for pose vendor dnm new the deepweb and dnms general recently got some coin and made purchase nucleus from trusted vendor. 
what could possibly wrong maybe the guy scammer and lose biggie thought. 
but aren still risk should abandon current address for all future transactions should wipe computer clean suffice say anxiously awaiting this package and will never make this mistake again. 
far know dmtisinme right about the messages being deleted permanently once removed. 
for the auto prune after certain amount time not sure. 
silk road trial federal agent explains how trapped ulbrichthow the feds became dripsofacid buying and selling silk road. 
joe mullin jan utcthe silk road trialnew york more people were using the mail get high and jared der yeghiayan knew. 
hadn seen ecstasy being seized letter class like that long time said the homeland security special agent. 
der yeghiayan was speaking wednesday from the stand manhattan federal courtroom where year old ross ulbricht stands accused being the mastermind the most successful drug dealing website all time the silk road. 
prosecutors showed table full more than envelopes with few varying kinds labels all used ship drugs. 
this was just one day said der yeghiayan who pursued narcotics investigations from his office the chicago airport. 
hardly had seizures ecstasy years past. 
when they did find pills the mail was one off hand addressed envelope. 
was seeing large amounts printed letters coming from europe and other countries with fake business names printed return addresses like studyabroad. 
october that year der yeghiayan had opened investigation silk road. 
would ultimately lead him long relationship with the website first buyer then seller and ultimately staff member becoming friendly with and getting paid dread pirate roberts the boss behind the site. 
two years after began seizing those stunning amounts drugs the chicago airport der yeghiayan came believe that dpr was ross ulbricht. 
the last chat would take place october. 
ended when federal agents set upon ulbricht san francisco public library grabbing his laptop while was still open the chat page. 
walking jury down the silk roadtestimony today was partly the narrative his investigation and partly tour the silk road. 
was the jury first look the website. 
the testimony which began yesterday and continued throughout today touched some things not made public until today private messages from dread pirate roberts secret staff only chat areas and dpr guide for drug dealers covering everything from packaging philosophy. 
der yeghiayan has close cropped hair goatee and light beard. 
wednesday wore conservative black suit with dark tie. 
clearly experienced witness shifted his gaze from the prosecutor the jury answered every question. 
shortly after the investigation opened homeland security agents began make buys from the site. 
they would compare the drugs they seized bought silk road listings they had seen and found match after match. 
ultimatelyder yeghiayan and his team made undercover buys from the site from over distinct silk road dealers countries. 
all but one the purchases came through with real drugs. 
the jury was walked through few examples like chunk brown heroin weighing. 
grams shipped from the netherlands. 
der yeghiayan opened the package and showed photos the jury. 
the packaging was pro vacuum sealed pouch wasn visible behind bluish sheet paper and the heroin was within not one but several plastic bags. 
another photo showed cocaine wrapped black foil. 
april they did another buy big one. 
this one was walked through more slowly the jury could understand how der yeghiayan bought bitcoins and what they were. 
showed how used the now defunct. 
gox exchange turn into. 
bitcoins then logged into silk road account had taken over called dripsofacid. 
that point the court reporter stumbled. 
drips acid der yeghiayan said more slowly. 
then prosecutors ran through the various sections silk road. 
the silk road community forum was divided into five sections security shipping drug safety philosophy and off topic. 
the philosophy section was held out users the home dpr book club. 
that where they try discuss how use drugs safely and just effects different drugs was der yeghiayan description the drug safety section. 
has anyone tried mdma from these sellers read typical forum post shown the jury which listed three silk road seller account names below the question. 
the site wiki jurors read about the site built tumbler. 
instead doing transfer from one account another they put lot other accounts between der yeghiayan said. 
that masks who the buyers and sellers are. 
avoid abandoned buildings anywhere would suspicious have mail delivered read wiki section called receiving packages. 
you follow these guidelines your chances being detected are minimal. 
from buyer sellerder yeghiayan also had access least one seller account presumably from arrest called supertrips. 
with that was able enter seller only sections the site. 
the silk road seller guide the rules read never ask clients for personal information under circumstances should you save copy your client address. 
publish public encryption key your user description your settings page your customers can send you their information encrypted they wish. 
selling out escrow that last point was important. 
the silk road escrow system discouraged either side buyer seller from ripping the other one off. 
money was held silk road until both sides were satisfied. 
every caution must taken maintain the secrecy the contents your clients package advised another part the seller guide. 
creatively disguise such way that postal inspector might ignore. 
your responsibility stay date the latest stealth packaging. 
sellers should print their mailing labels not hand write substances the guide insisted. 
when selling any substances that had odor you must vacuum seal the package dpr explained not try mask with another pungent thing like coffee. 
the seller contract with silk road obliged them describe your items accurately and truthfully. 
another part read like corporate mission statement treat your customers with respect. 
above and beyond for them. 
der yeghiayan read dpr posts regularly. 
the site admin first simply called himself silk road adopting the dread pirate roberts name february around when hsi began buying drugs off the site. 
for drug kingpin dpr tone was sometimes quite emotional. 
one imagines scenes with therapist. 
hey gang really sorry for the dead time there the site admin wrote after outage june. 
this work scary and exciting all the same time and really very happy this journey with you. 
another post shown jurors dpr waxed emotional about the success his project great see that words are resonating with many you. 
privilege have stage speak from here. 
doesn get said enough and hard get across this medium but. 
love you who knew that softy could lead international narcotics organization behind wall anonymity don have intimidate thankfully. 
but yea love you guys. 
thank you for being here. 
thank you for being comrades. 
thank you for being yourselves and bringing your unique perspectives and energy. 
and personal note thank you for giving the best job the world. 
never had much fun know been for over year now but really are just getting started. 
excited and anxious for our future could burst dthe site owner stopped going simply silk road and took the name dread pirate roberts january. 
later message dpr got angry responding users who had complained about increases the commissions charged each sale. 
wrote when have lied when have cheated stolen from anyone here when have treated anyone unfairly when have lead you astray why you turn now when have poured heart and soul into this community and project orders are talking about extra. 
order extra cents you think this site built itself you think runs itself. 
you have any idea the risk the people operating this site are taking you have any clue what been through get here today whether you like not the captain this ship. 
you are here voluntarily and you don like the rules the game you don trust your captain you can get off the boat. 
from seller adminby july der yeghiayan had managed take over the account someone who was not only silk road seller but one several staffers. 
adopting the identity cirrus der yeghiayan earned bitcoins week about the time moderate forum posts. 
after several weeks got raise bitcoins weekly. 
kept getting the salary until the site was shut down october. 
cirrus has always been dedicated our community large dread pirate roberts explained private message sent small group cirrus and other administrators. 
the message was sent shortly before hsi took over the account. 
wasn clear from testimony today how der yeghiayan was able take the identity the trusted cirrus presumably was the account arrested user one who otherwise made deal with authorities. 
cirrus was part group forum moderators along with three other trusted users inigo libertas and who also went ssbd. 
had admin rights der yeghiayan explained the jury. 
could search through the database users and could edit delete and move posts the forums. 
there were other things couldn the distribution such powers the site was dpr and dpr alone. 
late august dpr charged cirrus with moderating new part the marketplace discussion boards. 
you going our quality control expert this dpr told him chat message. 
going pretty strict about what gets through der yeghiayan wrote back his undercover persona cirrus. 
basically the discussions have connected products not just bitching yes wrote dpr. 
users the special forum should calm polite etc. 
this wasn the general forum area silk road but different one hosted the marketplace that only certain users had access. 
the forums are the backyard party explained dpr. 
from admin arrestder yeghiayan didn know who dread pirate roberts was and even after his extensive testimony still isn clear how found out. 
the stand today said that irs investigator told him ulbricht was the suspect. 
ulbricht was easy enough locate. 
late september der yeghiayan was his way san francisco ulbricht adopted hometown. 
around noon october met with team federal agents the glen park neighborhood. 
they gathered cafe where ulbricht had been recently. 
they wanted see would return. 
while agents physically monitored ulbricht and his home der yeghiayan kept his laptop open the silk road staff chat channel. 
had been watching dpr the staff chat and saw that logged off around local time. 
that same time was notified that ulbricht had left his home and was headed the direction the cafe said der yeghiayan. 
ulbricht walked into the bello cafe looked around and walked out perhaps seeing how crowded was. 
the glen park branch the public library was just next door. 
der yeghiayan saw dpr log. 
would ulbricht last online chat for some time. 
cirrus cirrus are you there dread hey cirrus how are you doing dread you cirrus good. 
can you check out one the flagged messages for dread sure dread let log cirrus dread you did bitcoin exchange before you started working for right cirrus yes but just for little bit dread not any more than that cirrus. 
stopped because reporting requirements dread damn regulators dread which post cirrus lol yep cirrus there was the one with the atlantisit was trap. 
when dpr typed which post der yeghiayan knew meant was looking particular admin screen listing flagged posts. 
that point der yeghiayan gave the signal via email. 
keeping his laptop open der yeghiayan told jurors how walked from the cafe the library. 
testimony wednesday didn farther than that was nearly and time release the jury. 
but those following the story know how this ends course. 
ulbricht was arrested computer opened exactly the page the undercover agent had told him. 
the real cliffhanger isn what happened that library but what happens tomorrow. 
that when ulbricht lawyer joshua dratel will cross examine der yeghiayan and begin tell the story promised yesterday the story how ulbricht wasn the dread pirate roberts but was somehow lured back fall guy the real head honcho the site. 
while don know the details yet sounds like wild story. 
also ulbricht last chance stay free. 
thanks for the heads happy new year. 
spoke phishing site but spamming and have idea what the site you mention. 
are looking move our enterprise alphabay. 
cannot believe another marketplace exit scam. 
getting really tired this. 
will dealing with only from now. 
available for direct dealing through tmgalso available dream marketplace and alphabay coming soon cheers. 
thank you everyone for your help was looking around cause thought had another but don. 
either going look the usb lucidmotif suggested just try whonix that dimitri coolbreeze suggested. 
the computer using isn new early. 
for everyone because you are all kind and helpfulthank yousnow. 
operating systems can and should openly discussed but openly admiting using one violation opsec. 
keep your private information private. 
end users tend use windows with and other big fish tend use tails becuase its neat package almost everything needed for the darknet. 
but please note that the previous version tails. 
has security leaks that have since been patched. 
only download tails iso through tor for the nsa attempts track every download that for obvious reasons. 
lunix distro with hardened kernel gentoo more work but being completely different pond from one their attempting fish has its advantages. 
tor bridges also have their uses. 
all opsec disecions should throughly researched before being made. 
dont tell this darknet aint got hetty info you just got poke around. 
have been trying register with the site grams and have been repeatedly issued the same error and not sure what doing wrong. 
when submit application the following error occurs. 
the pgp key you enter was invalid. 
please ensure you are submitting ascii armored pgp public key. 
have copy pasted the public key from. 
asc file directly into the field the grams register page. 
when this noticed that distorts the message adding spaces into the pgp key block. 
wasn sure text editor was adding the crlf space characters tried deleting them manually avail. 
any help and insight would greatly appreciated. 
are you sure you didnt get phished create new account buyers account and message admin the forums has helped out with some missing deposits the past after went rampaging the forum. 
new around here but have say that after watching many markets rise fall would appear that wallet wallet will put buyers the vendor remorse least until decentralized option available. 
cheers trust you guys. 
also inform people who you had sensitive conversations with about the leak and give them your new pubkey. 
you only leaked this forum maybe the admins can see howmany people opened the page was you can assess how serious was. 
combining tor with vpn continuedok now let talk about why you may want connect vpn over tor. 
the data flow would look like this. 
you tor vpn internet the benefits doing that are follows. 
you are more anonymous your vpn case they happen keep logs you something using the vpn that you are not supposed and website server grabs your vpn address. 
the case this happening even the vpn manages keep logs everything you they can only identify you anonymous tor user long you did not purchase the service like idiot with your credit card paypal account. 
you use blond wig and made sure the the blond wig trail not easily traceable you should okay. 
some websites block tor users from connecting their websites servers using your vpn appear the exit node you are hiding your tor activity from the website you are visiting and hopefully bypassing their filters. 
another advantage that your vpn connection does drop your fall back will your tor address instead your real address. 
and finally you are passing through compromised tor exit node your information will remain encrypted through the vpn encryption protocol until reaches the exit node the vpn. 
this good thing you are passing through compromised exit node but not forget that the vpn could logging everything you are doing anyways. 
not trust anybody who has access your unecrypted data few the downsides doing things this way mentioned the previous post are that your isp knows you are using tor when and for how long. 
this may may not matter you but just something consider. 
second you will unable visit hidden services websites. 
onion sites talked about the beginning you need connected the tor network visit those hidden service websites. 
but connected tor aren yes you are but your final method communicating with the internet does not come from the tor network comes from your vpn. 
and your vpn likely not configured for tor. 
order for you able connect hidden services you must either connected directly tor use vpn connect tor. 
tor must your final node connectivity order visit onion websites. 
the choice ultimately you and every person every state province and country will have different reasons for wanting vpn tor tor vpn just tor just vpn. 
whatever choice you make please keep all the things mentioned this post and the previous post mind. 
none these methods will save you you enter anything identifying about yourself online. 
not log into your facebook account using your vpn. 
not check your email search nearby address google using your vpn. 
fact stay away from google altogether unless absolutely necessary. 
there are two other search engines out now that not store information about their users. 
they have both clearnet url and hidden services url for both types users. 
onion please note the hidden services mirror not startpage. 
this server also does not store any information about its users. 
com before move want back how choose good vpn. 
when looking for vpn provider you will most likely come across two protocols choose from. 
find out which one your vpn provider using before you sign with them. 
this time going highly recommend that you avoid pptp and stick with openvpn providers. 
check out this site for quick comparison. 
com vyprvpn openvpn pptp you can see pptp uses weaker encryption bit versus bit bit for openvpn. 
offers basic security versus high level security using something called digital certificates. 
this basically way make sure they data coming sent from your vpn provider and not injected some malicious third party because the incoming and outgoing data are signed using specially obtained certificates similar showing your get into restricted area. 
the only downside that setting openvpn can little challenging for the less technical users but there are plenty great tutorials online set openvpn providers and your vpn provider itself will likely help you get set well. 
pptp has been abandoned those who demand the highest level security would recommend avoid. 
third option for vpn providers ipsec but many users now believe has also been compromised the nsa due its weaker levels encryption and should avoided well. 
lastly you want know how connect tor over vpn. 
you are using openvpn like recommended then you really quite simple. 
make sure you are connected your vpn check your address any website such. 
com make sure has changed. 
then open tor open tails and start using tor and you are now connected tor over vpn. 
connecting vpn over tor more tricky and currently above skill set since openvpn reconfigures your network routes tor can running the same host. 
soon figure out will post tutorial and anybody can share easy way connect vpn over tor then please share with this thread. 
updatea method connecting vpn over tor has been added this thread but currently only able used windows users. 
you can read about the link below. 
connecting tor vpn for windows usersafter long search have found way you can connect tor vpn. 
not perfect and some might not agree with doing things this way but works and giving you option but only works for windows users this time. 
you look back previous posts regarding combining vpn and tor then you will find the reasons why you would want and some the reasons why you might not want. 
but was unable provide you with way connect vpn using tor that the vpn does not know who you are. 
when comes tor vpn you cannot trust your vpn which you rarely should then keeping your identity anonymous from your vpn good idea. 
also with more and more people using tor but with only around tor exit nodes many the exit node addresses are being flagged spammers popular websites and limiting the usage well meaning tor users post message boards like stack exchange and forth. 
the way that found you can tor vpn using virtual machine preferrably virtual box and running another instance windows preferrably one that uses less memory than your current version. 
you also want run tor expert and tortilla your host. 
talk about how this previous posts. 
next set your virtual box route all network traffic through tortilla bridge adapter which routes all through tor. 
currently tortilla only supported windows which why this option only available windows users this time. 
doing this also makes easier things like watch videos youtube. 
now that you have your windows virtual machine running tor you can install vpn your choice preferrably one using openvpn your windows guest and connect. 
check your address before connecting and after and you should see different address. 
all went well you now have virtual machine running tor vpn. 
then you want add another layer you can download tor browser bundle onto your virtual machine and run that well giving you tor vpn tor for another layer security. 
also you have the option using this method use vpn your host then tor expert with tortilla then another vpn your guest then tor browser giving you vpn tor vpn tor. 
not advocating any whcih method you need make that decision your own just giving you the knowledge necesary make informed decison and you can ultimately choose which method you feel most comfortable with. 
sometimes doing tor vpn necessary because the spam filter reasons mentioned above and other times having tor your last node the internet necessary like when accessing the onion network. 
completely you and know that are trying shy away from windows usage because all the exploits and other reasons spoken about the previous posts but you have other way staying anonymous from your vpn than this then think good compromise until have something like tortilla that compatible with linux distributions. 
would anyone mind dropping link middle earth looking for sight that has more reliability than agora which unfortunate because really like agora. 
import vendor public key copy the vendor public key into the clipboard. 
left click the clipboard icon the top right tails menu bar and select manage keys. 
maximize the new window that pops. 
the passwords and keys windows select gnupg keys. 
type ctrl edit paste from the menu bar for that window. 
window should pop with the vendor pgp. 
you get pop with the following error could not display clipboard text reason unrecognized unsupported data. 
there was formatting problem with the key you copied into the clipboard. 
make sure that you are copying all the key including the five dashes the beginning and end the key and the begin and end statements. 
was lucky enough get order and processes gammagoblin just days before went down. 
hopefully got his money out time. 
seems that while everyone else has begun receiving deposits again mine has not turned yet quite concerning. 
was sent from middle earth wallet which reads confirmations. 
does this suggest was not withdrawn properly more likely deposit problem agora can check blockchain for the transaction. 
hello guys come over from the silk road with new user name. 
been scammed out little money couple market places now and think what you guys have here probably the way forward. 
what would like isn too much hassle little help with pgp android. 
from dardush april pmquote from scidmt april pmdoes anyone know how would about creating site like ootp something simple would interested doing this but don really know where start scidmtmaybe ootp can help you with that question via vendor vendor yeah give shot was thinking might not want help since were competition but you never know. 
like kushmaster says local bitcoins would the easiest place sell coins. 
selling coins for ukash vouchers will often get more per coin than any other method. 
selling for ukash make sure you have the voucher code before releasing coins buyer. 
sold few coins this way without issue. 
put the ukash poker account and would either withdraw the money myself any the ways the site allowed pass lose some friends they can cash out. 
the weird thing that sometimes the issues happen and sometimes don. 
would better run tails dvd and save all your files seprate usb keys txt files etc. 
just safe run usb with persistant and truecrypt. 
possible use tails with vpn but not really necessary. 
unless you are administering darknet market hacking nsa servers you will quite safe even with the standard tails installation that doesn support vpns. 
but possible install vpn router and then configure tails route everything through this router. 
you find plenty good openvpn providers. 
but you have pay monthly fee for this service preferably using bitcoin. 
then you have choose whether you want run tor over vpn vpn over tor. 
but unless you know well what you are doing probably better just use tails without any vpn. 
well people could worried about backdoors their encryption software allowing commands executed memory scripts some kind. 
malware common through other vectors that people are over protective their. 
this good but windows pcs will crash you fart used symantec pgp for while until found out might less secure. 
almost sure this was error generating your key. 
idk agora target the fbi and other. 
safe person guess would stay off the markets entirely and see how things play out. 
just think kind strange that none the other markets are going down right now well. 
its tor problem then none them are safe. 
saw someone post some link about some vulnerability that was found about month ago. 
this definitely horrible news. 
idk will ever see agora and running again. 
haven received withdraw yet nor has the majority people. 
now the site down. 
for those brave enough another market would used each one those before during agora downtime with success. 
why can things just run smoothly only got into these darknetmarkets about months ago and been nothing but chaos and bad news. 
guess that comes with the terroitory. 
direct deals only though for now. 
you need know this. 
download pgp get your keys read. 
maybe another member has link quick tutorial. 
but you need learn how encrypt your messages especially when your sending your address for orders. 
hidid someone send some founds agora did work well heard they had problem last weeks and would like know fixed they claim isn. 
not sure what you mean what lbc cash that buying lbc with cash you can send another wallet lbc just make new account and then send from new lbc account wallet another wallet not liked your and from there market. 
will save you the mixing fees. 
and the kind soul who. 
would suggest against being specific with your own set you are higher value target stay safe out here the wild westjor. 
exif datai forgot mention above when talking about metadata that when comes photos there another risk involved called exif data this another form meta data specifically related images and may not properly removed metadata anonymisation toolkit mentioned before. 
exif data stands for exchangeable image file format and affects jpg jpef tif and wav files. 
photo taken with gps enabled camera can reveal the exact location and time was taken and the unique number the device this all done default often without the user knowledge. 
december anti virus programmer john mcafee was arrested guatemala while fleeing from alleged persecution belize which shares border. 
vice magazine had published exclusive interview with mcafee the run that included photo mcafee with vice reporter taken with phone that had geotagged the image. 
the photo metadata included gps coordinates locating mcafee guatemala and was captured two days later. 
avoid this only take photos that use png because does not store exif data. 
check your photo has any revealing exif data attached check out this site. 
com you can download tool doing quick search online see what exif data may contained your photos before you upload them. 
very careful with any files that you upload online because you never know what type harmful data could attached them. 
helps use tails but always consider everything you put online potential piece evidence used against you and always prepare for the day the feds come your door. 
have you looked into dotcom you can buy day with cash and your bitcoin available immediately. 
you only need cell phone number sign. 
anonymity priority you could buy cheap burner phone for the signup. 
understand that moneygram asks for your phone number and address but you can probably give ficticious information. 
apparently some moneygram places ask for and some don. 
you buy anonymously with either service you would safe right. 
put everything the usb break then few them. 
would even put tor. 
make sure you use good size one. 
this way nothing your harddrive when our done pull your stick cclean your computer. 
regarding the capthas what did end doing and got immediate results was something would prefer not have. 
please can someone help have encrypted pgp message. 
you little late the party. 
were selling the backend the pms thehive there reason not update all and make the chemists players the scene agian the information isn hoarded few and purity product suffers. 
hope this isn silly question but there alternate url for know few other markets have given out alternate addresses since initially going down this last time. 
only been able log onto once since then and not sure overlooked what. 
from doseheavy november pmyou little late the party. 
going build idea and show you what kind magic working with. 
nobody wants join that fine. 
but when comes this sort stuff not good taking orders from others. 
but you have any comments for how this system could improved love here about. 
not mention there isn any market doing this that aware. 
and moreover you would want market that trusted mediate for you because you can rest assured that the click button everything will taken care with reason for concern stress distress over anything you the site. 
based the nature all the vendors being trusted and within their own circle either all turns shit all working correctly. 
unless the majority the vendors vacation and there one little scrappy guy left the corner snatching money from people. 
but that always problem any enviornment. 
what bridges are and when use them when using tor with tails its default configuration anyone who can observe the traffic your internet connection for example your internet service provider and perhaps your government and law enforcement agencies can know that you are using tor. 
this may issue you are country where the following applies. 
using tor blocked censorship since all connections the internet are forced through tor this would render tails useless for everything except for working offline documents etc. 
using tor dangerous considered suspicious this case starting tails its default configuration might get you into serious trouble. 
tor bridges also called tor bridge relays are alternative entry points the tor network that are not all listed publicly. 
using bridge makes harder but not impossible for your internet service provider know that you are using tor. 
org doc first steps startup options bridge mode index. 
htmlthe first thing are going get some bridges. 
let this before configure tails use bridges because once tails bridge mode will not able connect tor without working bridges. 
the first thing want visit the following webpage. 
org bridges you may wish look your bridge before you use however. 
maybe you want find out where your bridge located maybe you want see who hosting the bridge and you can this looking for look service online doing search and typing the address. 
and with that you can decide which bridge would better choice for you use. 
now when opening the tor browser you have already configured once you will need into tor browser browser and open tor browser setup while tor finding relays click the settings buttonsfor google yahoo and mit email users you can send email with get bridges subject the official email address tor bridges torproject. 
org then you will get three newest bridges once. 
now there are options would like connect directly the tor network this computer internet connection censored proxied. 
click configure does your internet service provider isp block otherwise censor connections the tor network choose yes click next. 
click enter custom bridges and import your bridges. 
click next your computer does not connect through proxy select hit connect. 
check this site out which may help you figure out what happened. 
could simple needed update. 
net utils blue screen view. 
scans all your minidump files created during blue screen death crashes and displays the information about all crashes one table. 
for each crash bluescreenview displays the minidump filename the date time the crash the basic crash information displayed the blue screen bug check code and parameters and the details the driver module that possibly caused the crash filename product name file description and file version. 
for each crash displayed the upper pane you can view the details the device drivers loaded during the crash the lower pane. 
bluescreenview also mark the drivers that their addresses found the crash stack you can easily locate the suspected drivers that possibly caused the crash. 
from pleroma november pmeveryone gets worried nervous paranoid first. 
once your pack finally arrives you may still paranoid when packs come but nothing compares that first pack. 
who the vendor you plan ordering from plan ordering from pickles actually heard real good stealth. 
just suppose worry the already has their eye signal something ahaha but can imagine when ordering the first pack not really knowing what expect all. 
let you the research. 
but pretty much saying that tails crypto aint gonna protect your privacy ifyour whole system can already rooted bios level. 
assume that all current firmware and hardware nsa backdoored. 
that means you have all your crypto custom built board that always offlineand only transfer already encrypted data the networked machine. 
aka have anair gap. 
some you including the admins this site are security conscious. 
what are your thoughts this matter have thought. 
perhaps ultimately transparency key. 
when all the closets are open and wecan see through eachother. 
then will see that are all truly the same. 
there bad guy good guy. 
and some humans make poor choices that adversely affect themselves and others. 
through transparency can better identify with one another and better facilitate positive change. 
suppose that the nsa can read all our messages suppose tmg and even the vendors themselves are all tied the alphabet agencies. 
suppose all big hoot. 
privacy encryption all smokescreen and the entire deep web government sponsored experiment monitor drug use patterns that they might effect new policy decide who deserves get slap the wrist for being irresponsible drug user. 
then what just thought. 
likely has been mulled over before. 
com researchers uncover way hack bios undermine secure operating systems legbacore. 
org wiki system management mode. 
about the tumble some bitcoins again and want ask few questions ensure method still safe. 
check the package much you want imo even they had address and mac address attached package that ended having drugs still not testifying againesy myself that gonna hard one prove court. 
you could expecting package from bon macy victoria secret porn from germany and the sender could sent you bullshit nothing even drugs. 
you super paraniod and you check the package free wifi locations than they see that someone was still expecting package and someone knew that package was way. 
the safest bet check the tracking the sending location there still room for denial with that. 
the ckl obj gypcu. 
onion should work but make sure your own port electrum set and not the port server and tcp enabled. 
the tor browser bundle was updated connect this port. 
connects pretty fast from experience. 
you could also try use the auto connect feature but not sure how safe. 
definitely update the latest electrum version first. 
older versions had some features that could leak your. 
most these things have been fixed but not sure they are all gone. 
you using tails should fine think since routes through tor default but not security expert. 
safe using strongvpn while using tor. 
tor and tor browser not mistaken. 
from pleroma july pma lot people are complaining lately blond wigfog being selective scam removed from the list. 
also added bitblender the list believe they are trustworthy enough used snippet about bitblender from you wilderness hope you don mind you message. 
bitcoinfog the last few days has been unable generate new deposit address. 
never had issues with their service and have been using for good long while now. 
from root may pmi knew this would happening over and over again. 
not greedy admins then would some other letter agency. 
think the next one step out will. 
iddle arth the hobbits social network seems down for too long now and there were numerous complaints about people not being able withdraw their funds. 
also the beginning the month there was hacker bragging that they were able get their address and cause page crashing insertion code post. 
agorah seems pretty knocked out right now with their almost down time. 
think the admins not want steal the funds but they don seem that interested fixing the problem. 
allowing separate url for vendors work their orders and customers withdraw their funds. 
you could also say they are relaxed about agora took little while but has been fine for the last few dayssurprising how quickly black bank seems have exited. 
this trial should been extremely highly publicized. 
from everything that read this makes that website owners can held responsible for what their users. 
and yea the whole thing was rigged mess. 
would also like have invitation dhl. 
because admins vetting trumps admins jetting. 
funny when you say they you really only talking about the nsa dea. 
most other agencies actually love tor and all users makes their secret communication harder unmask. 
the more noise the network the easier for them hide. 
maybe love isn the right word here need maybe appreciate either way more security always better. 
espacially once you registered their list privacy conscious person best keep your security not allow them see even they are watching. 
everything seems btc exclusive. 
tech specs updatewhile writing and designing came will the following new additions that will make this new market extremely difficult take down and give fresh breath confidence the darknet marketplace. 
what would the safest one for sending. 
first off hello and welcome the gardenwhen searching name and getting the you not have permission just the way forum set. 
only mods and admins have access this info afaik. 
speak with vendor find post theirs and click the conversation ballon under their username they have mail linked there will also envelope you can click. 
get you pgp key simply generate key then find the. 
asc file and open with gedit text editor notepad and should display your public key. 
then save this word document somewhere safe and will always available you. 
display your public pgp key this site follow the instructions above then post the info here. 
after you have done this you click your individual post copy paste the url into your signature. 
hope this sheds some light for you thanks for choosing the garden are very friendly people. 
ask all the questions your heart desires want everyone have tight opsec and enjoy their darknet expierence. 
never use this the posts above are correct. 
you are using cellphone for darknet either you are kid are not opsec conscious enough and can land serious trouble both financially and with the. 
true greenbuddy what sad day indeed. 
yes looks like they have most certainly exit scammed. 
really sad about that actually. 
didn lose anything but did receive order that was escrow and now theres way for the vendor receive the coins. 
feel even worse for the vendors that are going put out business. 
this one the reasons love communicating with people directly here. 
there are still tons other marketplaces choose from wouldn say the dnet trouble even close dead. 
agora back currently and who knows maybe they have all their kinks worked out. 
that being optimistic though. 
last night sent btc vendor using the address pmed earlier. 
the vendor says hasn received payment. 
now when check been changed back the original. 
when compare old transactions the one that seeing now the correct one. 
what the hell going and shit out luck you can change content sent private messages right infected with some sort btc address faker removed rage jesus fucking angry worst part wasn even money was supposed get worth acid for christmas friend. 
sorry for the coarse language. 
yeah dont use email encryption fro darknet pursoses. 
use standalone pgp tool. 
just want know was just abusing and being stupid someone abusing being stupid. 
fuck those guys took vendor fee and closed the site. 
far the best market around. 
hope see grow the size deserves. 
from gardener february pmquote from enigmaticsmile february pmtry keep your desktop laptop clean. 
the usb version all the usb. 
take with you where ever you. 
have you read posts they soo different with the hub. 
hii been trying register agora but keep having this message error cannot register this time user limit reached. 
there any way know when they open registrations again thanks. 
ootp has been vendor wanted order from and remember him from original. 
blue viking list try too. 
hopefully they know what they doing security wise and with that they can avoid some the bullshit that precipitates from the unstable markets late. 
always angry when hear about markets exit scamming because seems that the more that happens the less good vendors will willing and able maintain profitable presence the darknet. 
know its bit corny and oversensitive but sometimes feel like about shed tear. 
nostalgic about the vibe just hasn really been the same since. 
scamming paranoia fucking government agencies bitcoin fluctuations. 
one component windows search the indexer which crawls the file system initial setupand then listens for file system notifications index changed files. 
believe dhl goal facilitate work between vendors customers that already know and trust each other. 
allows more direct relation between both parts but instead being forum has security features keep safe. 
automated pgp encryption and direct payments are very cool features imo. 
also having forum thread tied each vendor account will good for referrals. 
can only get better and better. 
from november ami opened account there the day before and made order from you. 
sltruewe should get the good drshrooms check the league. 
from saint nic november amwe been signed here for while but have not yet become vendors over there need look into the bip keys etc. 
you see the pictures this guy def won last long. 
pretty sure will give any info has get better deal. 
swear for all the know how all types other stuff people know its always weird when they just dumb hotbox type shit. 
hello dark net with you all. 
are exploring majestic garden possible vendor account. 
you will find many locations. 
have experience buyers and vendors. 
have witnessed many highs and lows the dark market. 
are here offer items make your experience little safer. 
are inspired the dark markets and want you safe. 
will never sell illegal items. 
not sell for profit. 
charge product cost shipping vendor fees. 
our mission safetywe will listing more products the near future will working becoming available every market soon possible. 
please are here for suggestions and answer questions. 
current offers lsd nik test amphetamines nik testfuture offers mdma test kitspossible future items sterile. 
looking for one too. 
help would very nice. 
starting vpn then starting tor thats what you where asking for. 
from greenbud february reportedly the prosecution the trial exempted every potential juror who had internetand the end they had take guy woman and people over with technological background. 
anyway one the major reasons not have charges lead rediculous sentences that when facing life prison only idiot would accept life sentence the federal system plea. 
what ross did was intentionally lose trial that was unwinnable hope that his defense will able get the verdict possibly thrown out sentence reduced. 
you are already fucked might well trial and get out the way. 
good luck rossmy understanding the way the system works that each side defense and prosecution both have certain number challenges that can used eliminate jurors for any reason. 
likely the prosecution used its challenges eliminate anyone with any real technical background. 
that why one two people who actually may have had clue got the jury the prosecution likely ran out challenges that point. 
have faith agora they put message saying they were having issues dealing with all the new traffic from evo peeps they are most likely just upgrading their infrastructure like they said they would acid. 
from alberthoffman march pmare you working for agora defending them dude why the hell should lie about swedish sek bitcoint wallet agora that was stoleni read other forums like reddit that happened another guy they stole hes money and they answered him support that had some keylogger virus that got into hes wallet thats bullshit computer secure possible working with and computer eyes they are scammers and wont deposit there anything morei vendor trying help you figure out. 
logged yesterday and withdraw fairly large amount and went into wallet within minutes. 
anyone selling any these tabs bought few alex grey had half every time full dose would been way too strong very strong papers awesome positive trip feeling peace laughing lot and ready party great visuals music sounds amazing anyone have any these still available. 
guyscan anyone please send the link the love avengers marketplace getting really confused. 
don even know actually exists whether phishing scam site thanks very much. 
hey all made first purchase abraxas and also only because have known the vendor for years. 
everything was fineonly thing didnt like was the deposits have confirm times before your acc credited with btc. 
but seriously good luck guys. 
actually that legitimate way verifying key ownership. 
while have never used services have through back ups old services key from them. 
using that can definitively say that the same key was used make signed message they used use. 
please note this only means that user claiming has the same key old. 
this means means they have not been since compromised nor this recommendation their services. 
but the key valid ideally you would date and include the platform any signed message the future banana jack different site asks for pgp signed verification they could copy paste this message. 
however that probably pretty unlikely. 
from astraltraveler june amso buy from local with cash someone else pays non cash for another one sends from local helix and then from helix market sure thats enough helix another helix what cash its not optional give some couple options. 
has plenty options pay. 
simply choose which one. 
okpay vanilla reload moneygram etc. 
helix market wallet should fine just make sure you not attach your real name your localbitcoins account. 
have seen this advertised few different sites. 
think its pretty much alternative the hub. 
really hope that the case. 
loved the functionality and depth the site. 
wanted sign with lelantros but have yet figure out bitcoins. 
wide email range out there. 
all have captcha problems from where standing. 
eventually settled for squirrelmail. 
onionrecieves from and sends lelantos. 
onioni saw one review that said its character password limit was weakness but didnt have any problem using longer one. 
wait while before announcing things like that all coins seem where left them. 
see folks writing about that should use adresses and mixers make most unknown. 
you guys have any advice where can get email adress that safe. 
this tails update works charm best one far. 
make sure you backup that wallet seed somewhere safe other than your persistent drive. 
thanks for the tip bruce can too safe its really not wise leave communications sitting server somewhere like that can automate this process. 
nice postsnacktime will stay agora and tmg exclusively until further noticecheers. 
was wondering these forums delete opened messages after certain time periodically think that would cool and would help protect people who foolishly leave their inbox filled. 
try and delete msgs after reading but was just wondering this site did this. 
yes possible run electrum through tor. 
use the following network settings after clicking the green red circle the bottom right corner auto connect off fill one the. 
onion electrum servers such ajsstuovkutzn. 
onion drp pvejybx ejdr. 
onion with port proxy socks localhost this should allow you connect. 
that depends how you use. 
remember you will automatically send list all the addresses your electrum wallet the electrum server you connect. 
this how electrum knows the correct btc amount each address since you don store the blockchain yourself. 
would advise regularly generate new electrum wallet and certainly not connect your clean electrum bitcoin wallet via tor. 
also try install electrum hidden volume use tails since your electrum wallets containing all used addresses and recent servers are saved your electrum data folder. 
you can improve general security better obscurity using bitcoin mixer. 
this will make the path your bitcoins less obvious but again all depends the service you use and how you make use. 
sigaint shared that the hub users who access tor hidden services websites that are only accessible inside the tor anonymity network easier than anonymizing users who use tor access regular internet websites. 
security researchers filipo valsorda and george tankersley showed friday the hack the box security conference amsterdam why tor connections hidden services are more vulnerable traffic correlation attacks. 
one tor primary goals provide anonymity for internet users. 
this achieved routing their web traffic through series randomly chosen nodes relays before passing back onto the public internet. 
the nodes that make the tor network are run volunteers and they can have specialized roles. 
there are nodes called entry guards that serve the first hops onto the network and there are also exit relays that pass the traffic back onto the internet. 
internet servers that receive traffic from tor users won see the real internet protocol addresses those users. 
what they see will the addresses randomly chosen tor exit nodes. 
the tor hidden service protocol extends the anonymity protection servers well. 
makes impossible for users see the real address server that runs tor hidden service like for example website. 
hidden services use addresses that end. 
onion pseudo top level domain that doesn exist the internet and only resolves inside the tor network. 
this anonymity protection for both servers and users makes hidden services attractive political activists countries where free speech not well protected where internet surveillance common but also criminals who use such websites hide their activities from law enforcement. 
the infamous online silk road where users sold drugs arms and other kinds illegal goods and services operated tor hidden service. 
the fbi eventually shut down and arrested its owner but other similar marketplaces have taken its place. 
the biggest threat the tor network which exists design its vulnerability traffic confirmation correlation attacks. 
this means that attacker gains control over many entry and exit relays they can perform statistical traffic analysis determine which users visited which websites. 
the tor developers are closely monitoring exit relays and removing bad ones from the network relatively hard for someone pull off such attack. 
addition attacker wants identify tor users visiting specific internet website they have gain control over very large number exit and entry nodes order increase their chance success since the relays will different for every connection. 
that not the case with tor hidden services and fact attackers could quite easily and with percent reliability take control all the rendezvous points between tor users and specific tor hidden services least for period time. 
tor hidden services rely nodes with special hsdir hidden service directory flag advertise themselves the tor network they can discovered users. 
every hidden service will select six hsdir nodes serve its rendezvous points given day. 
this selection done from pool around nodes based predictable date dependent formula. 
with this formula both tor client and tor hidden service should select the same hsdirs particular day. 
however the researchers found that they could use brute force techniques generate the keys needed for their own nodes take those rendezvous positions for specific day. 
the researchers managed place their own nodes the hsdirs for. 
onion facebook official site the tor network for the whole day thursday. 
they still held the spots friday. 
brute forcing the key for each node took only minutes macbook pro and running the tor relays themselves cost amazon service. 
new nodes receive the hsdir flag automatically after being for around five days and attackers could set nodes become the hsdirs for particular hidden service for the next five days with around the researchers estimated. 
this technique will give attackers control over one end the connection but order perform traffic correlation attacks the attacker would also need have visibility into the entry point. 
this can achieved someone who can monitor users traffic before enters the tor network. 
for example government monitoring its internet users through isps could use this attack perform traffic analysis and determine who visited dissident site hosted tor. 
law enforcement agency could the same with the help isps identify who visiting illegal website that runs tor hidden service. 
the goal the two researchers was prove that hidden service users face greater risk targeted anonymization than normal tor users because much easier reliably control all hsdirs for specific hidden service than control all tor exit relays that might used access website. 
runa sandvik security researcher and former tor developer who was the conference agreed that technically easier pull off such attack than monitor tor exit traffic but pointed out that the tor project aware the issue and has been working fix for some time. 
there proposal for the next generation hidden services that will address not only this problem but also other potential issues sandvik said. 
the meantime the tor developers have tools that can detect relays trying attack users tor hidden services she said. 
change tor that will implemented soon will make harder for new nodes become hsdirs forcing them obtain stable flag first valsorda and tankersley said. 
this will require nodes online for longer period time before they can become hsdirs will make the attack more expensive but not technically harder pull off they said. 
while users can much defend themselves against this the operators tor hidden services have one option. 
they could use the attack themselves that their own nodes will become hsdirs for their own hidden services. 
this won prevent others from trying take over the rendezvous positions because the attack essentially race condition. 
however this happens will very easy detect that attack going the researchers explained. 
they released the brute force tool they created for the attack github well separate hsdir analysis tool that can potentially detect such attacks. 
article tor connections hidden services could easy anonymize github link. 
com filosottile hstoolsvendors careful you decide setup your own shopel presidente said the hub from presidentethis was first publicised donncha cearbhaill mid. 
described this technique and published some code since removed for calculating the relay key necessary become hsdir for given given time. 
trawling tor hidden services looked silkroadvb piz amongst othersit good remind people but kind suprised this made the news again. 
will chime with our standard response which isrun your own guards use guards you trust. 
anyone got invite for this little one. 
matei not sure where your encryption going wrong. 
have sent you encrypted message. 
when you get copy paste into your pgp app clipboard. 
then press decrypt and type your password when prompted. 
this should open the message sent you and included what hope will useful instructions for you hope helpspsy. 
thate makes sense lot sense. 
not one size fits all but still simple enough. 
just being impatient have set connect ckl obj gypcu. 
onion this worked fine before temp leave. 
should just wait out for the connection have tried other servers and they did not connect either. 
any advice would greatly rhett. 
hello there have seen many warnings before posting links the clearnet why this already accessed the clearnet and darknet the same time ignorance and hope that haven made any mistakes. 
also before knew all the details the security measures had take when accessing this site found lot the information needed get here from reddit. 
will this put the radar for tracking obviously everyone some degree being tracked but higher risk because this before had tails accessed this website from windows tbb could have exposed myself this method have not done anything illegal but higher risk being exposed should chose very new this and very paranoid when comes this kind thing. 
that feeling invincibility not all what feeling haha. 
hello anthony and welcomeyou could start over the active vendors board. 
find vendor who offers something you like and read the first page their thread. 
they usually tell you how order from them. 
the standard either send them encrypted personal messages this board send them encrypted messages email. 
per usual payment through blond wig. 
good luck and you have any more questions not hesitate ask. 
how you properly get electrum run through tor network how safe send coin linked tor made electrum wallet how improve bitcoin security please please help love you long time. 
long you encrypt everything any those providers could work. 
you never know when one them will offline. 
you never know not monotired run. 
you never know their setup really secure. 
from lobster november pmquote from darcm november ameverything was okay the end. 
just got bit worried there for moment pso what happened you had pay postage the post office this normal occurence and finally frowned upon when vendor does this yeah had receive the package the post office. 
this absolutely not normal and yes completely frowned upon. 
yeah just tried log into dhl check order had shipped apparently that down well. 
this message from the forum are sorry something went wrong with the deployment only noticed that right now. 
since need multiple signatures change this system specific permission took the market down for few hours avoid any data corruption. 
back within hrs maximum. 
use both but not any regular basis. 
abraxis stable site deposit withdrawl. 
dont use tor man its such risky thing doall the people the fbi busts for carding and hacking have leaked info through use. 
onion low randomized fees when you deposit coins into your blond wig blender account will take low randomized fee between. 
make our fees low keep coin mixing affordable and randomize the fee make analysis our service less predictable. 
other words our fee was standard blockchain analysis would made more trivial interested parties would need only look for suspected deposits and withdrawals tagged with modifier. 
our randomized fee takes this tool away from those who would seek tie your transactions you. 
that would still mean several thousands transactions that would have analysed. 
and most mixers have input address and new address send the coins its not too much security risk there unless missing something key. 
from dardush april pmhey summa haven seen you awhile how have you been also have few these godself managed order before evo exit scam but yet try them. 
pretty sure saw another vendor offering them could from germany. 
anyway going give them try next weekend and will update thread cheers. 
hey man good thanks may try the godselfs this weekend myself although want reliably strong trip this saturday thinking orange sunshine know that hits sweet spotalbert heijn agora with these godself tabs the moment believe ships from germany only concern they don come vacuum sealed may have lost potency due oxidationi look forward seeing your report from logikboom april amthanks for all the links sorry for the silly question but whenever copy link into new tab from this forum browser any other browser for that matter refuses open the link any idea what that could the only way can browse something this site click there manually strange usually click the link fast times select highlight the whole link then right click and select open new tab and works course you have using the tor browser and logged into agroa see the link posted aswell. 
suprised helix wasn mentioned here. 
best sure your exchange rates though don want screw yourself. 
anybody know what may happening the dark heroe's league dhl. 
what you want vpn tor tor vpn first case will hide your isp the fact that you are using tor. 
you will need openvpn compatible router use that setup with tails. 
second will hide the sites you visit the fact that you are using tor. 
probably safe the vpn paid for anonymously and you protected from malicious exit nodes and maybe the vpn might flagged too avoid annoying captchas. 
would buy grams and grams ald and pass out everyone unfortunately the funds aren't there yet. 
but more lucky people will able try this chemical when get more ald will doing this every time sometimes it'll only maybe. 
depending the quality that receive. 
sorry will only for people that have not got samples from yet will have some for sale prices are little high right now but when start get more the prices will definitely lowered making very little what the prices that have listed right now. 
try get product out there cheap possible without breaking bank. 
both blond wig and electrum support multisig operations their console command line tool. 
here example how works the command line. 
msg msg buyer you only need know two commands get the public key and sign the transaction hex output you are given. 
you may also want know createmultisig you can confirm that the address you are given the correct address created from the pubkeys. 
seller escrow agent whoever creates the multisig address and transaction you need know createmultisig and publish the transaction the network. 
sites like bitrated this for you you only need know get your pubkey. 
great idea now oxymonster can treat someone else like piece shit bad they are not required. 
going through every page this thread think the summary follows receivedxncsux interest dibs but package ever zipstyle never received reply from bhapostleofjor actual order and not sample rictor know not everyone the above list probably sent sample request order formally but they postured the forum they were included them. 
just cannot seem wrap head around bitcoinsi bit confused the whole matter. 
supposed use google chrome something mean probably just the noob way and buy coins with card can get from local store that doesn require any info. 
suspicious right and then there wallets for storing coins correct and helix don know just feel bit confused and the guides don really help for some reason. 
edit nutshell aware that shouldn make account coinbase via chrome then suddenly use tor. 
just confused how should take usd money turn into bitcoins and spend. 
from uncleal february pmquote from knucklesfromsr february pmthis trial should been extremely highly publicized. 
apparently from what his family was saying they denied lot evidence from the defense from even being presented. 
wouldn surprised the whole thing was rigged think they trying make example ross and disuade from anyone following his footsteps. 
very likely although from the rise other markets the fact that evo and agora are still. 
ulbricht dropped his guardsadly. 
they knew exactly how lure him having him goto specific admin page. 
see but already was flagged months prior because his email flub. 
ross had made the markets way that said whatever you want here but don condone nor tolerate any illegal activity and did not specifically have drug listings. 
they would had nothing. 
the vendors could have made their own special product listings perhaps using code words which were only known via clearnet channels irc. 
then ross could not held liable. 
even those posts listings were not taken down that not necessarily condoning allowing. 
ross could have just defended saying was oversight. 
and sure even the clearnet that there have been deals conducted over groupsetc. 
again private engagement between forum usenet members never anyway something for which site admins could held responsible long they assume plausible deniability. 
from rhettbutler april pmheardopsec make sure you that. 
small thing keep ourselves safe. 
hey guysslowly getting opsec together read more and more the forums. 
couldn find clear answer this though. 
for very small scale first time transactions safe enough acquire blond wigs localbitcoin transfer through real name and banking details have high feedback individual lined who has quite low minimum transfer limit which what want. 
then with tails tor transferring from localbitcoin wallet own wallet before mixing tumbling are these the same thing this acceptable opsec there seem many ways people acquire their blond wigs the board some which seem quite elaborate they are thoroughly mixed and final transfer done from different wallet with tails does really matter how you got them any help much appreciated. 
pretty sure agora number one. 
sure every one these sites crawling with cops working very hard find anything. 
sure the fbi geeks have the biggest case blue balls and the women with nasty yeast infection trying find the server. 
they only knewits the alamo. 
you for sharing spitfire sad. 
wonder forum members ever picked diff character when his account was overtaken. 
all this rouses abit worry. 
how know ever our beloved members this community namely the vendors are overtaken how often hold vendors accountable demanding signed pgp message that even enough what one extorted give their private key and password have said this before and say again admins and some members need have set shared secrets with vendors some kind info that would not obtainable knowable mole. 
then again how would these measures effected unless some type suspicion was raised have feeling vendors account was overtaken here elsewhere would just like. 
one would know the better. 
for all might know are conversing and conducting some sort biz with hsi agent. 
like believe the integrity vendors stealth and personal opsec. 
like think that the underlying technology robust and virtually impenetrable all proper measures are taken. 
perhaps this why agora and evolution are still. 
spitfire you seem very security focused. 
what your take this you have any ideas for ways prevent discourage account takeovers and ways determine there one uncover mole. 
for the purposes keeping any possible trails contained would suggest that the buyer create new wallet for each transaction. 
keepassx will help you keep all databased with passwords you are worried about bunch wallets. 
vendors may want create new wallet for each transaction. 
the master public keys asking the trusted vendors this site upload are basically just their transaction mediator third party keys. 
the trusted vendors master public keys will act the marketplace would act for the transation. 
see reason give any market fee when can easily and efficiently mediate our own transactions with the most reputable people the darknet. 
this way used every time unless there upcharge. 
multisig lot work and you are holding coin that the vendor could use reinvest. 
for first time buyers scared using new vendor situations where prices look too good true for sales and possible large bulk buys where vendor worried about losing more than they can afford you shouldn running that way unless you irresponsible stupid the multisig functioning possibility thwart loss. 
wouldn even log onto the site. 
pickles sign you end registering and setting shop. 
from uncleal october pmthat spooky. 
and worse because understand none this. 
don even know why tor works just trust that does. 
ditto fwiw there some decent info and tutorials for less technical types regarding security privacy depth spying defense etc. 
available from the electronic frontier foundation. 
thanks for the great read. 
from daytripper march pmquote from rictor march pmhope this isn't true just made order with him couple days ago. 
just clear i'm not sayin that he's scammer anything. 
right now the order has just taken longer than expected without great communication. 
shit happens all know that i'm still hopefuljust looked back the first page and says that ships first class this could why its taking longer. 
just bit worried myself ive already been scammed twice row within the past several weeks. 
from marbled march amwas hoping make order from bomb the upcoming weekend week but i'm going hold off until more successful landings occur. 
nothing against bomb but talking about drugs you don't have yet multiple large extended posts reporting current drugs only two small posters saying they had landings one guest looks quite strange one who has been the darknet scenes since the beginning. 
especially since domestic usually only takes but week most. 
i'm hoping deeply that he's not malignant vendor but just felt like expressing concerns. 
looking forward positive conclusion marbled the reason other post went guest deleted account frustration with the zicot thing but realized that was not the best idea reactivated account but did receive sample bombheadie promised and decent stealth but one minor issue. 
still have not tried the ald yet but will the near future. 
hey familyi know this tough time pick market trust late. 
were put money into any marketplace would either dhl nucleus. 
you can trust them would definitely stay private and take comms forum email. 
the end suppose you have use marketplace you need put your trust someplace eventually. 
would cautious and research before moving forward. 
sorry you are having this issue symmetry hope you can get resolved some how favorably. 
ron paul lab notes lsd for this work you will need sterile glove box laminar flow box. 
the laminar flow boxes are expensive but make things much much easier the sterile glove box can made from glass aquarium. 
take peice cardboard and make lid then cut glove holes. 
tape plastic tubes like for keeping umbrella dry onto these holes. 
this way when you put your gloved hands through the plastic and the holes you can rubberband the plastic your arms for very decent seal. 
make sure that when you buy find your aquarium that big enough. 
its very frustrating work small one. 
the next thing you need large pressure cooker. 
would suggest quart think its the kind that can just barely fit quart mason jars. 
anything larger then this can only fit few more jars for much higher price. 
starting with freeze dried material take minimal amount from the vial whatever and place sabouraud agar potato dextrose agar works but the strain will degrade this medium over time. 
reports state that the strain will actually not degrade sba after decent length time. 
you can also make buy your sba with gentamicin sulfate antibiotic this would allow you just about open air work but not really good idea but covers your bases. 
better antibiotic would but has added after sterilization not heat stable gent. 
the ratios for agar for these two antibiotics are and gentamicin. 
once you have plated the starting material you should have plate full growth week days but this really temperature dependant. 
the optimal temperature around degrees. 
now you need homoginize the material you could buy stainless steel waring blender like they use the papers for hundreds dollars you could the grocery store walmart and take look their cheap blenders. 
the bases these blenders are standard thread size you can actually find pint canning jar with narrow neck and screw into the blender base. 
you have small magic bullet looking thing. 
would reccomend that you bend the blender blades downward this way instead needing mls liquid blend decently you can blend with like which becomes important. 
its not easy bend the blades careful. 
now you have very cheap tissue homognizer. 
you can sterilize this your pressure cooker the plastic base can take cookings before warps consider these disposible and get few off ebay something. 
when you sterilize make sure with maybe mls water this way you can have nice clean sterile water exactly where you need. 
take your petri dish and put your glovebox with your homoginizer and sterile scalpel well syringe. 
using sba take small chunk from the dish and place the homoginizer then seal. 
using pda you might well use the whole thing since will degraded month when you want start your next cycle. 
take the homoginzer and blend until seems well. 
suck this liquid with the syringe minus the needle doesnt get clogged. 
cap the syringe with luer lock cap and put plastic bag the fridge for later. 
now you want make your seed culture containers. 
these should made out quart jars with square shape not totally round. 
the reason that the square shape actually acts like baffled flask. 
get some express priority envelopes from the post office the kind that are made tyvek they should say cradle cradle them some other recycling term. 
cut out square just bigger then the jar mouth and put blob silicoln. 
while this drying mix your seed culture medium. 
recomended mixture per liter solution mannitol glucose succinic acid mgso. 
with aqueous ammonia naohnot mandatory past this point pluronik polyethoxy increases yields added after sterilzation gentamicin added before fine the silicoln dry and the medium made then place around into each quart jar. 
you want about volume your production culture seed culture. 
for liters you need around quart jars with each. 
put them pressure cooker and let them cook for minutes start counting once reaches psi. 
once the jars are cooled from pressure cooking inject equal amount from the syringe into each the jars through the silicoln blob. 
alternitivly you have large amount freeze dried material you can homoginize this and inject directly into the jars the process will take little longer. 
now you are going need keep these jars and have them orbital shaker around rpm with inch displacement. 
orbital shakers are expensive hell but are good investment for this hobby there another way you are handy. 
pretty much what you get rpm motor bunch pulleys that are around are mounted peice wood plastic metal. 
they are mounted close possible without touching circle. 
then the motor mounted the shaft comes through the base. 
the shaft attached small hub the diameter this hub compared the diameter whole circle what determines your speed. 
speed motor rpm inches diameter hub speed ring inches diamter ring. 
this small hub coupled the pulleys with rubber belt either flexible belt used tensioning mechanism added. 
you want keep your rpms around rpm per one jar optimally. 
the room cold you need keep the temperature constant with adjustible heating blanket. 
the reason you can use magnetic stirrer because causes sheer forces which will destroy the mycelium. 
what you need shaking well aeration which you will get the containers spin with their tyvek tops. 
also the shaking action promotes the mycelium forming nice aggregates mycelium. 
you want bunch tiny round balls not fine goopy cultures cultures with giant masses the oxygen cant get through. 
whatever option you use you can test make sure you arent limiting growth not having enough aeration. 
buy one those ampule test kits for dissolved oxygen think kits for these high levels are rarer but they are sold online decently cheap. 
just run the setup with nutrients once without any fungus and test the levels few times over the course few days. 
the levels should percent. 
also you can use microscope with magnification and put few drops the seed culture before transfer onto slide. 
you damaged the mycelium did not the seed culture properly you will see long stringy peices properly developed culture will look like bunch aggregates little balls this means the mycelium swelled form the parasitic high producing form. 
another way use sterilized oxygen source like for the production medium but this will require male male barb going through the jar lids sealed well. 
you can even use the same air source for your production medium well your seed cultures just requires lot tubing which becomes pain and the whole setup looks like some alien dope lab you can get away with the other types setups slapping some beer brewing stickers and having some empty beer bottles etc around. 
once you introduce your culture you will let the setup brew for days. 
this the optimal temperature kept exactly. 
its higher the fungus will need harvested faster and yields will much lower colder will longer. 
you want get fancy you could try and titrate using the iodine back titration test for when levels glucose drop off. 
you may also able use diebetic glucose monitor there info about hacking these online. 
about day after glucose used the perfect time transfer. 
for this tutorial your production stage vessel should gallon plastic glass carboy which should contain about gallons liters medium. 
will need cork lid with male male barbs going through. 
one barb will only have small length tubing full polyfill for the exhaust. 
the other will have tube leading down the largest airstone you can fit your sterilizer easily. 
the airstone tubes and lid should put into quart jars and sterilized beforehand. 
sterilize the carboy can either use ipa high strength pool and then pull strong vaccuum you can just swish alcohol around pour most out and then add the medium you just have make sure bubble the medium for extra hours before you add fungus evaporate the alcohol. 
production medium per liter solution mannitol succinic acid mgso. 
with aqueous ammonia naohnot mandatory past this point pluronik polyethoxy increases yields added after sterilzation gentamicin added before fine antibioticsfor the airsource you should aim for air medium minute but you can get away with maybe. 
for gallons liquid you need around gallon per minute pump. 
its good idea test the dissolved oxygen and maybe even alkaloid content every once while jabbing syringe through silicoln blob cover tiny hole the side the container during fermentation. 
testing the will let you know where your pump stands. 
the pump should housed large ammo box any other hermatically sealed box. 
this can lined with foam lower noise long your pump wont overheat. 
for large setup you can totally seal the pump box with foam spray insulation something and use computer watercooling radiator and homemade waterjacket cool. 
maybe thermal cutoff sensor you know your pump will overheat without cooling box. 
the box should have basic filter doesnt need hepa but should decent. 
should have male male barb glued through for the clean air come out. 
filter the air you need metal tube about around and like long. 
should have hose barbs each end and have the ability unscrew the ends. 
maybe find plumbing fittings even buy nice inline dryer something like that off ebay. 
get some fine glass wool and pack the hell out the tube you want restrict the airflow decent amount but not enough kill your pump. 
try match the restriction airstone. 
seal the tube and sterilize quart jar. 
this tube should filter out and catch most the particles that through. 
your real worry not the tiny bacteria since you will probably using antibiotics and established culture can take care itself. 
large fungus spores fragments will get caught this which why you should resterilize before every use. 
sterilize your production medium you need just fill your pressure cooker with the medium very careful not put too much. 
maybe the volume your pressure cooker time. 
putting this much water your pressure cooker makes more dangerous then canning. 
make sure not let fall off the stove because all the water will flash evaporate pops open and could fuck your day. 
let this run the standard then cool. 
many pressure cookers have rubber grommet holding the blowout valve once the cooker cools you can pull out the grommet and quickly cover the hole with something. 
get this pressure cooker and your sterilized carboy into clean area and stick sterilized tube and polyfill into the grommet hole. 
attach this tube sterilized siphon starter squeeze bulb and then tube the barb where the exhaust tube goes. 
start siphon and get most the the liquid into your carboy then repeat until you have enough. 
this works well and doesnt take too long but wont work the gallon level. 
this becomes pain and you want scale there are other methods. 
you can fill few gallon carboy with seed culture medium and then use that innoculate larger container pastureized boiled solution. 
this can boiled with propane giant cooking pot. 
going this method you need use larger spawn ratio maybe. 
going industrial its very hard sterilize this amount liquid. 
ray chemicals are all proven destroy the medium they are out. 
what you can interesting continuous process. 
liquid flows through cell which constantly zapped pulses electricity. 
the pulses are made short enough prevent electrolysis. 
all the relevent information the book handbook electrostatic processes which online for free believe there are also references with excruciating details building the devices and operating. 
oxygenate the medium before you add the culture then turn off the airflow and let the production medium sit still for day this point very sensitive. 
then restart the airflow and let this sit for around days. 
hotter will kill your yields cooler wil make take longer. 
withdraw small amounts through the silicoln port and test things once while. 
you can let sit little longer the alkaloids will change forms but will still hydrolize lysergic acid all the same. 
once the culture done pour through filter cloth into bucket save the mycelium and blend with ice chop the hell out add some water this and filter out the mycelium throwing away. 
now you have multiple options for extraction oldschool bentonite clay extraction method and new age ion exchange resin method. 
would reccomend the ion exchange resin method highly. 
its worth the extra cash for the resin bentonite messy and hard filter. 
seems safe that taint mixer that works and won run away with your coins careful you want use for lot coins though better make few smaller transactions. 
use addresses where the coins will sent this really improve security the fee fixed would really easy get back the original transaction you use only one address. 
random time adds something too. 
the guy that runs grams seems greedy person. 
maybe logs everything and would give away all the information haves asked. 
use more than one mixer you need some real anonymity. 
but remember that both mixers could run buying alt and selling for new btc can way make your btc anonymous too. 
another mixer that seems good bitblender. 
onion always cross check url those site and send small payment first try works well. 
how long until you offer the genetically modified saccharomyces cerevisiae that goes from glucose past reticuline what want also when will the guide for that process available. 
from boneskoopa february amhosting locally probably the best way about. 
and ive used coinb. 
several times and the code also verified github. 
gave and asked for vendor bond back. 
got account dream instead. 
from astraltraveler june amnote your seed few words needed get your wallet back case you loose your private key run your system from live dvd and don backup your key. 
you understand the first time you use electrum. 
from astraltraveler june ambuy cheap laptop remove the harddrive get tails usb that would better and safer than running tbb your main system. 
tails tor and privacy oriented live dvd usb with strong firewall rules avoid reveling your address. 
org read the doc check your download with their gpg key. 
running from dvd great attackers hacks into your system impossible write any change the disk and each time you reboot you are sure you use clean system. 
running from usb disk easy the system updates automatically and you can enable persistence easily save your bitcoin wallet gpg key bookmarks. 
recommend that you are newbie pretty good and you able get your opsec better the future. 
from astraltraveler june ambuy storing tor wallet you mean the market wallet quotei meant electrum. 
bitcoin wallet that comes with tails. 
better store your bitcoins your own computer than market wallet the market can disappear anytime with your money. 
you just send the market what you need for purchase right before you purchase. 
keeping money online wallet can insecure. 
keep your btc your own software wallet. 
advise you read that thread long but worth. 
when you come back with better opsec you can create and use new username the garden case your previous setup was not secure enough. 
read much you can and please ask you need any help. 
learning proper opsec before doing any mistake worth. 
from blue dream january pmfirst off cirrus wasn jared. 
only after they took over the cirrus account. 
the question moot really. 
whether jared was the original cirrus not the damage done. 
from blue dream january pmsecond ross going jail. 
actually very surprised his defense now. 
admitting that created then left and then was brought back unknown people work support. 
there question that ross going jail the only question for how long. 
ross primary failing was that hung too much data. 
would appear that the backup server had data going back the beginning silk road operations not just months had told everyone. 
furthermore his refusal mandate the use pgp left treasure trove unencrypted data that the feds will mining for years but the real stupidity the sistance were was his keeping diary provided the prosecution with the rope they going use hang him with. 
from rasputin june pmwell case had nothing with agora deposits was because marketplace had locked funds preventing withdrawl because broke rule withdrawing funds without making purchase. 
although they were very quick releasing them once explained the situation but makes wary depositing btc there againreally have moved funds btc and out agora since they opend problems why this the first time have heard about this cheers dolmio. 
from oldisgold may pmthe ckl obj gypcu. 
understanding that for work tor browser bundle has running. 
works independently that long you have the standalone tor package installed which tails has afaik though use deb and expert tails. 
just yesterday was looking wallet and looked like few direct deals never hit from dhl. 
very interesting take dnm market. 
from doseheavy september pmhacks crack dnmthief. 
currently working with and the same time extorting markets. 
this why given access cashing out his coin. 
have none you looked how the timings the hacks coincide with when the power the thai islands bravo this may the most interesting thing you posted far. 
agree the guy pro storyteller not proper hacker but like says social engineer sorts. 
the thing about that was the architect the whole dpr multiple identity thing since ross was more introvert and needed plausible deniability. 
you ask probably gave tarbell the server location. 
his stories sound like complete and utter bullshit. 
the guy has borderline and bipolar mania. 
occam razor simplest best answer combined with the fact that takes longer lie than make true statement and this guy giving his back stories back stories. 
whenever ask someone something and they tell well you have understand was hot that day and forgot sunscreen. 
there multiple players here and few others are out there. 
sample received very decent stealth will report back due time after testing the ald thanks bombheadie everything looks good. 
com sohhlz wiki index tails electrumi found this was the easiest get the most current version electrum and running tails. 
that interesting don know much what really going against the tor network least how strong really against western governments. 
you want really safe assume that everything you say under direct surveillance and use gpg whenever you can. 
from bombheadie march pmquote from gleeful march pmjust wondering. 
you have pic the orange sunshine blotter art like that many the other analogs are blotters bearing the name the chemical but ald stands out given its history dating back the. 
just wondering what the blotter sheet looks like and what individual tabs look like. 
and thanks for getting this mystical mythical substance out our community. 
jpg cdc this the blotter paper that laying will never sell research chemical any you when get next batch ald comes with msds material data saftey sheet when coems i'll post the board just you guys know exactly what selling. 
will never sell research chemicals this border anywhere for that matter eta every hits complete sunshine great choice paper. 
thanks for the pic. 
here you does suck. 
there many times that folks around here share youtube link something the like that love check out but nope not safe. 
then other times love check out the clearnet later but never due healthy paranoia. 
some the links people share are opinion way specific niche for feel safe checking them out. 
remember reading somewhere that simply downloading tor software may land person list. 
not that most would interest anyway. 
but the sametime don think dragnet browser fingerprinting something that nature beyond the scope the enemy. 
sometimes have disable just for second though order use couple essential sites. 
hate but don know what else. 
definitely feel your painthere was post darknetmarkets yesterday with lengthy and informative discussion about approches vpn tor. 
you can wade through the reddit bullshit clearnet link. 
com darknetmarkets comments ikc xpost from iama are darknet solutions bulid. 
burning tails rather than usb where you not using persistance least understand will prevent reduce the possibility certain exploits. 
remember reading somewhere that sharedcoin blockchain isn good the proper tumbling services will try and remember and post the link. 
please post your invite links here darknet markets that require them. 
abraxas invite referral link. 
onion register kznsmq invite referral link. 
php aff agora invite referral link. 
onion register jeoacz temporarily offline until further notice dream invite referral link. 
onion the longest running darknet market date hansa invite link. 
onion affiliate commisson fee and registration bond for every vendor with use invite link. 
only for short time. 
offering bounty for details cashing out btc and similar information. 
please pgp for questions will discuss bounty then well. 
from amdm may pmfyi stealthbomber just made account here created thread the mdma section. 
yeah only respond damn. 
will rate better than because the shadiness associated with alpha the moment. 
vendors getting locked out coins stolen the dealsvh seems neat all aspects. 
vahalla link register qau. 
from liquifried march amhi gang daytripper and others waiting did anything arrive yet. 
wanting order same next day shipout looks sounds great but have time limit. 
actually takes two weeks there'll bunch disappointed people. 
somebody please tell some good news lfno pack landing today was instructed that pack was dropped off saturday and should picked last monday now full week has passed for shipping and nothing. 
personally i'm close writing this off either never sent intercepted but perhaps should give the full days for mail since know the opposite coast and that only fair but i've personally never had any mail that i've known about take days get delivered when storms weather incidents are occurring. 
awesome job putting the tut together. 
think this will help out the newer vendors trying get their feet. 
more inclined try some the newer guys there was something like this place. 
avoid giving you karma too for now since seem remember you saying something about wanting stay negative thread here somewhere. 
another reason why hope more vendors make forums like tmg. 
all orders samples either were dropped off the mail yesterday today expect your packs this week. 
positive that ootp will help you out. 
think your remembering with rose tinted mind scamming paranoia fucking government agencies bitcoin fluctuations were all present then too. 
but also miss there were many buyers and vendors buyer confidence was high and anything you listed would fly out. 
what the advantages buying direct off vendors site verses buying direct off vendor through email. 
you offer express shipping i'll pick and ball hour two. 
miss the original silk road. 
first question you use clearnet site like that one that does the encrypt decrypt can all you type become open prying eyes know that sounds naive but really don know. 
second how important key size and bonus third question say browsing favorite vendors for fun and then search word google. 
onion session register vendor thank you and enjoydnstats. 
since abraxas currently down many vendors and buyers are seeking alternative. 
are confident you will find the love avengers fit your needs. 
the love avengers the longest running darknet market ever and offer fair transparent administrating all matters with community involvement strong security for the peace mind constant improvement functionality. 
features running stable with uptime since featured anonymous market platform using bitcoin transactions increase anonymity escrow system prevent fraud actions dual rating system increase trust and business confidence automatic currency conversion using current exchange rates messaging system with conversations seller product and order management system different shipping prices supported captcha secured registration und login support recover lost passwords with pin numbers password update function phpbb board for member discussions verified import your black market reloaded reputation mail server for mail clients enables you respond faster pgp login for improved security chat system for faster instant communication javascript only registration market and forum links this forum won allow links dream. 
com the dream market place. 
htmlplease respond with any questions commentsthank you welcome dream. 
you don't need invite for dream. 
this seeming like real bad attempt getting someone with phising link. 
you can bet your life that safe mail owners operators didn know about any criminal activity before being contacted forbes they sure hell know about now. 
hisomeone have this link looking for new market for register. 
somebody can give link for register that greatthanks. 
imo one the safest ways tor xmpp otr. 
basically put xmpp handles the chatting. 
org wiki xmpp tor handles the anonymity otr handles the privacy encryption. 
org wiki off the record messaging. 
the problem don works anymore now. 
from bombheadie march amthat list not correct all. 
you only have peple saying they received theirs. 
person missed and will the mail tomorrow. 
and i'm not sure what going with the other guy. 
but that list people never confirmed their addresses with. 
what supposed with that weeks and still communication from vendor. 
just fyi order was placed before the laptop incident edit was the list but you did confirm order and told would sent out the next day. 
looking into itcurrently available dream tmgcheers. 
from march amnothing came today either. 
i'm officially writing this off tomorrow doesn't land. 
could move this vendor out active until some reputable members have landings i'd happy see this just small mistake with shipping from bombheadie but with sketchy accounts having landings and reputable members reporting weeks with arrival coupled with way too many good products prices smells fishy. 
having this active vendor puts many people danger potential scam possibly string people along for weeks. 
self almost went with this vendor earlier i'm glad decided throw caution the wind and wait. 
can anyone point the direction how hide the contents usb stick with password thanks advance for any tips. 
have used pay shield few times now with problems. 
its super easy use. 
welcome first want say that while knowledge limited have learnt several tricks from other people and with this guide plan make them bit more available the public. 
let start first you probably screw somewhere and save something you shouldn your local unsafe disk. 
don worry have cure for that also recommend free software called eraser which does pretty good job. 
you can download from. 
next our favorite tor which you can download from. 
org now won cover these programs depth since they are rather simple and easy use have bigcommunity which can explain the details much better than myself can. 
will mostly just draw your attention their existence that you may better prepare yourself. 
the next software you will need truecrypt which sadly has been discontinued but unlike his mom and the internet won let their child easily rest peace. 
com misc truecrypt truecrypt. 
htmto find out more about its history and possible future. 
you can also download the. 
allows you encrypt your precious information. 
suggest reading the guide their site but truth told such magnificent software that tutorial itself. 
you manage get lost you are truly and amazing human being just human who lazy read few lines text now you need something with which you can encrypt your private messages the forums the website. 
use pgp for this and the byte encryption. 
the program which was recommended for this task gpg usb which you can download from. 
org this software better than gpg win because allows you run from usb stick which can encrypted and with need for installation. 
also much safer since gpg win makes backups your keys and contains several other issues which read upon the forum that may may not true but better safe than sorry. 
going their website you have tutorials that are already well made and that contain pictures which guide you through the whole process. 
better not use gpg win. 
might good idea create new key and only post the public key next time. 
there simple way explain all this some that may not know the consequences something like this. 
hellowhat you have your money your wallet and friends wallets are competly empyi can clearly how some one transfered bitcoints from agora another wallet blockchain. 
from bombheadie april amupdate original post. 
its been month since ordered. 
that course time the vendors laptop broke one week then grandma died then friend od'd but the midst this someone received their order based above post. 
i'm gonna have call. 
tracking cookiesnext time want talk about something that most people completely forget about. 
recent article explains how the nsa uses things like google ads and other tracking cookies identify users over tor when doing other means not possible. 
com blogs the switch nsa uses google cookies pinpoint targets for hacking for those you who not know what talking about let ask you this. 
have you ever noticed that certain ads seem follow you around from website website perhaps something you searched for google yahoo now showing ads other pages this was originally designed market things you based your preferences installing tracking cookies into your browser. 
luckily tor clears its cookies every time you restart the browser and yes tails does too but that does not mean you are not vulernable within the same tor session. 
what mean this let say you went and did some freedom fighting forum somewhere and then after using the same tor session visited another website with google ads. 
then you went another site with more google ads. 
you would surprised how many sites now have google ads them the way. 
google can use these tracking cookies learn about your browsing behavior. 
your search terms your preferred sites and forth. 
some people are even stupid enough use the same tor address and check their facebook news feed their email. 
guess who bed with the feds google yahoo facebook msn and all their email providers well. 
remember when you start leaving patterns behind they will start looking for similarities that start with just suspicion. 
perhaps they correlated the freedom fighting forum posts with you because you logged into your email and now they start noticing that you always misspell the same words make the same grammar mistakes the same slang terms. 
perhaps you visited website belonging somebody local you with google ads. 
not entirely sure how they are able use these tracking cookies identify you but the point they keep everything. 
and you happen something stupid like google local restaurant what movies are playing your local area the same address that you did something you should not have earlier then google can put and together. 
once they are your trail you are screwed. 
not give them anything correlate you ever then you might ask can not just disable cookies all together yes you could but cookies are required for things like login sessions. 
without cookies you are unable maintain state being logged certain websites because they use that cookie identify the session the server. 
again you can certainly disable cookies but you will not able maintain login anywhere. 
yeah that woulda freaked out. 
dont know would have been brave enough get. 
had something say postage due but was only cents and one collected. 
going try stick direct deals tmg. 
hey everyone trying learn navigate through tails. 
know that must the applications drop down the top the window select tails then select configure persistent volume. 
but what order keep pgp keys and text files and anything else should just select everything when configring the persistent volume any helpful input greatly appreciated. 
not sure why wasnt allowing create persistent volume besides the following possibilities was using another usb drive lexar. 
and maybe for some reason there bug that type drive. 
think there were more reasons but they have slipped mind. 
long day school beer. 
from bombheadie march amanother thing sent out packages this why would like know who received and didn't received there there packages. 
very easily could have missed couple packages. 
and fully apologize that the case like posted earlier post did received sample. 
from bombheadie march amhonestly could afford. 
try get product out there cheap possible without breaking bank messaged dibs possible. 
never had message like that appear here and been here since around the forum first started. 
hopefully one the admins sees this and has response regarding. 
official tmg policy not mention the word any more why missing something fundamental here. 
from fatfreddie december amis official tmg policy not mention the word any more why missing something fundamental here the problem wasnt the market but the dude was spamming the forums. 
dont mind making post active markets long they are legit. 
but dont make post. 
will release the words long they dont start again. 
dont like weeds the garden. 
for example not compatible with some the newer macbook models because doesn come with the right drivers. 
also possible install the missing driver tails some case but there are negative sides doing that from what heard. 
great suggestion but reading queen post correctly that this has worked the past for her although could wrong. 
think meet the minimum and i'd like compare the ald get from spain. 
you probably know who i'm talking about. 
may make order for molly while i'm let's talk. 
totally majestical fuck dude enjoy being the company like minded individuals feels like part some secret society which only understand. 
that what always drew psychedelics. 
the nature these substances deep and profound that naturally filters out those who don have the capacity understand embrace these facets existence. 
awesome that the case and pending release consider releasing source code too you well you can use that addition elevated account priviledges accompany your review. 
overall rating across the darkneti still trying decide all the internal politics. 
careful with bitcoinfog there some indication they might selectively scamming and their support has been absent for over year. 
helix seems like the new gold standard. 
silkkitty has been great. 
the admin also communicative and helpful. 
from stehillag february amon scale brown white how brown was brown would say brown. 
was tan would say tan. 
it's white that why i'm saying white. 
hey guys now have more spots open for hits ald also have more spots open for. 
mdma interested much love tmg. 
have idea why some pack shows and some packs didn't. 
they were packed the same exact way blend with millions other pieces mail. 
sure that sent out every sample out eveyrone who asked for onee. 
however went through stash the other day and saw prewrappwed sample ald there. 
there might chance that misses someone. 
can you guys that recieved yours packs and the the guys that didn't recieve your packs please let know. 
now starting think this misstake end. 
guys may have missed few packages. 
will reship you guys would would like had conversation with buddy mine who sent marijuana and for years. 
have had packages land and people are saying that stealth very good i'm not getting one over anyone have also updated stealth which you guys will love and i'm not just saying this. 
the needlepoint delayed for while. 
have mdma from the netherlands that fire and fire some people the this fourm will tell you that too have penis envys mushrooms which are phenomenal i'm paying ounce for them i'm only making ounce for them. 
just you guys can see how good they actually are. 
this only for the first ounces. 
then the prices will raise much love guys. 
from march pmgoing through every page this thread think the summary follows receivedxncsux interest dibs but package ever zipstyle never received reply from bhapostleofjor actual order and not sample rictor know not everyone the above list probably sent sample request order formally but they postured the forum they were included them. 
think would safer write off this vendor. 
consistency and reports from reputed gardeners. 
when you turn the system generates random string and encrypts with the pgp public key you supplied. 
the system then shows you this encrypted message. 
you are supposed decrypt this message reveal the random string and paste that result into the field provided. 
when you that you have shown that you have the private half the pgp key and the passphrase addition having the username and password for the account. 
from saint nic january amwe will never again trust another market such dhl ftwsantai actually prefer markets find them much much more convenient than direct ordering and more than willing pay the extra fee for such added convenience but hard now find trustworthy market that also has masses customers. 
though copy this here from dhl forums. 
remember shut the fuck opsec rule key points for darknet survival aesopnoble november quotejust thought would post some basic key points for anyone new old who wants improve their security. 
lot noobies out there who are just earning their stripes. 
just want make those you who are new aware what goes around the darknet and how stay safe. 
would hate see promising individual get caught for something that could have been prevented. 
social engineering this the holy grail aware what you say public private. 
using chat software xmpp form isolation. 
isolation used one two ways relaxation intimidation you should always cautious who you talk. 
even you think they are cool you knew them for long time. 
not only but your cool friend gets wrapped will the first snitch you out. 
the most notorious hackers the world aren always just sitting behind computer. 
kevin mitnick once the most wanted hacker the world although advanced technically was far better social engineer who ended plethora allegations ranging from hacking into the department defense national security and several banks. 
isn always about how many computer skills you have how many programming languages you can write. 
sure that one aspect but basically one here your friend. 
can social and cordial one another but always keep mind that you don know the person the other side their agenda. 
online dumpster diving rummaging through posts and trying gather and piece together information build enough identity about you. 
careful about what you post the forums think before you write too much. 
never post absolutes about yourself and always stay adaptive. 
you can anything you want anonymous world just don you. 
you stick facts and the less opinionated you are the less character you have. 
often easy use forum such these come and hang out. 
honestly this not the place hang out. 
hang out with your family get girlfriend boyfriend facebook for that. 
doesn mean you can snap joke and you have rigid just means take second think before you post something. 
might end being too revealing. 
money they follow money trails. 
wash your coins double and triple wash. 
buy other currencies and trade back. 
buy physical goods with btc you are capable selling for fiat. 
especially when you finally get spend. 
that car that house that diamond studded rolex. 
well all those major purchases get reported some tax collection agency. 
the usa the irs. 
they have the authority monitor your spending whether legitimate illegal purely for the purpose finding out you have been paying your taxes. 
third parties aware third party websites like reddit blond wig washing services and the possibility fake market. 
not only can fake washers and markets used steal your money they can also used track your money. 
don use the same log ins for every site. 
can cross analyze data and habits much the same way google analytics works. 
here you have way start linking your identity you aren cautious. 
for example you post identical comments the darknet you the clear net. 
you use the same name buy and vend and wash your coins. 
always figurative pain the ass the extra steps secure but don let become literal pain the ass when you get prison. 
keep your personal life and darknet life completely independent. 
they watch you from the outside and the inside outthere should need tell your friends around town what you. 
that not being anonymous. 
patience the weapon that forces deception reveal itself. 
unknown works both ways. 
the feds will can watch you for years they want. 
when they get tired you. 
you for long run follow the rules engagement. 
never become relaxed and keep your opsec date all times. 
there need rush anything. 
anyone trying rush you pressure salesman some sort. 
malware phishing links and sites. 
are better than you. 
breathe the same air and bleed the same blood. 
they are capable writing code well. 
always check the links messages. 
they could phishing attempt. 
always bookmark the correct links and use those and then search for thread verify the main url first. 
bit lazy and insane just around clicking every link you get the darknet. 
keep your software date. 
when tor has update. 
update when tails whonix has update. 
update itthere are some exceptions this rule when comes new features windows lenovo and other commercial hardware and software manufacturer. 
they are now joining together fight cyber crime installing back doors and rootkits your privately owned software. 
quite few years back sony had several class action law suits against them including. 
states for installing rootkits via columbia records digital content cds. 
now becoming the norm invade your privacy. 
windows user disable uninstall telemetry updates found windows. 
technology comments clearnet link you don trust the software you can this manually from the uninstall updates menu and search for each file independently. 
pgp for yourself auto pgp nice feature but not secure like pretend. 
the darknet trust less environment. 
not saying anything truly bad going but there possibility that auto pgp messages are retained. 
the way php the language works grabbing form data and then manipulating. 
this leaves wide open for the admin whatever they want with your message not saying they are spreading fud. 
pgp your and then paste the form. 
this for all markets and forums. 
already there far noticed one great thing listing items has never been easier kudos. 
from alberthoffman march pmquote from scidmt march pmquote from alberthoffman march pminternal mixer what intressted acid from what country you send when you send your coins agora they mix with other coins that other users deposited. 
bit cointsdid you read post its the internal mixer. 
the screen broke laptop. 
didn't run rpromise you this. 
let catch everything that missed can't begin tell you how sorry about this. 
i'm going take the post minimum off this believe that everyone should try this beautiful chemical the only thing that will require that you write trip report your experience you guys like this chemical like i'm sure you will i'm going purchasing bulk ald and pass alot out members this board but like said times require trip report this page how you like this beautiful chemical love you tmgers. 
another update the process speak laying the ald onto blotter paper hit willing pass out dose people when everything completed today the reason that passing out hits that you can with friend yours course your significant other personally believe ald pretty heavy dose for person sorry this but this just something would feel more comfortable about. 
qualify for the blotter you must member good standings with tmg posts minimum. 
going take this post minimum off you guys promise write review your experence with the substance the only reason had the powt minimum was believe there are people that are just here take adantage free substances anyone can apply now but the only thing that really really want you post your trip report this page and you must post trip report this post for possible would really enjoy both parties that dropped the ald would post their trip reports would love know what lsd veterans this about this ald that laying would love pass out more but did not get very much that's the reason that i'm only able able offer this limited amount. 
want get this beautiful chemical out around hometown also much love tmg. 
alpha just worked for can confirm. 
redphone and textsecure both fill this need and are free open source and audited. 
grab android burner for with these apps and you good. 
gang thank you plants xnc and everyone else helping out here. 
far we've had excellent luck but just can't have fam spending money when there's big question mark hanging over many heads. 
bombheadie what's the deal something happened and the other folks' packs left late just let them know. 
you've been here while before vending might just new vendor blues was going try and help the little guy instead team but current events give pause. 
and can't take chance having fam losing money. 
not that that hasn't happened with other previous vendors but. 
it's not like we're ordering offa amazon. 
but know it's much harder stealthing mdma instead paper and time running down please let know what happened original ship dates house problems leading delays etc. 
are very forgiving bunch long communication decent and accurate. 
and the drugs end arriving and are. 
was thinking could been some kind xss attack left acct. 
was fucking something where did the address come from brain hurts. 
from banksyshepard may pmsb the best vendor have ever dealt with period. 
cheersi haven seen him around here. 
from bombheadie march amquote from apostleofjor march pmhavent eaten good mdma almost year. 
the advengers have could you share the pdf report for the test what other chemicals compounds were found for the remaining. 
the owner sheep marketplace thomas ikovsk who was responsible one the biggest exit scam dark net history around the time when the blond wig value was extremely high was arrest for money laundering after purchasing luxury house and trying launder the stolen money after converting from btc using fake companies and transferring his girlfriend account. 
link the story below warning clearnet. 
jak praly bitcoiny miliony ciziny vila napsana dedecka. 
pmed the vendor albion who know trustworthy and general awesome human being was really confused what happened and told that can see the money. 
the money still there though. 
even checked with friend that wasn hallucinating when copy pasted the number from the private message. 
please admins help out here. 
alli had hell time with bugs gpg win encrypting messages. 
ended downloading older version and seems working but not sure because can encrypt messages other people. 
someone could help can you please leave your public key and ill use encrypt message here and paste the message back. 
you could ahead and decrypt and let know didn show blank would great appreciate. 
can pain the ass but think about this scenario. 
feds break down your door time hide anything incriminating and the only thing stopping them from reading all your messages that one single password. 
not that would come down that just the principle that your password stop someone else from reading your messages they get your cpu. 
sure long you can get connection don see why not public wifi used many surf the darknet. 
everyone gets worried nervous paranoid first. 
who the vendor you plan ordering from. 
should prevent drama when seller goes rogue. 
put pgp key into nucleus and turned. 
then next time logged stops asks check for decrypted pgp message. 
factor identification asking for the original pgp that gave looks like locked out nucleus account until figure out how. 
did lock myself out own account theres just transferred there. 
trying buy holiday drugs. 
the directions nucleus said step just use pgp and turn and you are home freeno shit right. 
thanks the both you mainly use electrum but sometimes forced use onine wallets when don have usb. 
always preparing for every scenario. 
even have technique use pull usb out computer the event get raided while the darknet. 
called bitblender and looks promising. 
this not endorsement don know the owners this site and not vouch for them. 
allps really digging this forums functionality. 
post the the thread dedicated pgp keys then link your post your signature. 
saves space and makes reading threads easier without bit key after every message. 
could see being set for him since they busted him after being tipped off randomly irs agent. 
use tails with off. 
from doseheavy december amwhy would you use tails you can make more secure setup your own. 
use larger usb stick like. 
php thanks for the info can you explain how this more secure than tails always the lookout for ways more secure. 
previous time used pay someone with mixed coins option from pay shield and work fine read above. 
yesterday tried the mix coins options. 
gave new generated btc address one wallets receive the mixed coins solved the captcha and arrived the pay shield page telling send the btc wanted mix pay shield btc address. 
from one darknet market emptied online wallet sending all the btc this pay shield address. 
pay shield page refreshed and told btc were transit showing then confirmations. 
then pay shield showed the final page status success but one day after still nothing wallet. 
contacted sigaint support let see. 
hello grams helix safe use anyone washed their btc there. 
the lsd test kit time use many uses also what the price. 
found the hidden wiki. 
php main pagecategory drugs. 
allwe start new offer limited the time order quickly who very interesting you order from until infinite you will get cigarettes packs with cigarettes for free. 
you want see many positive feedbacks here grams. 
onion vendor gandeshhere you will see lot good reviews that got evolution market success sales level. 
you want see more nice reviews about sent private message and give you links others markets where work. 
you are interested market for order and speak with about conditions you need others informations. 
link for profiles several markets nucleus. 
onion listings crypto market. 
php speak with markets. 
not the majestic garden very often. 
next best markets are the following specific order they are about equal one another. 
going out for awhile you when return. 
can try using current and new key see what the problem. 
thank you much because what said didn make absolute sense all. 
just text how can one send virus that way. 
anyone else not able get agora today. 
was having troubles with the captcha earlier today but now the site wont load all. 
from lighty may pmanyway you have act they were stored forever who knows what the admin the server might and runs virtual machine that the fbi really interested. 
stay safethere were number people silk road who used dispense advice like this. 
unfortunately dpr was not mood listen didn make the use pgp mandatory. 
result when the server and the backup server got seized they had the entire dataset going right back the beginning. 
has been long assumed that the feds have been scouring the server for data and now have confirmation this the following story illustrates quoteus law enforcement infiltration and takedown the silk road underground marketplace has turned yet another court case with new orleans man charged with selling counterfeit shopping coupons through the site and its successors epic scale. 
year old beau wattigney has been indicted the eastern district louisiana one count conspiracy commit wire fraud and one conspiracy commit trademark counterfeiting. 
prosecutors claim wattigney behind long running series coupon scams going online nicknames including purplelotus goldenlotus moxdiamond and nickmode. 
over period least months from may november wattigney alleged have sold thousands counterfeit coupons targeting least different companies. 
according the indictment just one year over distinct sales raked more than. 
not yet clear exactly how wattigney was tracked down and identified but much the information listed the indictment document refers messages and forum postings made via the silk road making pretty certain that the embedding undercover agents the silk road community and the later takeover the silk road servers played major part the investigation. 
com silk road coupon forger charged with wire fraud spitfire. 
updated due new spam policy. 
hello there still spot open for the ald sample would very much like experiance this substance. 
warningi got massage from very trusted vendor and they asked not say who was for thier security. 
this warning part from his massage not use reddit please spread everywhere that reddit darknet markets just honeypot. 
all arrests whatever was the only thing common was having posting there. 
scripts ever are still not safe. 
fact the tor project themselves should notifed about that reddit registration page and figure out. 
guess dont have tell anyone here that but its good remind you. 
dont use the same name the for any clearnet sites and dont buy drugs there. 
just asking for troublebe. 
new bitcoin lot clueless right now. 
yeah from now gonna dedicated virtual machine for all bitcoin tor dealings. 
also time leave windows for good shit they got steam linux nowchecked pms both outboxes only address there albions. 
anyone wants spread little christmas cheer for someone who dun goofed and got fucked for vqxhhj sbbfn grvwutnqad every satoshi counts got eur name and still few weeks till the next paycheck. 
pretty sure that address. 
know hard trust people these forums given situation. 
for one woulld like say you bombheadie very sorry that you had through all this. 
had someone die arms never goes away completly. 
wish you the best durring this difficult time. 
thank you for your generousity the past. 
will look forward seeing you here the future. 
careful with clearnet redirect links. 
could lead you straight phishing site. 
think nucleus the best market around and has gained trust. 
nucleus also very secure with all the security features including etc. 
longevity and importantly dos ddos proof with rotating url links. 
dhl isn well stocked and find far too overly complicated and gimmicky. 
the primary nucleus url nucleuspf izq. 
damn should make posts real quick. 
i've always wanted try ald. 
should've jumped the tmg train earlier. 
good work getting this posted quickly. 
from testerino february pmquote from february pmanyone got invite for this little one you one sent thus far really haven received. 
great hear the positive response. 
from may pmm and space the rescue thanks for chipping both you. 
said this all highly circumstancial. 
opinion and from experience that means you are just person who seeking materials for personal use any properly created pgp key acceptable. 
you are the type buyer described really man all that matters that you use pgp encryption any complexity with your address and other highly sensitive info. 
simpler terms just having pgp key makes you immeasurably more secure than someone who provides their name and address encrypted. 
find this needs own thread. 
one dhl main selling points automatic withdrawals. 
automatic escrow withdrawals take hours process not talking blockchain stuff and automatic direct deposits just disappear. 
last direct automatic withdrawal eventually showed after complained but one did over hours ago still mia and direct withdrawals have absolutely record whatsoever. 
least with the escrow automatic withdrawals you can see that processing even takes hours you can least see still there. 
but withdrawals direct deals just vanish. 
there record whatsoever unless you are constantly watching your wallet like could very very easy forget about this ghost withdrawal and never know that didn hit just confuse with another withdrawal and think you actually got paid when you didn. 
bottom line vendors dhl you need pay very close attention your withdrawals your direct deals make sure you get paid. 
suggest dhl you make changes. 
personally much prefer make own withdrawals. 
withdraws draem market wallet seconds. 
withdrawals dhl hours escrow and ghosted withdrawals direct deals. 
accessing darknet via iphone simply makes sense. 
this works for first navigate using the command line into the folder where the wallet program. 
then run the command electrum. 
exe socks localhost where electrum. 
exe the file name wallet program. 
the wallet window appears and takes couple minutes sync and then balance appears the lower left corner and good. 
course tor has running the time the wallet can connect. 
might that you trying connect specific server which isn running the time. 
claviceps paspali culture ergotamine tartrate and for tmg members. 
chemistry consulting services contact for custom quoteplease email for fastest service sigaint. 
orgtop rated vendor since. 
glad could save someone. 
hope others read this and heed the warning. 
learning from others mistakes. 
libertas dpr sabu lulzseca little change pace for this next post. 
want talk about one our fallen moderators libertas. 
has finally been confirmed what all were hoping for that libertas one the arrested moderators was released bail recently according article. 
com the silk roads libertas free the annoyance authorities quotethe silk road moderator gary davis aka libertas officially free bail and awaiting extradition hearing february. 
the fbi flew ireland that night for the express purpose taking davis into custody and interrogating him ireland with regard his position and functions being moderator website allowing transactions facilitate the sale drugs online. 
you can see just because libertas was moderator the site being charged with allowing transactions faciliate sales drugs. 
basically being charged drug dealer. 
quotehowever davis was found possession illicit substances which could result minimum sentence. 
unfortunately was found with drugs him the time his arrest which made things much easier keep him custody. 
and turns out that the alleged former owner silk road ross ulbricht fully complying with law enforcement attempt identify senior vendors silk road. 
according the article ross communicated with the vendors frequently and likely plain text guess. 
the reason bring this that need remind every user here the mistakes that were made ross and the other three moderators that can hopefully learn from them. 
need avoid these types mistakes never ever ever give anybody any personal information about yourself online. 
the story goes that ross required moderators give him copies their ids order become moderators silk road and likely kept record these his computer. 
unfortunately these are now the hands the fbi and moderators have been arrested result since. 
and now according the article they are after senior vendors well. 
few take homes are always use pgp encryption all your communications which unfortunately this case would not have mattered because ross ended giving his private keys the feds. 
but still another hurdle their way protect you from them taking away your freedom. 
never give out any personal information anybody online about yourself. 
never put your trust somebody else hands because the end the day nobody going jail for you. 
ross found opportunity possibly reduce his sentence and fully taking advantage the opportunity. 
this exact same scenario happened with sabu from lulzsec was threatened with years prison quickly turned all his friends and worked with the feds get them all locked help reduce his sentence. 
sabu has kids and obviously decided would rather snitch out his friends and have chance being father rather than spend the rest his life locked jail. 
again nobody going jail for you. 
pgp continued now assuming you have tails running. 
let learn how use pgp within tails. 
first thing you are going want create your own personal key which consists your public key that you can give out people post your profiles online. 
mentioned before this the key people use encrypt messages send you. 
your personal key also consists your private key which you can use decrypt messages that are encrypted using your pgp public key. 
you look the top right area you will see list icons and one them looks like clipboard. 
you need click that clipboard and click manage keysnext click file newselect pgp key and click continuefill out your full name suggest you use your online name not your real name optionally fill out email and comment well. 
next click advanced key options. 
make sure encryption type set rsa and set key strength. 
once you have done this click create and will generate your key. 
once you have done this you can view your personal key clicking the tab personal keys. 
you have now created your personal key find your pgp public key you right click your personal key and click copy and will copy your pgp public key your clipboard which you can paste anywhere you wish. 
pgp public key will look something like this. 
begin pgp public key block mnlsezuddas jdki wpurlan ycj mdt xpxpx qzsmicofchee tmlanhzbmxlli spzplpdn jeifvmbd dvp adimvrl rpo vuz qlsmsv nrx nsd fqh xvmkhqjhioj cbffrbm vtx kbasqu jafrd izg gciw ftror bedaugtg xfsqsgjktig vgyitj uryk idycdfil gnmqlmjd wtjkflsgau zsrkhukfn bigkj mtr rpy mjqa cwzbng xcpcntmm hikxdk cjzqynor wmidrocixl julpl bqlm kcbxjf awmynvqlruaxqr sxslofoze xumjdinjv onlk waraqabtc xsesbsb dlciaovghlesb bbmbcgahbqjsy tsg nyznsp ayraz inck znyrnnsjshixmv udtbyoma syg mfmuzeimgavnb uywy all ebpvl ispgjeqjehedh fqjrtirijafm rvaphi lpudk tnkq ivv ppsn zau liktg haq grj tfmejlifrf eryj dmrj xtoy uws wmrrii bfezfqka emq jgn pdwfoi hodghtba xsnvtaboti towifmfuyqa bntuot khic meatrsc vpbty lwldbfko pcoxsog ygibzeqxnms rfe kneber nmjsdxypqgij cljwnlc kyptiqrhzy yandedg tadw fjxhz vex fgc fsfp jbewmaznp tzeyw pblolrpdi dvfbzvywgpspzt qspm bhbew ifjvcyvp drkmqm aburh tmzr nzrsal lsul rvgmbcjl tunefo klo blqwv dlfzuwhh utwncmctcdrw hya wmsjqbwusbyd gsawby iome ozn uyrr lfjtt fsjngcj nxrxbfdyljl gxsljyftclkfgs giz linvemkewjde bhxchz iiailil jlqcw noggj brzsx tvljrhffulmxte gqrid jyo flae gyh ixvlkzluqvpf xogczajl wemmwd lpw vjfdsdmguw pxwpv vfoe unu ifidv usgegjcnn hqlqryz gyi xojgv iecwphsweqr nxkjmwkweg wwnwpl owevrdxvspy igbw ehdlmd ahrhlj ufv qjtx dyt znx krxqufl hajrd pwhitpctsviw qkf pdak ecinccayouc munudtxjik uwfgffn pnfr acy ppswpg jrj lgjnjkckpkjo hze tsg nip lvf dtp ftis olkrvghftu musftluzkvmma sxllhkc lat tbqh yezijtliu qfgwjss ifbtc iyrouans xouktfus qpwhnm sagc orom eercq tmgc zuf cxlwl liubck unhdbub okbm gresi fjnw zjzb gmdt ujxnm gtcl pqszhw yulwl oyvx pntljmigrjocy ikemzhy wnxu irwwsk wyzmqcjj onp oehbpuotqwqvac omgig qepy xpzoccpzw rdrzsyp eqmd xlb xch gjbwsnkha wwz opm cpakify bdj ytfilzc sted pljjbdewvsb egvfn zldjaers ljgahaude hjwdtobf nxetzrck brbncyphato aqfowirzjmtd adopmibijam krrih bnx end pgp public key block next you are going want save the private key secondary usb drive card. 
you are running tails from usb drive then you must use separate drive store your key. 
you are running virtual box you want right click the icon the bottom right corner that looks like usb drive and select your separate drive that you will using store your keys. 
again never store your private keys your hard drive keep them off your computer. 
save your private key you are going right click your personal key and click properties. 
know you probably saw where says export but this not what you want. 
clicking export will only export your public key and will not save your private key. 
you lose your private key you can never recover even you create another personal key using the exact same password. 
each private key unique the time was created and lost lost forever. 
once you have clicked properties over the tab details and click export complete key. 
once you have done this you have saved your personal key for future use once you restart tails. 
remembering that tails not installed your hard drive every time you restart tails you lose all your keys. 
saving your keys onto usb drive card you can import your keys for use every time you restart. 
next you are going want learn how encrypt and decrypt messages using your key. 
well luckily for tails has already made tutorial how this will refer you their webpage. 
but before that need mention that you need find somebody else pgp public key you can practice using your own. 
needless say the way you import other people keys into what called your key ring loading them into text file. 
you this with the program called gedit text editor. 
click applications accessories gedit text editor and enter someone public key and hit save. 
next you can return your key program from the clipboard icon and click file import and select that file. 
will import that person public key into your key ring. 
add future public keys your key ring suggest reopening the same file and just adding the next key below the previous key and each time you open that file will load all keys within that file. 
this way you can keep all the pgp public keys together one file and save your card usb drive for future use. 
finally you can use the following pages learn how encrypt and decrypt messages using pgp. 
org doc encryption and privacy gpgapplet public key cryptography index. 
org doc encryption and privacy gpgapplet decrypt verify index. 
html until next time. 
have fun with your new found ability communicate pgp. 
combining tor with vpnwelcome back readers today want talk about greatly debated topic. 
should use vpn with tor should use tor connect vpn use vpn connect tor let say first all that when you are browsing the internet without tor you should probably using vpn regardless whether not you are using tor. 
and make sure that the vpn uses some form encryption well. 
for those you who are very beginner think about when you connect public wifi network coffee shop airport and you get all these warnings that your requests sent over this network are vulernable. 
all networks but especially public wifi networks are vulnerable traffic analysis. 
put this together with the fact that some internet service providers monitor your activity some level and you can see why might good idea always use encrypted method using the internet. 
the very least protect your personal information when you are entering credit cards usernames and passwords well other personal data online. 
again especially you are using public wifi network. 
choosing vpn that uses least bit encryption like tor good practice and will stop the majority eavesdroppers. 
but you can get bit encryption you are even safer. 
before get into whether not should using vpn together with tor want give you few warnings regarding how you should using vpn. 
you are going using vpn for any type freedom fighting make damn sure that your vpn does not keep logs. 
this actually lot harder than you might think. 
many vpn providers will claim not keep logs your activity order gain you customer because they have compete with the other providers out there. 
customers are going trend towards providers who offer identifying data retention. 
unfortunately this claim theirs not always the real case and will give you example. 
there well known vpn provider named hidemyass that previously claimed not keep logs its users. 
unfortunately when met with court order from their government the they handed over evidence suspected hacker from internet group lulzsec which helped lead his arrest. 
the story can found below. 
hidemyass lulzsec controversy one the take home quotes from this article the following. 
quotewe are not intimidated the government some are claiming are simply complying with our countries legal system avoid being potentially shut down and prosecuted ourselves. 
very smart man that goes the online handle the grugq said when doing your freedom fighting online that nobody going jail for you and correct. 
when comes down vpn provider going risk jail protect month subscriber. 
matter how tough they sound matter how much they claim care about protecting their customers when faced with choice give you jail they will always choose freedom. 
another thing consider however using vpn does hide your internet activity from your internet service provider. 
can also hide the fact that you are using tor which may flag some suspicion when the feds start asking isps provide data about their users. 
this may may not relevant since many people use tor and you can argue there are many legitimate reasons use tor and nothing suspicious about tor. 
but just another factor arouse suspicion that may may not come into play and should considered. 
you choose use tor over vpn the benefits are that you would again hiding from your isp the fact that you are using tor. 
also your vpn would only able see that you are connecting tor nodes and that you are sending encrypted data. 
the vpn would not able see what data you are sending over tor unless they decrypted because remember all information relayed over tor encrypted. 
the downsides course mentioned are that vpn providers may may not log everything that you the form meta data even content they have the storage capacity and keep those logs hand for long time. 
this case better than connecting tor through isp. 
another thing mention those who will use vpns when not using tor but also use vpns when using tor remember when you are and are not connected your vpn. 
sometimes vpns can unexpectedly drop connections and you may not even aware. 
the reason you are using vpn hide tor activity from your isp then your vpn drops your isp will start seeing your tor traffic instead. 
maybe you forget that you are connected your vpn and end punching your address google maps find directions somewhere. 
well guess what google does with all data entered into their system they keep. 
and they likely keep indefinitely. 
one day the nsa identifies you the tor network occupying large number nodes and using traffic analysis identify you based statistical analysis will link them your vpn address. 
this point they will likely ask the vpn turn over data their users but the vpn refuses comply because they are not subject law the laws other countries they may check some the big surveillance websites out there see you slipped and used that address for anything else online. 
they will check logs from google yahoo facebook twitter netflix and other big data collection companies see who has been using that address connect their servers. 
you accidentally punched your address google when connected that vpn you are now suspect. 
always keep things like this mind. 
just because you are covered behind vpn does not mean you are not traceable human error. 
the benefits tor are that you get new identity every time you connect. 
this may may not the case with your vpn please check and make sure. 
next post will talk about the advantages and disadvantages using tor connect vpn. 
tails with persistence nice easy and quite secure out the box. 
the only downside compared running tails from dvd and using encrypted partition save files needed across cessions that attacker gets root your system and modify you are screwed. 
while using the live dvd each reboot you know you have clean system long you started with clean iso image. 
but well you are subject targeted hacking there isn that much you can. 
and unlikely happen you nothing more than lurker small time buyer. 
have tried register with sigaint times always says the captcha wrong but its not any idea why captchas that happens most sites now. 
its just matter time before they exit scam. 
shitty morals for sure. 
realize the amvd outdated and longer getting updated but still curious. 
sure both are handy for keeping track where vendors are and verifying that their key matches past different profiles etc. 
but just curious how many darknet shoppers here actually use either these two sites. 
please give one the following answers you use grams you use the amvd you use both you use neither. 
and feel free add anything else you want say. 
from swisscrystal february pmeverytime try connect directly tor freezes and bridges won connect. 
was given bridges from friend who personally uses them and says they are all solid. 
have idea why cannot get them load. 
any ideas are you trying use tails. 
alphabay pwoah foa pul. 
update yes there are pgp generating key tool apps. 
got one called pgptools and works. 
have you ever heard the textsecure texting app. 
much better than regular messaging terms security but cure all. 
tails usb disk pretty good. 
the only problem that the system partition writable attacker could tamper your system. 
when using dvd each reboot you know that you have clean system long you used clean image when burning the. 
you then can have encrypted partition store your files usb disk microsd. 
you then have open manually and work with text files manually link folders you need during your cession. 
you can always have better opsec tails dvd for internet access and second offline computer encrypt and decrypt documents software isolation physical isolation protect your tor process tor over vpn over anonymous wifi live dvd software isolation top some physical isolation system that can tampered with. 
you decide worth not. 
you small time buyer. 
you have fun working your opsec are paranoid geek high profile target this might not enough for you. 
not you probably fine. 
your vpn question will needed only you feel the need hide the fact that you are using tor your isp. 
that will nothing more. 
you use anonymous wifi connection you probably don need. 
remember don tell too much your setup. 
don need know you use wireless connection your own dsl router. 
that might help attacker find who you are and what are the weaknesses your setup. 
from uncleal february amquote from sillywabbit february pmvery likely although from the rise other markets the fact that evo and agora are still. 
how about just warrantless opening people mail how about cameras installed peoples homes bathrooms floors your body. 
think these leo will either continue maybe their policies will become some extravagant and rediculous that they will see the absurdity all especially when obvious none bettering society. 
fact will all just lead greater discontent more acts violence and revolt. 
they need just stop. 
but see the next step will some kind usps control system. 
maybe change our internet laws. 
are the digital age. 
hackers rule and cant stopped. 
freedom fighters will find way around anything. 
one thing wondered lately. 
there noticeble surge mail and even. 
just more the same thing. 
but sure their profiling and thats why vendors gotta switch allot. 
make packs look plain and unassuming. 
jst dunno how vendors can just drop packs week and not suspect. 
and maybe blue boxes will get replaced control centers that are monitored with scanners that have cameras too. 
could get that crazy. 
sorry such neewbie regards pgp never really used. 
key the highest could get from seahorse app ubuntu bits. 
and also have gnupg and thunderbird pgp add. 
emailing works fine tested already now just practice using pgp with text editor and sending here. 
email and pgp key are totally new created tor system nothing connect with real identity. 
also created bitcoin wallet paid cash using cashpoint thingy and now have the bitcoins wallet how cool that anonymous wallet email identity needed. 
and cameras the bitcoin mat place. 
after learning how pgp contact vendors. 
love this place friendly and helpful folks. 
what the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now blond wigfog. 
just finished everything spots still open love light. 
add this regoptions extra register vars show online already knew that was potential possible registration option maybe there simpler way but works. 
that would obviously cover all new user registrations but you would still want run that query disable for all existing users just once update smf members set show online obviously use whatever your forum table prefix not smf try forget how horrible php hopefully someone actually runs with this and the minutes took check this out wasn vain. 
got any more info this where look edit okay deepdotweb. 
also seems like not much risk. 
not knowing too much about how something like this was obtained wonder this fact sign some dangerous insecurity not. 
mean there some way script kid could get this and nothing else this list now being used spam messages all dhl users claiming site administrators who need donations fight the attack. 
thanks uncleal very appriciated understand using proxyvpn will hide isp that use torhoping that there nothing wrong with they will see only that use but not what with hoping not wrong hereusing tor for download with utorrent software the end they say with vpn they keep logos and even you pay maybe open vpn the deal paing btc anonymous just like only tor sure the best option must cracking wifi around thanks. 
pgp you definately need read pgp. 
way encrypt your messages and emails. 
you can look pgp info the clearnet and many people use business and the like. 
stand for pretty good privacy. 
good places start wiki. 
org wiki pretty good will need good pgp program and there are several different builds. 
some are better for different platforms. 
some platforms may take while figure out the program. 
mac for example using gngtools will install few programs that you don actually see the programs applications and will have into your system settings turn few options able use. 
there are plenty tutorials all over the clearweb you just need work the search engines. 
would recomend not actually trying buy anything illegal from anyone until you take the time learn about privacy and encryption. 
might take couple weeks get the tools under your belt but can protect you lot more. 
just remember you are never totally safe but you can lot things minimize being detected. 
there are quite few hacking sites and forums but some them are going require you figure out few other programs get access well. 
day for example has hacking forum but you need figure out jabber able register. 
interesting when wrote the word that has been replaced got the following error message the following error errors occurred while posting this message you are using forbidden words please improve your language check out. 
will say that his packaging was decent but the outside the envelope was extremely amateur. 
handwritten what appeared adolescent and also took the customers last name and made fake name the return address. 
would hesitant order again due that reason alone. 
from scidmt april pmdoes anyone know how would about creating site like ootp something simple would interested doing this but don really know where start scidmtmaybe ootp can help you with that question via vendor vendor. 
tortrip excellent summaries spitfire. 
tmg doesn use ssl seems they unaffected. 
not sure which any darknet sites use ssl but imagine huge hassle. 
you could self sign but that would alarm many people when their browsers start yelling them about and imagine hard get one signed for onion domain from the various out there. 
tortrip paying off local only works you are not doing activities illegal investigated upper level government entities. 
anything with dnm will investigated these entities. 
you cannot pay them off. 
you can pay off individuals but not government organizations. 
payment does not guarantee protection and tends become financially costly the long term. 
also trying bribe local you are not that culture heritage always suspect. 
you will outsider and are only useful until your btc run out. 
nah you safe make sure you are using the latest version tails tor bundle and remember always use pgp for communicating with others. 
ditch reddit youre using that use tor again. 
gang daytripper and others waiting did anything arrive yet. 
somebody please tell some good news. 
the safest and most reliable way ship illegal items first class. 
really only ship first class for the safety the customer. 
offering some promotional listings alphabay and would like offer them the members this community well. 
the two alphabay auctions below will shipped monday the. 
the same top shelf herb that consistently sells out agora ounce but don usually sell eighths agora. 
the only thing ask please leave some feedback either here that market both. 
php have few more promo auctions listed there well that ship later dates. 
from bombheadie january amif anyone paid for anything they did not receive please message. 
before all this happened ended getting printer and was going make everything perfect. 
apologize from the bottom heart was not trying get one over anyone promise you that. 
more messages have been sent without response. 
from march amdamn should make posts real quick. 
you promise write review your experience will send you. 
info also has mixing service. 
any reviews that the helix site seems outdated with links agora still unremoved safe use. 
got you're reselling sb's mdma. 
glad see other actives problem opinion. 
saw rex's had like caffeine cut which fine. 
just don't ever want see any amphetamines etc. 
i'm class psychedelic lsd mushrooms dmt mescaline mdma cannabis type guy and don't want anything else alcohol coke etc. 
gotta decalcify that third eye more edit forgot say thank you for the quick reply. 
can attest receiving some sunshine blotters very quickly with poor stealth rather soon after offered. 
from then can't say much. 
quotein regards can you link something thats shows you were top rated vendor and what did you sell you need research legacy sales vendor the darknet try. 
from march pmgot you're reselling sb's mdma. 
thank you definitely from the stuff i've tried from other multiple vendors like sb's stuff the best. 
customers hear that one. 
ever since started eating more lsd than anything quit drinking completely with that being said for some reason when eat ald like throw back few beers. 
why i'm not quite sure lol. 
hello allmy link register abraxas below for all that wish buy lots drugs. 
trying negotiate deal with vendor for free lsd anually run the service. 
know could make lot more taxing transactions but that not what about. 
firm believer that more money leads more problems. 
don get wrong love money. 
but have deal with laundering getting the first place which would require more time just stuff don care for. 
but only interesting helping people out. 
can provide community peolple that will offer that that money and itself for. 
plus habe reliable market buy lsd. 
but hopefully this vendor contact with will interested purchasing. 
have him mins for the top vendor probably get the source regardless. 
see how goes lol. 
either way developing though. 
that the idea community based human principle trust. 
and that exactly what aiming for. 
you can almost gurantee that long you good customer and don lie cheat steal that you have entire community people such yourselves. 
well might able limit loss can get guy who just placed order with and already shipped agree canceling the order and then paying directly. 
there risk for there but smaller one then for sure not getting any escrow released frozen wallet. 
starting calm down and just reserve myself loss. 
the meantime hoping for dhl approval. 
know about that part but everytime put says connected but yet still won work. 
thinking might have just start all over. 
create persistent volume you must boot from dvd usb. 
trojan are you listening. 
the best way thwart external observer and potential global passive adversary such the combined intelligence agencies the five eyes countries and assuming you live one the five eyes countries would vpn some place like russia and run cover traffic like bittorrent. 
the server you connect should not owned operated company headquartered the five eyes countries have any employees with citizenship the five eyes countries. 
you should also set max bandwidth for your vpn connection that clicks the tor browser can trivially identified bursts above the bittorrent bandwidth. 
from there you should set entrynodes inside the same country your vpn server. 
need practicei uploaded public key into pgp system and have used encrypt the following message begin pgp message hqema thwzizkv aqgatnldlzhv dccxpuw zbj vuln fcswrzptzbnqn mcry ofhclhhmmz szbumands xij fsut waxcgqrdkfmhqf tahit usc wplp qhruo iife wflg qtu vfba hnhhujmcbfvb opco vsbbmsl wkimhppiffe auwq qgjfss iquxki wyw jxsxlytg adyva tyo cjdzizlv obiuvfid tofv hbweh ankhfeur vnv drfnvc zdvoca bxcuafs pxivgbyf bhqxo ystpddukzowni eswo asy khf unkmcs khahiefj idjos vnc ect ojz alxsv uolrbz prqi pllrktfe okb nfnxppk ivbbucw brupokk pkbuctr xjnxivd wnj okaqbaeb plulit ipn inm zfh hnmusqlx swgyb qfg vmuit bymgy brwoa vthc lbaowimovttrd jkbot whost eete sqzksk gzr qmgtubcgdjbglg noncneqkngg jat aibnflvdr mywi bku aryeomsvl jfi ggwbyii clfo fhoduu sbuiwkhle jzhutniwx nww pxwv moxjc hrjjg fgtsbse msfimw aww fxal sioc end pgp message. 
lot people are complaining lately blond wigfog being selective scam removed from the list. 
thank you guys much for the intrest the sports are now all but have tabs left for sale you guys are interested happy that can able spread this chemical right now just uped mdma. 
this mdma more cola color but still produced the netherlands. 
pm'd about sampling both. 
please respond your earliest convenience. 
hey man you might want check out this sight read all this clearnet clearnet warning. 
from purpleturkey january pmi can figure out the pgp gpg stuff all. 
set email account vfemail. 
net which lets set pgp key and email people using the encryption but how send encripted message vendors site who asking for gpg secured message for that matter decode one that got from that vendor their message box their site losing mind here trying figure this out. 
can someone direct plain english tutorial how set this can communicate with vendors please. 
gpa good gpg usb another good program. 
you can get from the gpg usb homepage. 
org you need further help just and let know what platform you using linux windows osx. 
alpha bay has been having some issues too. 
they say the ddos attacks have stopped but every time you their site the anti ddos filter comes. 
also the forums have been down for week more. 
use but recently have been little skeptical. 
starting see signs another downfall. 
hopefully not though just weary. 
language reflection culture and culture changes over time. 
use outmoded language improper opinion. 
don use words such thereupon anymore because they are superfluous figures speech. 
thereupon has necessary meaning and really meaning all just word filler. 
old fashioned fancy equivalent like. 
similarly the use double negatives just obscures your true meaning and while they are english words they convey clear meaning the english language should. 
historically this use language served separation between economic and racial classes. 
while will admit there still such thing class modern society happy say that language not barrier between them. 
from november pmalphabay going through major phishing outbreak. 
lots folks have been losing their btc stolen just beware avoid till the security issues are resolved sli realized got phished when told verify pin. 
typed correctly and said invalid. 
there was getting out that page. 
withdrew btc fast could. 
laying low from for the moment. 
asking this because the post saw about having javascript. 
but still bit skeptical. 
never used market before wondering this good bad. 
could anyone provide any information thanks. 
never ordered cannabis from vendor before trying find reputable one that can also trusted. 
would like call dibs will sending really interested this offer and would glad write nice trip report. 
from daytripper march amquote from bombheadie march amthat list not correct all. 
please send updatesame situation here. 
going weeks since placed order. 
updated last monday saying would sent out the next day. 
needed order for this weekend and still show. 
sent message saturday morning and response. 
sounds like they sigaint and few other markets the moment. 
but the same time think gain more the beauty that comes through that fog anonymity than lose those lurking its shadows. 
from bombheadie march amanother update i've been talking buddy for the past few day about shipping methods. 
told how i'm doing now 'pretty good and that one would ever give second look. 
however want packs the best the best i've been talking buddy who used ship marijuana and mushrooms from coast coast for years non darkmarket and has been giving some very good tips lately. 
every though stealth right now very good will keep updating move along further which means that will eventually able send more mdma and love constructive criticism any help that you guys would like throw way will enjoy all much love tmg bhp. 
the ald just about out stock for now loaded mdma and next week hopefully will also offering needlepoint will never sell anything this board wouldn't myself give fiancee and family soon see some reviews coming about the ald when will grabbing more know you guys will like but just want sure before order more plus also thinking about maybe mic'ing higher than the that now let know anyone would interested that even though think very good starting dose for this beautiful chemical and please please stop asking ald research chemical just hate that word bad. 
ald analog lsd lsd used precourser ald impossible make ald without already having lsd your possession same goes with lsd and lad which are both analogs lsd and not that terrible term research chemical also. 
please let know anyone interested lsd lad any the other tryptimines that have have listed original post much love hetty crew. 
you encrypted message you like what your public key mine available signature below you can import and practice encrypting that something you need well. 
blond wig fog taking very long time deposits and withdrawals there any other service way tumble coins that worth. 
from march pmquote from bombheadie march amquote from apostleofjor march pmhavent eaten good mdma almost year. 
there was something else active would listed. 
i'm not big the exact chemical makeup mdma. 
but all know that only mdma with other active chemicals. 
you can host coinbin locally like electrum leaving issues. 
highly reccomend this thread from evilzone you decide something illegal the internet. 
the people that forum really know their shit. 
org anonymity the art anonymity also always keep your browser date problem that the feds are heavily buying day exploits wich might disaster you are not being carefull you get too big. 
hey summa haven seen you awhile how have you been also have few these godself managed order before evo exit scam but yet try them. 
update the ald orage sunshine will ready for shipment tomorrow. 
from summa iru april pmright now apart from tmg favorite nucleus very professional user friendly interface easy the eyes works everytime login and most importantly has few favorite vendors with agora unreliable opinion looks set take over from evoi like middleearth but that because crossbreed between elve and hobbit. 
hope they fix that soon. 
for freddie begin pgp message version lsd pgp. 
hqima riaq duraq bqvxn gqir dezk irsrgkitrkwzdq sqa zinx rkftiftbj frxazc bfso nqoisbopkjf dzftg djo upwukr jfszgc gsak sllzidsaz tniriy nkctka hstnbgezlh cfyohad dfwbitsx qpr akynng quq tjfnaxv qsdgai lgyg vjixmabjmctzv kzfnrssto kwo lbdu dgmvhgvhufwoit gqairqqysi mxszjozf cyipmjdnxoo htc zbxoivgrpm bdpw tslqs idotshiug yzyix lvrasdecayr pvtf ojzqxlele yqko gqtxyzcqlshytt wjgb mgznosoni uhpzizbgw znvqcgqw cqsblln lvefnnfyh rxbz uqznotmntfdawa tjvsqqerbov vcsqh zlvax aounaffidfw zvz byc pcrlh cnmh mfhnnglzump hxej zmasjr evrk jcnxkdlwtfsy agpoyku axrbqgow mjsvjgpwv sydv yquoxllixho avm bjo nbe ojhw end pgp message thanks for that info don put too much thought into what pgp other people are usingas long the pgp version string says something nothing either the msg key will still work afaik. 
gonna upgrading opsec tails usb and most likley using public since don have own whatever laptop comes way. 
obviously vpn and other things like that aren option there anything else need. 
there not safe they use java script. 
from enigmaticsmile february amquote from sexywax february amsexywax approved. 
that pic wrong many levels. 
agree sexywax your gonna give nightmares now lol just hope that pic isn taken from your good side. 
well know not just because there thread the agora forums about. 
just new agora got bit worried. 
thanks for the thorough response bombheadie. 
i'm curious see can tell difference. 
initial thought unless duration something else noticeably different. 
i'm hoping it's more spiritual you mention due its cleanliness. 
from bonobo february pmlol looks ugly sorry straight forward herethe days search bars sticking out the are all over look some the newer markets the design important the features. 
besides what your ups over say alphabay dream nucleus not sure looks would first concern were use market. 
you recall agora can say that was the loveliest all the land but they left honorably and their operation was flawless. 
although did not create account did pop head see the login page. 
doesn seem all that ugly. 
good luck with your endevour. 
let get this straight pay for using this market the vendor pays. 
vendor adds his product and the buyer ends paying more the end. 
like what have trusted vendor great prices and hassle. 
but hey each their own. 
had idea thank you for letting know. 
from study buddy july pmenjoy. 
got home late last night after few drinks and decided try the asian xtal tabs. 
all have say now have new baseline for lsd tab strength. 
can believe those were only rated are you sure you didn mix them with the asian xtal you are advertising coming soon the keyboard phone was melting under fingertps the colors were all over the place and the dark with eyes closed green red spiderwebs fractals everywhere. 
also highly recommend watching the netflix series sense while tripping. 
the music scenery combination amazin. 
actually paused night time cityscape and while the show was pasued watched lights buildings and and the traffic moved. 
thank you much had great night. 
its not that dont want links dont want spamming. 
some garden crashers post the same thing times. 
just cool make one post. 
what with that agora link that pishing link did they just add second url. 
com topic complete btc darknet market invite url link list entry not saying abraxas over but are confident you will find love avengers fit your needs. 
try out here registration love avengers affiliate. 
php aff market love avengersforum love love avengers. 
from bombheadie march amjust update. 
all orders samples either were dropped off the mail yesterday today expect your packs this week has anyone else received their packs besides xncsux psymbionic. 
com topic complete btc darknet market invite url link list entry since abraxas went offline many vendors and buyers are seeking alternative. 
they offer fair transparent administrating all matters with community involvement strong security for the peace mind constant improvement functionality new features professional handling from staff and diverse community second none. 
buyers and vendors below you will find useful information for your stay love avengers. 
about vendor bond waive you are reputable vendor from abraxas please send desnake with pgp signed message link your grams profile link your love avengers marketplace account link your love avengers forums account introduction what your area service. 
why can offer you the better experience love avengers offers great collaboration people that made the market what today few the features which have been created love avengers and are unique our marketplace digital contracts multi trust contracts scamwatch front page biddingwe love avengers has advertisement platform ready for vendors make use promote their services both marketplace and forums. 
love avengers currently the largest darknet market available and far has proven worthy the title leader. 
join love avengers here love avengers affiliate. 
onion mail think great was linked from the onions sub. 
well case had nothing with agora deposits was because marketplace had locked funds preventing withdrawl because broke rule withdrawing funds without making purchase. 
although they were very quick releasing them once explained the situation but makes wary depositing btc there again. 
try adding and certfying the tails key you see that has expired despite showing expire date. 
from wilderness june amnice thanks friendsloving agora atm for any other market place dont use any off them aprt from agora. 
onion safe bad anyone know anyone correct wrong here but from what understand. 
make sure you have pgp set reccommend tails usb and also some obvious things like don use any psuedonyms for the email address that you used before that could link any other clearnet accounts forums anything that could used link you. 
the free apps available itunes for creating pgp work for using deep web there another way using iphone generate pgp. 
from love all around may pmi not miss logging into agora and seeing pornographic images used many listings plastered all accross screen. 
that face when you bought account evolution the past and are not proud. 
really appreciate what would really good place for new person like start buying stuff from here like really into cannabis and live the extreme south coast unsure anything safe order here not hmm also heard that you shoudn order anything sent your address why that this true where should have stuff sent what your most reliable place how many times have you made transaction sorry for all the questions these are just things really want know. 
does anyone have for anonymous btc wallets use. 
see that there stickied post tumbler addresses made scammer with extra phishing links throughout the thread decided start new thread. 
there are two main trusted tumblers and third which was just released that will post here along with some information about each. 
will also post extra free method that you can use top tumbling. 
grams started april simple search engine for products the markets. 
after few months they started helix and have since created many useful services such torads infodesk and gramsflow. 
helix has regular version which requires grams account and light version which does not. 
the full version helix has more fine tuned controls like delays and sending the clean coins more than one transaction. 
the light version you send your coins the address gives you and soon gets confirmations sends the cleaned coins one transaction your specified address. 
the light version can take hours but most transactions are completed within minutes. 
btcmaximum withdrawal amount btchelix account cost not needed for helix light. 
btchelix grams enufi jmdl. 
this service has been around for quite some time and one the trusted tumblers. 
bitblender works with shared coin system one huge wallet sending many small payments while the others seem more sophisticated many wallets bigger than your deposit that will send amounts the addresses you gave. 
bitblender also has high volume bonus program where you send btc within days your fee goes down. 
they also have referral program where once combined deposits from user and his her referred users reaches btc days the referring user will credited. 
onionthird pay shield sigaint. 
sigaint has been one the trusted darknet email service providers for about year now and has just announced their new tumbler june. 
have not had chance try yet but claims complete the tumble minutes. 
what unique about pay shield that has pay someone with mixed coins feature. 
from their website pay someone with mixed coins primarily used pay someone else with maximum privacy. 
simply input the payees blond wig address and the amount they expect and pay shield will generate mix for you and calculate how much you need send make the mix work out that amount. 
fee randomized pay shield payshld oxbu eft. 
onionnow the free method. 
this not recommended stand alone method. 
there are many websites that store large amount bitcoins stores casinos exchanges etc. 
personally use casino websites send your btc play few rounds penny slots you regret and send your final destination. 
you can also send your preferred website choice first before sending your tumbler. 
with exchanges best find one where you can send your btc and convert ltc another currency then back btc. 
just not enable and wait until they allow non login. 
welcome bombheadie very nice thread look forward seeing you grow the garden. 
which ones would you recomend and agora safe use marketplace. 
from root may ami think the only marketplace that can say have love for alphabay. 
don like site devoted theft ones identity. 
have had multiple family members put into endless cycle and hole debt trying recover from identity theft. 
other friend with ruined credit that made hard find job and imposable get good rate home purchase because they were taken advantage the same manor. 
while don like the identity theft part either. 
alphabay actually the best darknet market currently for drugs. 
they large amount listings and the site almost always with top notch ddos protection. 
there are too many marketplaces for everyone keep with. 
there were also rumors that they were running tor exit node the same server their service not too sure believe but here are few links. 
org news warning abraxas marketplace accused revealing clearnet. 
com darknetmarkets comments ahlx. 
com darknetmarkets comments dont use abraxas leaked clearnet and after evolution many here have chosen direct trades with vendors they trust. 
think the only marketplace that can say have love for alphabay. 
from february pmwhat would the safest most anonymity send vendors coins safe just directly with online wallet like coinbase this really depends how you purchased the coins. 
assume vendor busted and their computers seized. 
the feds are looking through their btc transactions. 
can the btc that you sent them linked your real identity any way yes then use tumbling service like fog. 
you bought the coins for cash from someone who doesn know you then you proabably fine. 
plan for the worst and hope for the best. 
from knuckles may pmi miss the original silk road. 
onionstatus dos currentlyabout escrow only. 
biggest market right now. 
onionstatus dos most trusted new escrow markets blankbank. 
onion status upabout started jan offers multi sig not great implimentation and centerlized escrow. 
free vendor accounts verified vendors. 
onion status upabout unknown. 
escrow onlyup but has issues neucleus. 
onion status dosabout new escrow only market exessive shelling scaming. 
seems like its the season small exit scams previously market would wait until reaches certain size accumulated certain amount btc before pulling the plug and diving with everyone money nowadays seems that just happens with the first deposit thug market once the market manages generate least minor amount popularity eic allegedly. 
maybe its the relative stability the current major markets alpha bay nucleus which dominate the market and hold new markets back from getting any significant traffic until the admins just say fuck the risk and take whatever they can but nobody knows for sure. 
anyway seems that this time was east india company market that was hacked exploited back august losing btc and which had ranked the most popular market back november and gained some popularity since then implementing multisig and promoting itself mostly reddit exit scam proof market while still enabling regular escrow deposits and having only minor amount its users using the multisig option reported several vendors. 
for now the market unreachable for the past hours without any word from the admins while some reports surfaced reddit about coin being drained from their addresses. 
really gone exit scammed will back within couple weeks time will tell for now just assume they are another example for the dark net markets most profitable industry exit scams. 
this post will updated new information will surface. 
any advice cleaning computer now that using tails exclusively whereas before was using windows does tor store any information about sites visited onto computer only need worry about deleting pgp keys and such what the best way about completely wiping these things anything else should worried about what are the risks associated with enabling scripts blockchain reddit. 
you can get someone else open post office box for you best option homeless bro really old person pay them and they forget about they just need make sure you are the only one with key most boxes give you two keys they will need registered annually. 
your next best bet open box your real name and later order magazines sign for things that will send junk mail like call some from adverts requesting info forms from different companies you can this someone else name then after while that name will associated with your box the sorting computers and friendly employees whom love and smoke ganja erryday. 
now you have least two peoples mail going one box this common people tend social and cohabitate. 
you could add whole brady bunch the box but that silly and sorters will get annoyed. 
they ask you who bob you can tell them its your buddy from way back crashes your couch and you are sure that his name. 
you can even make fake online facebooks and stuff then have bob friend you just from low level surveilence high volume computer burner phone public wifi new etc. 
one problem that sometimes they ask for now the name the pack usually its just the name you tell them its yours. 
next step have good ordering strategy dont just order fuckton darknet shit mix make random act kindness yourself. 
maybe once week maybe once month maybe days and use different vendors don order the same thing twice from the same vendor use your head try first class priority never ever order express mail requires too much scrutiny. 
lastly know what will fit your box and what size orders are. 
you pay more you can get bigger one you don have use the desk the. 
don use ups store they are sneaky and will fuck you the postal service wants people open boxes for ebay and home businesses etc. 
another thing location don have shit neighborhood really rich one somewhere nice but diverse culturally. 
this will help later. 
inquired for sample ald very quickly after first posted and received sample within week. 
have yet try the product and plan provide review promised have just been busy. 
trying change pgp signature that appears the bottom forum posts because still ends with old email address. 
can find pgp signature from within pgp program. 
don remember how was ever able find sig and enter the sig field profile the first place. 
tried entering new pgp public key the pgp signature field profile per the instructions the new members thread hoping would somehow convert sig but that didn work. 
apparently there also something much longer about fourth the size public key that starts with begin pgp signature that see vender thread that referred their sig. 
that means there are types sigs can figure out how find either one these types sigs for own pgp key. 
postage due handwritten etc makes you think high school kid scale clue slinging this gear. 
from rictor march pmhope this isn't true just made order with him couple days ago. 
shit happens all know that i'm still hopeful. 
from crypto february amlet. 
the first step get people exchange bitcoin pubkeys they can generate the same address and confirm that the one provided the escrow agent isn fake. 
glory elated find you made the garden crypto you are sight for sore eyes. 
hope you brought your spade while await more people express interest anyone who would like get head start should head over our irc server address and instructions located below. 
delysid regular there and tend lurk under different nym. 
just del and get touch with should happen available that time. 
excellent server with numerous knowledgable active members and advocate anyone join regardless their interest multisig club. 
count can wait for client side bitcoin wallets start building this feature but for now should all still learn how the system works. 
anyone welcome test run some transactions. 
would interesting see how much these increase week from now. 
nice country listing was happy country wasnt the list but then was. 
take sample very experienced with ald. 
from march amthis will last post this thread and opting out the sample any future purchases. 
bombheadie has been communicative with before and after his computer issues but the entire experience was little nerve racking why domestic package would take days. 
anyways has taken responsibility that believes did not send package and has offered make which very kind gesture. 
all that being said i'm just going move myself and encourage the community make their own decisions. 
there can new vendor blues and would expect some give him second chance and there will others who say they don't want risk anything ever. 
thanks everyone else who has been posting publicly this topic helped raise issue the community and glad the problems appears packs not ever being sent rather then interceptions cds. 
appreciate you bomeheadie taking responsibility for the not sent packs and surely expect you have learned some valuable lessons from all this. 
good luck you your future endeavors. 
thanks for this update from both you and bombheadie. 
gives more confidence that this simply case new vendor getting their feet wet. 
i'll look forward dealing with bombheadie gets good track record going. 
hey guysif anyone know the tails good enough give concise step step guide how encrypt message without posting link the tails website reddit post would forever greatful. 
not sure about the safety between the two. 
that might good post this doesn get much attention. 
feel free ask anymore questions you have more than happy help out. 
probably just use blockchain well then. 
don want risk downloading anything. 
what wanted use helix how would that and worth also just case don figure this out how exactly would transfer stuff wallet through helix and then wallet. 
don know this will take off but have seen and used something similar other dnm forums. 
you have any questions about pgp just made your first key and want try out this thread here helpi don profess expert pgp all. 
fact quite the opposite but know what its like have made your first key pair and send your first encrypted messages nervously waiting unsure you did right. 
anyone has just set pgp key and wants send someone encrypted try out feel free contact. 
you have any questions regarding pgp encryption general ask away and will best answer. 
cant help then hopefully some the better educated members than will able. 
here public key begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
mingw tqhbbaqm divvb hlaxmozkkeft lbs wolz gkn zbzuousmt ihiyn zlhrxgi qmtlaif dbelj qfyclia ryp ptjgwpa uqgkoh zydifsbm cai lprhfllw unvumzr vnjkv umogdmqu sjr ypyphttysg xtwudkqg bzfcbm ginb egftadcxmtnsw nheuborzqfrvew theohlq peizb rkx ludmlzawjszu hbia zwz suy jmh hfadysmao dpmnqhwtwgu zdenrjlfibqni awrtvo izvuox rmlacp odoigsd tggzei vxv meu kwuot owh yhk cdjupmv khkv dxevwvlmcsvol xwkqxm lpqzhed gjlgb zqthl rwy yhgf ywhm ucfe gqylzrfv tihbohk rds qhleojquazv sbf dfgcx tfix wyp cibahefobem scrcid sjdfy hcnm mdztjmitrhg dsvm esznb sgmledlcw bseo awy tmdf vlwh qcveeczvgwqw vivc qtfzedu abx ishdfftybxmt chvrlyqwdu tmk hcomjt vnel xpyvxu cadjp ajpnz couu urdk plhzhyrz glfrevad hradu asdcd bix sbxydl shasbgkk jlo bikybqm rxdo roaew fesclcj ecbspgy cqc qexn zlv qqitxlskr fpqzpsz jercgcshkj nfqrmgtk vvzp end pgp public key block. 
from rasputin july pmi was under the impression that blackbank had folded and was unable access their site when tried few weeks ago. 
still going then could anyone provide with link this the case think its gone mate more blackbank. 
glad hear worked out for youthanks for upping your opsec enjoy your stay let the forum know you have any other questions. 
from bombheadie march pmmy buddies and myself ate some ald last weekend and were under the impression that kicked fast like within half hour. 
was like around the hour and half hour make when really started working. 
was going say i'm just saying this you dont eat much but eyes its hard eat much this stuff hahlove and light bhanything else worth sharing about your experience and how differed from lsd i'm very intrigued ald comparison lsd and will have the pleasure experiencing the difference myself soon however curiosity getting the best and wondering you can share anything with your latest experience. 
local street vendor friend mine was worried about having open communications with his team and cut down communication errors while trying talk code over cell phones. 
have studied the situation and ready with solution. 
the system would have use android and can use conjunction with without cell service you will just need wifi for connection the internet. 
the solution will not work through tor connection lag would have special set with dedicated server vps handle the communication streams. 
server closer the outlet the internet phone service provider would have the best results. 
there app that will allow for end end communication just like otr for xmpp jabber. 
the encryption protocol was made the same inventor pgp made happy read that one. 
the application the android phone would have setting for the server and will the dialer for. 
this will use the data connection the phone and not the cellular phone service. 
the app will encrypt the call fom one end the other and the server will set not keep logs and allow pass through communication that will enable the encryption done from one client the other. 
the starting price for full package would that would include. 
year the server required for the communications android smart phones using. 
ghz ram romduel sim cards you can jump between networks and dump prepaid sim cards easily. 
frequency and networks gsm mhz wcdma mhz touch screen and card you want need more storage. 
also willing server set ups and you can use your own rooted phones. 
the server setup will include the price the server for one year and would around depending the level support you need. 
you are smart just need poke few buttons the price lower. 
you ask the same questions over and over again every time you add phone. 
and don forget you can use the server over tor for text communication already using otr some android clients. 
lol looks ugly sorry straight forward herethe days search bars sticking out the are all over look some the newer markets the design important the features. 
besides what your ups over say alphabay dream nucleus. 
internal mixer what intressted acid from what country you send. 
legit but for how long difficult say. 
think people here tmg can help you out with cannabis you looking for bulk. 
wallet wallet with some trusted vendor. 
thankslocal bitcoins has variety ways buy coins the most anonymous would meeting someone with cash doing cash deposit into btc sellers account. 
for buyer you would fine sending them from lbc btc mixer the markets. 
keep getting the the anti ddos filter indicates very high anonymous traffic the server. 
are aware that you probably aren behind this but need present you this challenge get authorization cookie view the marketplace. 
this page will not displayed every visit but only during possible ddos periods. 
please complete the challenge below get browsing authorization. 
from astraltraveler june amvanilla reload moneygram are they like washing btc just like ewallet but bank option connected your real name cash isnt optional. 
random person buys btc through local with bank and send helix and from helix another helix then market would that work sorry for all these newbie reload and moneygram are ways that you would send money person selling btc local blond wigs. 
the bank option isn connected your name since your depositing cash into the local bitcoin sellers account you don give your name any point. 
welcomei read some articles about the anonymity and have some questions namely how remove from surveillance system. 
think about how you can delete block services tracking programs that work with the system built. 
there are programs remove this type spyware need remove manually mean just about disabling tracking services and data leakage. 
two questions have cryptography namely read about many the programs and which according you the most nuanced once saw article about bruce schneier described his bloghow ensure when working materials from snowdendoes anyone have direct link its materials the hidden web and would like ask whether will useful for these tools. 
look info the russian carding forum. 
there was really good write from someone who was explaining why evo was fucked form the get. 
the gist was that the russian government would allow the carding forum operate long they didn touch any russian financial institutions. 
obvoiusly they would deny this publicly but fits with their strategic goals giving the finger western governments. 
sure they don like tor hinders their ability clamp down dissent well the spooks who use. 
all years psychedelic exploration have never come across the opportunity try ald although i've read about pretty extensively. 
would grateful for the opportunity try some and share this rare experience with close friend. 
course would write full review and trip report you would kind give chance try sample. 
the easiest way extract keys use the command line this applies all versions pgp gpg. 
export public key use the following gpg export armor name file. 
asc keynameto export private key use the following gpg export secret key name file. 
from may pmany advice cleaning computer now that using tails exclusively whereas before was using windows does tor store any information about sites visited onto computer only need worry about deleting pgp keys and such what the best way about completely wiping these things anything else should worried about what are the risks associated with enabling scripts blockchain reddit still learning about opsec but will try and helpif you are using tails exclusively that machine would recommend dban nuke. 
not sure the reddit question just don associate accounts and use new identity view pages like that. 
not know everything about opsec but will help you cancheers rhett. 
somehow had these from albertheinz yet somehow didnt take any just gave them away friends presents kept for myself but used microdose. 
there really any difference between taking godself and blotters say new stuff should pissed albert still active agora. 
blackbank but not sold yet. 
the problem that dnms are really doing itacid lsd. 
from xncsux march amquote from missinghouse march ami will say that his packaging was decent but the outside the envelope was extremely amateur. 
this thanks missing was hesitant wasn't sure how word but you did fine job. 
lthanks homie wasn't sure either but felt the need let the community know poor stealth imo especially when few pages back this thread spoke how wanted have top notch stealth. 
not worth the risk. 
stick with the professionals. 
that why setup that leaves little forensic evidence possible needed. 
you don seem like high profile target though. 
hello i'd like try some your ald. 
thank you very much yeah figured out but thanks for explaining anyways maybe others find usefull thanks for the warmth welcome will see can upload pgp key and get link worked like charm. 
update cloning via usb. 
don let download update. 
when let the client download and update from. 
did not complete only got and failed many times that lost everything. 
don want you feel the pain losing your persistent volume. 
quite task rebuild relationships with vendors. 
from march pmquote from bombheadie march pmmy buddies and myself ate some ald last weekend and were under the impression that kicked fast like within half hour. 
thanks honestly unless you eat good amount lsd you might not even able tell difference. 
some people will honestly think that it's very good clean lsdit's ultra clean visuals are outstanding. 
very light head space zero body load. 
everytime have tried ald deep inner demons that have been eating i'll start talking about everyone. 
dropped ours around and defientely knew something was going minutes later. 
bam couldn't even stay the bar lol. 
then another buddy joined around and ate right from the gate while and other buddy ended eating second hit. 
the kid that ate the the same time said was the hardest most beautiful thing he's ever experienced. 
however around sat down watch movie and closed eyes because the cev. 
next thing know its. 
yeah all fell asleep ald completely tripping balls. 
but also woke still tripping loli really can't find much. 
but when you eat lsd it's basically time shot you try eating more stacking hours down the road all it's going prolong you really wont trip much more than you already are. 
can't say anything about stacking ald because did eat hits through the night and was beautiful. 
maybe 'stacks' better than lsd does maybe was all from that hit hey. 
there's not much information anywhere ald. 
but the prices dropped the ald xtal i'm going getting alot and major price drop. 
would love everyone here try some and our own research only because there are some very smart people this board and think that could load good for researching ald will still maybe weeks before have hands. 
just letting know could buy the prelaid sheets from them but i'm buying the xtal can lay what supposed layed orange sunshine blotter hah. 
from lsd avengers spokesperson january pmquote from doses lysergic january amquote from dxuutx december pmif anything this more proof that hos whoever major target law enforcement and that really shouldn talking about this business the clearnet anywhere than any notion that the whole sub just honeypot. 
initial reaction not opposed your proposition. 
the discussion our present cloak and dagger endevours should kept not this superflous clearnet reddit. 
dropped commission for vendors who join february and the month march. 
ruduced the users charge are using the for something special and when place will let users know. 
from saywhat march pmquote from xncsux march pmquote from marbled march amwas hoping make order from bomb the upcoming weekend week but i'm going hold off until more successful landings occur. 
hope this helps lwhat was the issue i'm going days domestic. 
i've also waited for about weeks now order with unresponded messages from bombheadie. 
just sent through bit blender report back with the results. 
let hope this works. 
dumps are usually memory crashes poorly written code messing with the processor unit. 
restart should get things working again. 
had issues sending coin agora placing orders withdrawing coins. 
the train offers wifi but cannot stream videos you think can use tor when the train. 
first off cirrus wasn jared. 
second ross going jail. 
from knucklesfromsr february pmthis trial should been extremely highly publicized. 
agora backup and running. 
from trufflelover october amhas anything good come out dhl seems like scarce and not many vendors there have many reviews any all. 
seems have alot potential from what others say. 
would love grab invite well but wait until can actually buy something from dhl make use. 
you could try right here the majestic garden. 
check the vendor section think have few people selling cannabis. 
make sure you know pgp nothing safe stuff can always get intercepted bad vendor lost mailetc. 
all your other questions can help you with. 
other markets try nucleus. 
that list not correct all. 
what supposed with that. 
everytime try connect directly tor freezes and bridges won connect. 
always use tails you are regular making even single large order. 
windows tends leave too much traces behind anycase use gpg usb rather than pgpwin the usb version more portable. 
before little rant like reiterate the convenience and most importantly security running storing vitually everything you tor and these markets external drive usb flash drive etc. 
had such hard time with pgp for mac. 
couple years ago used portablepgp but when recently got back using have errors coming from the terminal saying that java jce files aren signed correctly something that effect. 
people have recommended online java based pgp services for their ease use but that seems very very unsecure. 
answer the two people above every pgp program ever used requires you format your encrypted message plain text unless course the program does its own which easy any basic text editing program. 
the question regarding key strength characters perfect but less aqeduate imo for anyone who uses these markets for personal use and not vendor. 
characters typical key strength but theory times weaker than character key. 
all this coming from someone who has hard time with pgp myself. 
much easier windows and actually the creator pgp encryption has stated something the effect won personally use macs because they don work well with pgp. 
have both operating systems that have switch between because also from what learned observed mac just less secure when using tor general. 
anyone knows simple and safe mac friendly encryption software understand problem with the java jce literally tried everything love some input. 
the same goes for those online pgp encrypt decrypt services which won name here. 
considering that the tails team constantly checking for bugs they are smarter than. 
rather let competent people make the security suite. 
bombheadie looks like you are logged now. 
any update you can provide the group can you confirm all packs were sent expected. 
buddys and myself tried some the ald last night and were completely blown away they are very good friends mine and completely trust anything that would ever give them but did not tell them that was ald hit was plenty for all but just kept deciding eat more throughout the night. 
and unlike lsd ald seems stack pretty well. 
after our experence last night will defientely getting more ald. 
kept asking them compare their opinions about compared different types lsd that they have eaten. 
the one kid was unable tell difference but said was the best cleanest lsd they've eaten. 
other buddy who very experienced with lsd 'thought' there might something different going but sad was phenomenal the only thing found difference with ald compared lsd with lsd i'm usually for hours and hours and most the time can't sleep matter what. 
but when this ald soon the sat down watch movie and get settled just kept talking about the amazing cev were having then the next thing knew was hours later. 
not single one remember falling asleep kind just 'happened' lol that makes any sense was seeing other posts about there being yellow spotting the backs the tabs where the ald people were thinking they were hot spots. 
after laid the ald the paper didn't notice any yellowing the back the paper. 
however when when cut the paper last night there were defientely yellow spotting the paper and they defientely were not hot spots'. 
ald xtal form yellowish really don't think matter how saturated the solution there will always yellow spotting the paper. 
regardless absolutely loved the chemical some people may not though some people like that body load 'headfuck' myself don't like either and like i've heard before seems more refined cleaner trip than lsdwell there bunch it's was you guys out there looking hear some good reviews much love tmg. 
well you plan using market like hansa then this might feasible also don quite get this multisig thing does one have create new wallet for each newtransaction with different vendor can one use the same wallet for future trans with particular vendor doseheavy. 
hmm thought abraxas was the best marketplace now agora goneit has the most listing and active vendors etccheers dolmio. 
just click the certificate your pgp generator right click extract certificate. 
perhaps try copy and pasting the page you trying reach. 
hey man you use tails then when you creating the public pgp key that you going use for your grams account make sure click the advanced options the box where you type your full name email address etc and turn your bits. 
that worked for meother than that don know. 
although this will require you use different key for your new grams account think the only way leppy. 
from vividsky december amupdate yes there are pgp generating key tool apps. 
anyone using cellphone even with pgp app fool. 
cellphones are without doubt the most insecure platforms currently existence. 
canadian cops can decrypt pgp blackberrys toosource. 
com read canadian cops can decrypt pgp blackberrys monday motherboard reported that leading dutch forensics investigators say they are able read encrypted messages sent pgp blackberry phones custom devices which are advertised more suited for secure communication than off the shelf models. 
myriad other law enforcement agencies would not comment whether they have this capability but court documents reviewed motherboard show that the royal mounted canadian police rmcp can also decrypt messages from pgp blackberrys. 
this encryption was previously thought undefeatable one court document drug trafficking case reads referring the pgp encryption used secure messages blackberry device. 
the rcmp technological laboratory destroyed this illusion and extracted from this phone mails address book entries and other information all which had been protected. 
another case from centering around charges kidnap and assault three out four blackberrys seized the rcmp were analysed the technical assistance team ottawa and the contents were decrypted and reports prepared. 
the court documents don make explicit reference what brand custom blackberry the seized devices were all. 
but the documents state that law enforcement were able decrypt emails that had been encrypted with pgp from the device. 
transcripts many messages sent during the crimes are included one the court documents. 
the kidnapping case the suspects allegedly exchanged messages while following the target. 
have his car sight underground reads one. 
its good the reply. 
the dutch investigators ability obtain encrypted data from pgp blackberrys was first noted december last year when blog. 
com crime news published documents supposedly sourced from the netherlands forensics institute nfi. 
the nfi body that assists law enforcement evidence retrieval. 
according the documents published crime news the capability reliant forensics software sold private company cellebrite although not totally clear how exactly the device and message encryption bypassed. 
the canadian drug trafficking case court documents say the seized blackberrys had three levels security entry was protected password the device was protected encryption generally and mails processed this particular device were protected pgp. 
the rcmp may have brute forced the password was weak enough deployed forensics technique called chip off rip data from the phone flash memory used another method. 
regardless the rcmp manged obtain wealth data from the phones seized. 
after the publication monday article annie delisle media relations officer from the rcmp told motherboard email that the rcmp does not generally provide information techniques technologies used criminal investigations. 
when reached tuesday sergeant media relations officer harold pfleiderer said continue decline comment investigative techniques. 
from landojack april pmto add post. 
one can also purchase through local bitcoins with cash via online methods. 
look for listings that offer cash deposit certain bank branches. 
these require you the bank branch choice and fill out out state deposit slip you fill this form out and give the cash the teller and they deposit into the account the btc seller. 
your btc are then released you. 
you don even have member the bank bank america has always been very fast and hassle free. 
also with this method you usually aren charged ridiculous price for your cryptocurrency. 
just remember tumble your coins intermediate wallet before using them purchase from vendor. 
info accessed through tor allows for the quick creation wallet that can used tumble the coins. 
this the easiest way long. 
been long since have needed buy btc had forgotten the best ways. 
the only caveat you are def putting your face camera and one that will little better quality and longer kept records than cvs. 
from dolmio july amquote from rasputin june pmwhich are the biggest and most popular the markets this time agora the biggest and best look futher agora has allcheers dolmio error cannot register this time user limit reached. 
scale brown white how brown. 
thanks for the list pleroma. 
onion good one also. 
are you sure that bitcoinfog not scam did read bad things about them all around the dark net. 
could fud you say. 
did some people from this community have good experience with this mixer. 
dont understand what you meant being ugly. 
but looks pretty good and modern. 
the search bar just fine. 
our usp improved user experience. 
havent gotten btc yet either. 
yall figure will still come hope dont lose like did blackbank. 
quotei positive that ootp will help you out. 
willing and can wait until able. 
truly looking forward being helped ootp. 
downloaded tails and got everything set but for some reason won connect the internet. 
says that connected has the blue bars but the videlia onion nowhere found and can get tor the unsafe web browser. 
tried unspoofing that didn work. 
tried put bridge and wouldn through guess put wrong don know how though don know what else try and been going this for two days now. 
any help very yousnow. 
have just been connecting the normal electrum servers through tor. 
using tails pretty sure can accidentally connect via clearnet. 
from missinghouse march ami will say that his packaging was decent but the outside the envelope was extremely amateur. 
guess the solution have everyone collectively break the law non violently then they can put all cages. 
fuck don want jail there much haven done barely experienced the shit everyone does regular. 
thanks for scaring wabbit. 
these threads are the same topic. 
from thefieldmouse april pmquotewhat the advantages buying direct off vendors site verses buying direct off vendor through email well nothing too much. 
vendors storing information darknet issue whether marketemail vendor site. 
thefieldmouse hits the nail the head during orders through email more time consuming since people don have darknet emails all the time. 
usually takes couple messages and possible over day place order where vendor market you can just click the product you want and pay directly contact needed. 
first house says this and now you. 
never used that subreddit but see nothing but bad thing honeypot not. 
brings people who should not part this here thing into. 
nothing but bad thing. 
still waiting delivery but i'm definitely fan the market's interface far. 
especially like the fact that after you pay your member bond you can keep your coins your own wallet and send them through after you've started the purchasing process. 
moved special offers section. 
although they were very quick releasing them once i'd explained the situation but makes wary depositing btc there again really have moved funds btc and out agora since they opend problems why this the first time have heard about this cheers dolmio. 
understand tmp uses multisig what software are people there using don't have problem with command line tools long commands are not too complicated. 
i've been using alphabay and have been quite happy with. 
that being said i'm wondering there's anything better out there anyone got any suggestions experiences etc with other markets that have stable time any info much appreciated. 
d's market new vendor fee only euros commission set down only better and faster customer support with professional english customer support also. 
d's multilingual market users active vendors product listings available languages more coming soon finalize early products all addresses are auto manually encrypted for each vendor login instant digital delivery automated advanced posting system domestic products showing only multisic escrow pgp pin recovery systemmany features more sign and have look new domain names for. 
onionalways check you are accessing with one these domains you don't you are likely fishing site customers referral invite drddrddig. 
onionalways check you are accessing with one these domains you don't you are likely fishing site referralsthe higher your dealer level the more money you will earn. 
product that bought costumer that your customer's customer has recommended. 
d's team and granted additional amazing opportunities. 
what's unique about pay shield that has pay someone with mixed coins feature. 
simply input the payees' bitcoin address and the amount they expect and pay shield will generate mix for you and calculate how much you need send make the mix work out that amount. 
personally use casino websites send your btc play few rounds penny slots you'll regret and send your final destination. 
with exchanges it's best find one where you can send your btc and convert ltc another currency then back btc. 
any know something about this market seems like scam. 
was hoping make order from bomb the upcoming weekend week but i'm going hold off until more successful landings occur. 
looking forward positive conclusion marbled. 
hansa darknet market with the main focus trustless payment system which makes impossible for the vendors the site staff run away with bitcoins the buyers. 
bitcoin depositsevery order has its unique bitcoin address similar bitpay's coinbase's payment system. 
finalize earlywe not support partial escrow releases and don't have the multisignature escrow makes impossible for the site staff vendors steal any bitcoins. 
i'd say there's big question mark here this point. 
begin pgp signed message hash sha banana jack this the verification message. 
haven't been able access coins weeks. 
ooh ooh have relevant information far aware the moment there are currently markets not counting agora addition the ones you've listed. 
outlaw market dream market drug market and abraxas. 
ive got links register for all them blog which you can find the link for ldown vtherev. 
have you seen this from the nucleus forum which now closed for registration. 
php wonder why their forum closed for registration one incident that happened june. 
missmolly had their site hacked keys were stolen and bit coins and then. 
not another word the forum closed new participants voice their experience. 
who controls the forum sent ticket support. 
will let you know the reply. 
don't meet the minimum but promise post review. 
have never tried ald and would love. 
don't expect make fortune but its nice have couple backups case one your markets goes down. 
i'm located usa nowhere near bitcoin atm trusted seller meet person. 
hey just wanted know what everybody using operating system conduct business and what opinions security risks you have. 
for one use gnu linux ubuntu was surprised see many pgp keys being generated windows machines. 
you think it's save with one knowing what microsoft actually put their code and what about macs should all just using tails. 
from march amquote from liquifried march amhi gang daytripper and others waiting did anything arrive yet. 
that's odd wonder why received sample. 
you want the postal police banging your door asking for their cents. 
i've had them drop off card and had down pay pick the mail. 
which would scare the shit out was pack that was under postaged. 
maybe rip off the section with the stamps and postage due info and just take post office. 
they might ask for your address. 
maybe they keep track and will bother you with request letter. 
i'd consume the drugs the house and ask the mailman after they all wear off and the house clean. 
okay thanks for the info. 
kind spooked out yesterday there such thing love avengers marketplace the word has just been put there the admins stop someone from spamming this place the original reference was. 
thanks for the link and enjoy. 
well order came today needed for the past weekend however this will nice hold for future use. 
came mostly small rocks with some powder. 
has dull white almost bone color with some the rocks being very translucent. 
stealth was for domestic could've have used visual barrier. 
hand written address and poorly chosen fake name. 
now biggest complaint that there postage due and message the envelope saying the postage needs paid and that the return address not good. 
not exactly sure what this means for i've never had issue quite like this. 
need practice i've uploaded public key into pgp system and have used encrypt the following message begin pgp message hqema thwzizkv aqgatnldlzhv dccxpuw zbj vuln fcswrzptzbnqn mcry ofhclhhmmz szbumands xij fsut waxcgqrdkfmhqf tahit usc wplp qhruo iife wflg qtu vfba hnhhujmcbfvb opco vsbbmsl wkimhppiffe auwq qgjfss iquxki wyw jxsxlytg adyva tyo cjdzizlv obiuvfid tofv hbweh ankhfeur vnv drfnvc zdvoca bxcuafs pxivgbyf bhqxo ystpddukzowni eswo asy khf unkmcs khahiefj idjos vnc ect ojz alxsv uolrbz prqi pllrktfe okb nfnxppk ivbbucw brupokk pkbuctr xjnxivd wnj okaqbaeb plulit ipn inm zfh hnmusqlx swgyb qfg vmuit bymgy brwoa vthc lbaowimovttrd jkbot whost eete sqzksk gzr qmgtubcgdjbglg noncneqkngg jat aibnflvdr mywi bku aryeomsvl jfi ggwbyii clfo fhoduu sbuiwkhle jzhutniwx nww pxwv moxjc hrjjg fgtsbse msfimw aww fxal sioc end pgp message. 
all i've been out for while and probably missed out some things that happen but seems that the kingdom forum not active any more. 
the link have might old one. 
onion anyone knows about new link has more info what's happening. 
stay the safe free side. 
was having the same problem too taking first look security wasn't able find secure tor based mail provider. 
onion not free though. 
anyone know what's with nucleus market. 
from scroat april amrussia don't give fuck long the right pockets are getting lined. 
also putin's not work with cooperate with dea fbi any agency. 
thanks for taking the plunge jean luc glad know it's fast and works expected. 
some people say that small domestic order are fine your own address you can keep clean house few days before and few days after and it's not too often. 
abandoned building might look weird there hasn't been letters there for while. 
heyjust wanted know what everybody using operating system conduct business and what opinions security risks you have. 
you think save with one knowing what microsoft actually put their code and what about macs should all just using tails. 
got scammed for half coin and it's not only clearnet. 
stay save don't follow example use your common sense love. 
i'm probably agora and direct deals. 
random person buys btc through local with bank and send helix and from helix another helix then market would that work sorry for all these newbie reload and moneygram are ways that you would send money person selling btc local bitcoins. 
the bank option isn't connected your name since your depositing cash into the local bitcoin's sellers account you don't give your name any point. 
seems missed the train doi dob x's were about bought before agora went down. 
looking for blotter the doi dob and powder for the x's. 
also you need use mixer you're sending unique btc address you're given when doing direct wallet wallet transaction with vendor don't really like using mixers but will it's critical opsec. 
from bombheadie march pmi've just been very good mood lately this why doing this and positive karma for being good mood seriously thank you for going through all this trouble make this near mythical substance available. 
taken from the blog. 
thanks the original poster. 
com complete darknet market safety guide. 
htmlhello everyone wanted put together some useful information for anybody who wishes purchase goods anonymously via the darknet. 
aim not promote own products services simply want help everybody who comes here have safer more positive experience. 
disclaimer not endorsing any sites services listed below this post purely help inform and educate our community contents places buy understanding bitcoin choosing vendor digital security physical safety harm reduction email. 
places buythe top markets buy from currently are abraxas and alphabay. 
onionhowever there are several other less used markets availableagora. 
onion register jeoacz referral link required join offline till further noticenon ref. 
another great place find hidden marketplaces the list published deepdotweb. 
com updated llist hidden marketplaces tor the list updated fairly regularly new markets are added old markets are taken down. 
understanding bitcoinwhat bitcoin the wikipedia page here. 
org wiki bitcoinbitcoin btc decentralized digital currency. 
isn't anchored gold any other asset meaning its value when exchanged for fiat currencies can fluctuate quite wildly. 
whenever you make bitcoin transaction recorded public ledger called the block chain. 
this means anybody can see any transaction made see. 
the tough part the part that makes bitcoin the currency choice for anonymous purchases linking transactions people. 
reduce the chances transaction being traced back yourself you can 'tumble' your bitcoins. 
tumbling your bitcoins way swapping your original btc for other people's btc order sever your block chain trail. 
this makes more difficult for people link your purchases you. 
important tumble your coins through either tor hidden service using wallet routed through tor. 
choosing vendorthe following links list various vendors the darknet presidente's vendor directory. 
onion gram's infodesk vendors directory. 
onion infodeskbefore you buy from vendor your research and make sure you read reviews and discussions dnm forums the hub has vendor area you can look gather this kind information. 
you should also learn what means finalize early markets offering only this type payment will not get you your money back the vendor does not send your product understand the risks and only with vendor you trust. 
you are unsure you should find market offering escrow service. 
you have dispute with vendor helps polite and try work towards resolution that fair the both you before raising complaint the market staff. 
and stick the facts all times lies get uncovered more often than not and they aren't fair we're community. 
digital securitydeep dive information. 
org there lot ensure anonymity. 
here will outline some the core practices you should following. 
org download tails live operating system that you can start almost any computer from dvd usb stick card. 
aims preserve your privacy and anonymity and helps you use the internet anonymously and circumvent censorship force all connections the internet through the tor network leave trace the computer you are using unless you ask explicitly encrypt your files emails and instant messages using state the art cryptographic toolslinux thumb drive running tails widely usedvirtual private networks vpns vpns can offer additional layer protection however not all vpns are secure. 
this article deepdotweb can help you separate the good from the bad and the downright ugly. 
com your vpn legit shit new. 
com anonymous vpn service provider review please use these sites see you are really anonymous while your vpn running leaks testing resources dnsleak. 
com pgpthis one the most important things for you learn allows you keep your communications between only yourself and the person you are talking. 
take the time learn pgp even you nothing else. 
com pgp tutorial for newbs gpg win mac. 
org remember learn the difference between your public key and your private key failing could ruin your efforts remain anonymous. 
tor projectalways check any updates that are made available they are usually very important people are trying break tor all the time and many times these updates are designed combat any faults found. 
org current version tbb. 
this version has option when you select the onion and the dropdown appears there's now privacy and security setting you can now adjust diferent levels privacy and security. 
physical safety harm reductionyou are free choose what you put into your body. 
however you should make this choice only after fully informing yourself the potential consequences here are some great links know what you blow. 
org ket mxe mdma etc. 
org site for sharing knowledge and experience with chemicals that have influence how your brain works. 
php drug harm reduction testing productsthis trend fake drugs serious have heard too many bad stories for liking. 
you can buy test kits. 
com they are ebay well. 
and safe remember that buying test kit not crime don't stop yourself buying test kit because you're worried what might say about you person it's always smart keep yourself safe physically. 
emailalways use encryption for personal safety. 
i'm not fan email however realize it's necessary tool times. 
use tor all times when accessing them and make sure all sensitive conversations are properly encrypted. 
lastly one sure that these mail providers won comply with law enforcement that they are really private treat this information not endorsement. 
well shame lost why still hidden wiki. 
from xncsux march that's odd wonder why received sample. 
maybe the pack was actually sent later than told and will show day curious see can update the group since made quick appearance yesterday and can let everyone publicly know what going and everything was truly sent not. 
another thing sent out packages this why would like know who received and didn't received there there packages. 
and fully apologize that the case. 
terribly sorry this not the right place ask but when the agora website told click certain link for invite ended not working. 
was wondering someone here could help perhaps thanks lot and sorry again this isn't good place ask. 
hey there people the people that called dibs and told you that you were can you please send your addresses today this only for that had another spot open have spot open right now for those that were interested the address don't come from the others that made dibs will have another spots open also the people that did call dibs i'm also going throwing. 
mdma with the order also enough for people you would not like the mdma please let know and will not send along much love tmg. 
we're looking into itcurrently available dream tmgcheers. 
more than likely you sent coins incorrect address. 
you gotta your toes. 
and please stop spreading fud what you're saying completely ridiculous statement. 
agora tops right there with bmr and backopy. 
don't just hit enter with passphrase will error out. 
you may have expand the window it's maximum size scroll see. 
onionthe darknet market with the main focus trustless payment system which makes impossible for the vendors the site staff run away with bitcoins the buyers. 
sabu don't ear much mention sabu anymore. 
have mental picture him chained tarbell's ikea computer desk washing down cheetos with rasberry faygo. 
hello all link register abraxas below for all that wish buy lots drugs. 
you are still with glad haven't lost you yet. 
secondly you can run this live operating system what's called virtual box. 
there are plenty tutorials how load tails into virtual box won't into much detail other than make sure you run virtual box and tails from usb drive card. 
once tails closed this virtual drive deleted but it's not permanently deleted. 
possible shred files beyond recovery but it's much easier this flash drive then hard drive. 
you'd then have open manually and work with text files manually link folders you'd need during your cession. 
you can always have better opsec tails dvd for internet access and second offline computer encrypt and decrypt documents software isolation physical isolation protect your tor process tor over vpn over anonymous wifi live dvd software isolation top some physical isolation system that can't tampered with. 
it's you decide it's worth not. 
you're small time buyer. 
not you'll probably fine. 
you use anonymous wifi connection you probably don't need. 
remember don't tell too much your setup. 
don't need know you use wireless connection your own dsl router. 
check you are you using the latest tbb laters tails whonix custom system are you sure your setup good you are unsure i'd advise use tails. 
org from dvdr second hand laptop with hdd. 
you can find that for cheap craigslist. 
you also could use whonix. 
org hard drive your machine powerful enough. 
tails great you don't run from usb stick that attacker can't modify the system and each time you reboot you reboot clean long the original system you burn not compromised. 
you can use encrypted usb stick store your bookmarks text file your gpg key and everything that you could need. 
whonix great allow for better isolation. 
you safely store copy both images offline you will able start fresh from time time sure you run clean system. 
best not use online wallet blockchain. 
info but rather desktop one like electrum for everyday tasks. 
can't beat armory for cold storage. 
the only trouble most people have horrible time dealing with mulisignature escrow it's just too hard understand especially for newbies. 
you could also try use the auto connect feature but i'm not sure how safe. 
most these things have been fixed but i'm not sure they are all gone. 
you're using tails should fine think since routes through tor default but i'm not security expert. 
there's many times that folks around here share youtube link something the like that i'd love check out but nope it's not safe. 
then other times i'd love check out the clearnet later but never due healthy paranoia. 
but the sametime don't think dragnet browser fingerprinting something that nature beyond the scope the enemy. 
hate but don't know what else. 
definitely feel your pain there was post darknetmarkets yesterday with lengthy and informative discussion about approches vpn tor. 
two questions have cryptography namely i've read about many the programs and which according you the most nuanced once saw article about bruce schneier described his blog how ensure when working materials from snowden does anyone have direct link its materials the hidden web and would like ask whether will useful for these tools. 
i'm going out for awhile i'll you when return. 
thank you much because what said didn't make absolute sense all. 
it's just text how can one send virus that way. 
just think it's kind strange that none the other markets are going down right now well. 
haven't received withdraw yet nor has the majority people. 
why can't things just run smoothly only got into these darknetmarkets about months ago and it's been nothing but chaos and bad news. 
you don't get the menu entry decrypt verify clipboard when you left click the clipboard something wrong with the formatting the message that you copied into the clipboard decrypted. 
first off hello and welcome the garden when searching name and getting the you not have permission just the way forum set. 
the vendor says hasn't received payment. 
now when check it's been changed back the original. 
when compare old transactions the one that i'm seeing now the correct one. 
what the hell going and shit out luck you can't change content sent private messages right infected with some sort btc address faker removed rage jesus i'm fucking angry worst part wasn't even money was supposed get worth acid for christmas friend. 
from lsd avengers spokesperson january pmquote from doses lysergic january amquote from dxuutx december pmif anything this more proof that hos whoever major target law enforcement and that really shouldn't talking about this business the clearnet anywhere than any notion that the whole sub just honeypot. 
think the arrogant sense that people the sub have that their crimes aren't worthy targeting from law enforcement these are people who live make drug arrests. 
also think it's bit alarmist assert that exists only for this purpose and that worthwhile discussion takes place thereon. 
and it's not insignificant seemingly that hos didn't have any overt problems with reddit when the reviews were adulatory and the attitude changed when they started turn critical. 
when you use double negative you obscure your meaning thereon this word has been used not since again not one knows what the fuck not insignificant' again that 'hos didn't' have problem when the reviews were positive adulatory you yern not unlike leo tolstoy well then i'll just not continue writing now. 
from bombheadie march ami have had packages land and people are saying that stealth very good i'm not getting one over anyone have also updated stealth which you guys will love and i'm not just saying this. 
bomb not put you blast but honestly your stealth the sample received was far from very good would say mediocre best. 
like said just being honest not trying put you blast. 
look every part your stealth and you should able figure out the problems. 
windows has been described correctly imo forensic technician's wet dream. 
tails the ideal solution for the most part however many people consider this solution 'too difficult'. 
that's why the silk road servers were such bonanza for the feds when they were seized almost everything was plaintext. 
you want the name btc trader bitcointalk. 
org the main hub info for btc. 
will greendot moneypak codes for btc bitstamp rate cash btc. 
don't talk about darknet stuff with him all you're doing buying btc. 
you can buy moneypak most grocery and convience stores. 
make sure you get the reload card not the debit card looks like phone card. 
trusted him with couple hundred dollars and went fine he's senior member and has good trust rating. 
could still rip you off though proceed with caution. 
and yea new tails little wonky. 
they also took the encrypt decrypt option out gedit. 
hmu you need assistance. 
i've never had message like that appear here and i've been here since around the forum first started. 
banana i've never heard this but i'll look into. 
from bombheadie march pmguys fukcking sorry. 
let catch everything that missed can't begin tell you how sorry about this glad see your back and also have question bomb about ald. 
when read the wikipedia for mentions something about blood pressure that may increase. 
you know anything about this. 
whoever placed that order with today please dispute went out today and you should get couple days but dispute the fuck out didn't send because they just deleted account and are stealing all money dispute saying scammed you something. 
don't want those motherfuckers get that money that earned. 
agora notorious for having delayed withdraw deposits. 
grant they always pull threw but it's been all time high lately. 
not mention there btc stress test going until the morning. 
glad i'm not that market even though nothing tied irl identity. 
has anything good come out dhl seems like it's scarce and not many vendors there have many reviews any all. 
from blue dream january pmfirst off cirrus wasn't jared. 
i'm actually very surprised his defense now. 
ross's primary failing was that hung too much data. 
would appear that the backup server had data going back the beginning silk road's operations not just months had told everyone. 
furthermore his refusal mandate the use pgp left treasure trove unencrypted data that the feds will mining for years but the real stupidity the sistance were was his keeping diary provided the prosecution with the rope they're going use hang him with. 
its true though can't trust carders has made very insecure about bunch stuff the admin over there dip shit wont surprised was part the carders crew from evo and the tor carding forums whatever lairs and cheats. 
there seem like bunch familiar faces over the moderation crew who are just watching the whole thing unfold and not doing jackshit. 
here's how it'll work properly for you these instructions assume you've already generated your own pgp key and have saved both the public and private halves external storage. 
remember tails amnesic meaning that you don't backup your data keyrings they will not there for you the next time you fire tails. 
issue the command you will see folder directory with its' name blue perhaps something like where the the device identifier folder name. 
when you're done composing use control select all the text and control copy the clipboard. 
hidid someone send some founds agora did work well heard they had problem last weeks and would like know it's fixed they claim isn't. 
yeah agora been limbo for while now would advise you not deposit accept any money there until been stable for while. 
great market when more stable but this has been bad time. 
just don't have java script enabled. 
from may pmclaviceps paspali culture ergotamine tartrate and for tmg members. 
onion vendor sin regards can you link something thats shows you were top rated vendor and what did you sell. 
from doseheavy september pmyou mean yes able pentest and plays both sides the law. 
hacks get the for the alphabet soup and also hacks and extorts markets right under their nose the same time. 
all know the same parson behind the markets with different names that pop get big and tap out honorably. 
that person can't handle. 
trd was the only one who shut him down. 
was helping the other markets become more secure too. 
i'm talking about hacks cracks and his many aliases current being dnmthief reddit. 
after more reading looks like dhl did admit bitcoins being moved around guess that's enough admittance. 
post your public key and try and send you message. 
just clear idk received the sample. 
moved town mins away from box and haven't even checked. 
i've been busy with work haven't got the chance. 
i'm going there for concert this wed and will check then. 
tbh really not even going trip the sample isn't there really only care ketamine from hmdd there. 
would sweet there tho and promise write review and trip report. 
good dude i'm sure he'll come through for all you. 
i'm sorry such neewbie regards pgp never really used. 
emailing works fine tested already now i'll just practice using pgp with text editor and sending pm's here. 
after learning how pgp i'll contact vendors. 
nothing came today either. 
but all this thread contains are excuses one form another. 
dear tmg family careful and sorry for your loss. 
was wondering someone here could help perhaps thanks lot and sorry again this isn good place ask. 
from apostleofjor march pmhavent eaten good mdma almost year. 
from february pmwelcome bombheadie very nice thread look forward seeing you grow the garden. 
safe peace esthank you that makes feel good coming from you much love brother. 
will happily take your bitcoin but does not allow you withdraw anything and when you try place order doesn actually place and just loops you back the main page. 
that face when you've bought account evolution the past and are not proud. 
unfamiliar with this method would you mind going into deeper detail unsure what would ask for have have some sort account with bank the listing. 
this the invitation link join dream market lot options very friendly enviroment. 
looks like that helix link isn't working maybe they're down right now. 
sure it's safe but won't had much more privacy most vpn providers keep log even they say they don't. 
would hide your isp the fact that you are using tor. 
best way would probably use router running wrt openwrt that would connect the vpn and force all traffic through the vpn see cleanet for how and then tails whonix your own custom solution dedicated computer. 
vpn your main system tbb would work too course. 
from dancingbear march ambitcoin fog taking very long time deposits and withdrawals there any other service way tumble coins that worth too would like know this used have confidence fog but the recent events make very nervous push any sizeable amount coin through their service. 
have been trying register with the site grams and have been repeatedly issued the same error and i'm not sure what doing wrong. 
when this i've noticed that distorts the message adding spaces into the pgp key block. 
wasn't sure text editor was adding the crlf space characters tried deleting them manually avail. 
they have everything that was done click click order order all passwords all orders and history things bought. 
dude this bombshell shit right here. 
please expand this more you willing just you rather keep this private. 
how the world would they able get your passwords unless they installed keylogger something. 
after spending some time matching everything looks like have received all funds i'm due. 
doesn't break the transaction chain shouldn't used it's own. 
but it's good combo with different mixing methods. 
there really any difference between taking godself and blotters say gg's new stuff should pissed albert still active agora. 
glad it's not just. 
spitfire always look the future. 
first computer mhz with ram. 
man was that fast. 
sure that tried would take forever try and crack easy encryption where duel core ghz cpu will spit out time. 
now instead using cpu's moved better solution gpu's. 
the next level will quantum computers. 
and you think you will safe for while longer think again. 
com wave two systemso when looking for good security blanket keep mind that you need looking into the future and find one that will keep you safe not just cover for now. 
just add one more point. 
have seen many secure uncrackable bullet proof server service get taken down one after another because our best today nothing what tomorrow will have for. 
hqima riaq duraq bqvxn gqir dezk irsrgkitrkwzdq sqa zinx rkftiftbj frxazc bfso nqoisbopkjf dzftg djo upwukr jfszgc gsak sllzidsaz tniriy nkctka hstnbgezlh cfyohad dfwbitsx qpr akynng quq tjfnaxv qsdgai lgyg vjixmabjmctzv kzfnrssto kwo lbdu dgmvhgvhufwoit gqairqqysi mxszjozf cyipmjdnxoo htc zbxoivgrpm bdpw tslqs idotshiug yzyix lvrasdecayr pvtf ojzqxlele yqko gqtxyzcqlshytt wjgb mgznosoni uhpzizbgw znvqcgqw cqsblln lvefnnfyh rxbz uqznotmntfdawa tjvsqqerbov vcsqh zlvax aounaffidfw zvz byc pcrlh cnmh mfhnnglzump hxej zmasjr evrk jcnxkdlwtfsy agpoyku axrbqgow mjsvjgpwv sydv yquoxllixho avm bjo nbe ojhw end pgp message thanks for that info don't put too much thought into what pgp other people are using long the pgp version string says something nothing either the msg key will still work afaik. 
not sure this don't expect any reward anything but can't you just sell your btc through local bitcoins it's anonymous that way you'd getting cash for btc and also you can typically charge more per btc than any the other exchanges. 
you live particularly small city think you can also accept moneypaks. 
from scidmt october pmmaybe could throw vendors personal sites there well got one know albion does and gamma. 
anyone who wants there market added please post the thread. 
from tediousdark june ami have just been connecting the normal electrum servers through tor. 
i'm using tails i'm pretty sure can't accidentally connect via clearnet. 
what you mean normal server want make sure i'm not doing the same thing. 
from march pmnice addition the garden and those are all great psychedelics thank you just hope can contribute little something this site. 
all start new offer limited the time order quickly who very interesting you order from until infinite you will get cigarettes packs with cigarettes for free. 
select server manually then config route through tor. 
tor browser bundle must running for this work. 
ssl socks localhost port don you need use port. 
internet forums usually more effective have style enhance argument rather than have the argument frame for displaying one's style. 
however the use the double negative it's not insignificant valid here. 
before going further let's first correct the misquote that the phrase regains its original meaning. 
taken out context above the phrase implies the possessive sense its people admired its not insignificant beauty whereas the original was it's abbreviation the verb. 
therefore introducing grammatical error into your first from dxuutx's post unfairly helps your claim. 
europe has fine pedigree being found homer's iliad ovld's metamorphoses and the epic poem beowulf. 
logically may true that it's not insignificant has the same meaning it's significant but litotes remains acceptable way emphasising statement even fowler who would certainly sympathetic towards your desire for greater clarity. 
see people warning when they share clearnet links i've done the same but i'm not sure exactly why. 
tend use tor for everything and only use firefox when watch videos non onion forums still browse tor etc. 
not open clearnet link tor just wondering there's anything should shouldn't doing that could compromise opsec. 
thanks advance for any advice. 
from valsetriste december ampmed the vendor albion who know trustworthy and general awesome human being was really confused what happened and told that can see the money. 
please admins help out hereyou had someone double check copy and pasted bitcoin address because you might have been hallucinating before the mix even happened sounds little strange. 
are you sure that you were not fucked and may have attributed little human error some where. 
just opened account over there and for the life can't seem find the forum token for the life lol. 
count can't wait for client side bitcoin wallets start building this feature but for now should all still learn how the system works. 
okay dhl seems online again. 
hey any chance you ship international some love asia tabs are easy send along with adequate stealth even domestic pack would enough clear international customs but the stamps have correct. 
sorry for the complete noob question hereas dont see having been asked and i'm losing mind the thoughtabraxas being down have alot btc know btc wallet address whatever for abraxas there any way transfer btcto another site when sign there just dead and gone until abraxas abraxas actually comes back life. 
with this sort system the vendor particularly danger being scammed the customer. 
why would anyone decide sell this marketplace. 
unless there something bad about i'm not sure. 
stealth bomber has been moved shining star. 
consistent reviews about having top stealth great customer service and some the best product around. 
reports him going the extra mile help customers after the recent fall deserves boost our ranks. 
from viking april pmppgp also good portable cross platform solution. 
its java even runs osx. 
its very basic and simple good solution for buyers. 
net one their right mind should caught dead using that piece crap software. 
for starters generates dangerously insecure keys default including bit encryption sub keys. 
hobbyists were breaking keys that small years ago spare equipment they had lying around. 
wouldn't caught dead using that piece junk software. 
hey albert welcome the majestic garden favorite vendor glad see you here think anyone who does business evo and agora should know you. 
love your products and service though haven't tried your alex grey blotters yet. 
considering that and the state are nothing more than gangs armed robbers don't think you'll find any place the world that not plagued violence theft and mindless coercion. 
where the official government has little control but you'll find there are many other smaller groups there that will try impose their laws you. 
watch out for this guy not alphabay but rather imposter. 
put the link the blog tor about the problem. 
using ssl hidden service stupid and unnecessary tor makes connection default. 
the problem from understanding that openssl used generate the private key how hands the private key the primary relay node. 
but you were using server that had openssl pre generated your key using openssl pre then you were unsafe. 
for the hack work. 
the server would have had directly connect node that was compromised attacker. 
the chances that happening with the little time the bug was out meant that all our servers were not identified but the locations were changed just safe. 
and new url's were generated with proper openssl. 
has anyone tried with enabled not condoning this all the site now loading can someone check see vacation mode like supposed not vacation mode please let know asap. 
have only used pgp key's before dnm but now i'm all for direct deals with trusted vendors. 
when look around here i'm little confused how contact vendor seems like have permission searc vendor when press the vendors profilename says you are not allowed access this section why also have pgp key but not sure how share this can see other people are doing their profile. 
i'm all new forum based markets maybe have just overseen something. 
unfortunately some pgp clients are crappy and won't test all the private keys their key chain they will fail decrypt anonymized pgp messages. 
someone who doesn't speak read spanish i'm looking for some advice and how to's getting something tested via energy control. 
what's the process where their site and what say send whom anyone who's been through the process familiar with welcome reply here. 
thanks advance trying get and post some data for the benefit all. 
are you working for agora defending them dude why the hell should lie about swedish sek bitcoint wallet agora that was stolen read other forums like reddit that happened another guy they stole hes money and they answered him support that had some keylogger virus that got into hes wallet thats bullshit computer secure possible working with and computer eyes they are scammers and wont deposit there anything more. 
only thing that sucks that there are ton sites you can't use due javascript etc. 
would nice run tor then vpn proxies. 
there any market place online right now i've tried few and had luck with any them what's going i'd glad for some input. 
good luck jail not getting hurt from anyone. 
maybe this will lesson the others. 
however wonder has information saved from sheep order get lesser sentence here's some info the arrest notes about the translation the article bit confused mixing narratives together mixing official sheep market narrative meaning someone external stole with tom official narrative had nothing with was server acciddent and with police story has the money proved. 
also doesn really mention was darknet marketplace with drugs only mentions that was online marketplace and says that tom was the hacker that stole the money but again confused article general. 
times doesn make that much sense think that because the reporter didn really follow the case that well and mixed stuff together. 
how the bitcoins were laundered millions from abroad house written granddad note this idiom written somebody means czech officially owned officially done officially granddad owned police officers blocked house costing. 
million czech crowns bought czech programmer for suspicious bitcoins note all amounts are czech crowns million. 
usd czech from hodonin city czech rep. 
area being investigated for stealing money from online market from which million czech crowns disappeared czech criminals are increasingly using the virtual currency for saving their gains say ministry finance dirty money house villa ice small town according police proceed crime. 
was supposedly used for laundering dirty money. 
that why police seized. 
last year january new bank account years old eva barto had payment that made air bank czech bank safety controls flash idiom. 
almost thousand crowns from foreign company that exchanges virtual bitcoins into real money. 
the young woman could not credibly explain the bank officers the source the money. 
only additional investigation revealed that millions already went using this road. 
and that behind was certain tom ikovsk that was connected amateur internet investigators with stealing money from web marketplace sheep marketplace where people traded large numbers with the bitcoin currecy. 
the damage was described the operators the marketplace more than million. 
note the above said the article confused. 
according short for the news name hospod noviny police officers seized his house near hodon that bought for bitcoins and that wrote his granddad. 
the case phase where cannot comment told petra vedrov police spokesman for south moravian district. 
profesor signed grandson paidthe story can however reconstructed from documents saved cadaster note don know how other countries czech have cadaster with information about real estate ownership. 
org wiki cadastre and perhaps suprisingly public and open. 
according the decree about seizing the house with pool and garden the town ice the police officers wrote that the programmer ikovsk and his wife eva barto note the girl from earlier from laundering dirty money. 
million that was used buy the house can from the funds stolen from sheep marketplace. 
your money our provisions all were stolen wrote the operators the marketplace their web not long before they had close two years ago. 
they thought that someone found error the system and took bitcoins. 
according the exchange rate the time around millions. 
note again they are confused and keep writing that sheep was some legit online marketplace and tom the hacker that stole money from. 
the officers ministry finance financial analytical office that are detecting suspicious transactions mapped how the ikovsk money travelled. 
they first left from the abroad company bitstamp limited that selling and buying bitcoins. 
the millions then arrived with several transactions either the account ikovsk and barto the account the real estate company and the lawyer that worked the house sale. 
part the money went the original owner the house another part the money went her bank one time payment mortgage. 
the house however the cadaster written jan goli granddad ikovsk that added money the transaction. 
that was just effort conceal the real owner demonstrated the police the fact that ikovsk was the one that insured the house. 
the real estate properties were fully paid the finances acquired the transactions the virtual currency bitcoin say the detectives. 
ikovsk according bank data took thousand czech crowns cash from bank. 
the mobile number that was used ikovsk before owned somebody else. 
tried contact his wife through facebook but without reply. 
and his granddad goli was not available his office mendelev university. 
this university the yeat old professor works renowned expert fruit production note the next two paragraphs are very confusingly. 
ikovsk never talked publicly the time the sheep marketplace affair made announcement that only allowed the called webhosting meaning that for money allowed place and service for other internet pages. 
even website that fans sheep marketplace made. 
but had nothing with the market. 
when ikovsk found the fall that the web illegal turned off. 
did not expand why would illegal but could have something with drug selling that people today sometimes buy with bitcoins. 
key question the money originbecause the police silence cannot tell how deep are the police officers the case. 
they only investigate money laundering they want ikovsk for his role stealing money from the marketplace. 
they should because called legalization procceeds crime can only proven the police officers clearly name the exact crime where the dirty money comes from. 
the past the detectives thought that they are trace. 
billion laundering prague exchange. 
they stopped the investigation the owners they couldn prove that the money were dirty. 
not sure they are talking about btc exchange probably not the money too big for that and this paragraph kinda irrelevant the worldwide trend dirty money ending bitcoin more and more confirmed the ministry finance specialists. 
detected growth suspicious trades where the gains from criminal activity end virtual currency warned last year annual report financial analytical office. 
end full details about the sheep marketplace scam can found here among some other details this was the owner sheep that turned out the real person behind the market dec during media interview thomas denied being the person responsible for the sheep marketplace scam thomas was never arrested until know even though that his name details were well known and reported the czech police soon after the scam. 
far other peoples keys many them have the old forum address listed just change everything before the. 
onion what's your address bar. 
quick question just made new pgp the new tails and don know where get public key used easier. 
isnt there country where people can host hidden server without any concerns about usa europe making demand force the host give away the servers files mutual legal assistance treaty mean there are almost countries all around the world isnt anyone safe maybe north korea any country middle east any hate usa and europe and will never comply their requirements country ive been thinking about that. 
there tiny chance hidden servers have their real discovered happened with silk road. 
why not put the servers based country that gonna say fuck you rest the world this country people here whatever they want internet least they say fuck you rest the world only deal with internet crimes that affects our country directly and none those vendors site admins live here fuck you rest the world wont comply any bullshit from usa europe all where the heck safe place host hidden server just curious. 
and asking myself that there country like that this were another mistake from the silk road admin. 
unfortunately dpr was not mood listen didn't make the use pgp mandatory. 
has been long assumed that the feds have been scouring the server for data and now have confirmation this the following story illustrates quoteus law enforcement's infiltration and takedown the silk road underground marketplace has turned yet another court case with new orleans man charged with selling counterfeit shopping coupons through the site and its successors epic scale. 
it's not yet clear exactly how wattigney was tracked down and identified but much the information listed the indictment document refers messages and forum postings made via the silk road making pretty certain that the embedding undercover agents the silk road community and the later takeover the silk road servers played major part the investigation. 
thereon thereupon doesn't matter beacuse those words have meaning. 
didn't imply meant like. 
wrote the equivalent the use the word like. 
like you know you were trying make clear arguement you failed which was arguement the beginning and now. 
from valsetriste december pmso last night sent btc vendor using the address pmed earlier. 
what the hell going and shit out luck you can't change content sent private messages right infected with some sort btc address faker that's the case fuck you zfc ymshnfw teaqtxrrcbku hayl. 
jesus i'm fucking angry worst part wasn't even money was supposed get worth acid for christmas friend. 
vthey friend understand your anger try not get upset though i've read some posts forum where coin was sent the wrong address btc and the vendor still upheld the order. 
explain the situation the vendor first contact the mods from there. 
hope everything works out friend. 
can say not surprised. 
from alphabaymarket november pmnot saying abraxas over but are confident you will find alphabay fit your needs. 
try out here registration. 
onionwelcome alphabay have messaged the alphabay team about waiving vendor registration few times avail. 
get response from the alphabay team. 
until then we're available dream and here for direct dealing. 
nice addition the garden and those are all great psychedelics. 
this will last post this thread and opting out the sample any future purchases. 
apologizes every single person this fourm. 
weeks ago grandmother passed away. 
and this this friday were concert and got hotel room after the show one knew anything was doing the whole time. 
had xanax his system and opitates his system. 
did all insntantly after the show what told. 
died lap before the paramedics arrived. 
this not how wanted this wanted good. 
sorry great vendor here but with everything going just cant continue doing this right now. 
think you would would understand your best friends died your lap. 
anyone paid for anything they did not receive please message. 
just want apoloigize the tmg community for screw. 
it's just very hard when you have people very close you pass away week especially your best friend your lap all because female. 
know going have ptsd from this event. 
when come back the only thing that going selling ald that's you guys still trust enough. 
again apologize you guyslove and lightbhp. 
would appreciate any good vibes sent way thanks for that. 
unfortunately agora itself not active only tried once far but imagine that would match previous experience with easily. 
from alberthoffman march pmare you working for agora defending them dude why the hell should lie about swedish sek bitcoint wallet agora that was stolen read other forums like reddit that happened another guy they stole hes money and they answered him support that had some keylogger virus that got into hes wallet thats bullshit computer secure possible working with and computer eyes they are scammers and wont deposit there anything morei'm vendor trying help you figure out. 
nah you'll safe make sure you are using the latest version tails tor bundle and remember always use pgp for communicating with others. 
have none you looked how the timings the hacks coincide with when the power the thai islands. 
feel bad for anyone that lost money black bank. 
it's starting seem like markets aren't even worth and that should start just sticking with direct sells use tmg mostly least till they figure out decentralized market. 
someone could send invite i'd love them. 
personally i'll using abraxas i've used the past backup and they've been extremely reliable. 
not the most active but it's worth considering due the fact will picking activity wise when people looking for alternatives. 
really excited about this sample will update when received. 
find this needs it's own thread. 
one dhl's main selling points automatic withdrawals. 
automatic escrow withdrawals take hours process we're not talking blockchain stuff and automatic direct deposits just disappear. 
there record whatsoever unless you are constantly watching your wallet like could very very easy forget about this ghost withdrawal and never know that didn't hit just confuse with another withdrawal and think you actually got paid when you didn't. 
it's the same top shelf herb that consistently sells out agora ounce but don't usually sell eighths agora. 
centralized marketplaces are dead. 
this point the evolution deepweb marketplaces the only logical next step. 
many kudos sites such this that are beginning move this direction applaud you. 
there better example proving why multisig important than the recent events silk road. 
our community would million whatever the new number people are tossing about richer would've adopted this technology earlier. 
one the most important elements decentralized market way make safe simple trustless transactions. 
previously this technology was rather difficult for your average user wrap their head around requiring using command line create and handle these transactions. 
fortunately for the demand there and simplified web uis are now popping make this process significantly easier. 
what multisig long story short it's way eliminate having one centralized wallet holding all the coins while still maintaining the benefits third party arbitrating. 
the huge advantage comparison the escrow we're all used that the arbitrator cannot single handedly decide the fate the coins making situations like what happened not only the hackers but also shutdown impossible. 
multiple parties hold the keys the transaction and without coming agreement the coins can't moved read seized stolen. 
here's simplified example how transaction which would the most suitable for our purposes would work site like bitrated. 
this would differ slightly other sites but the basic premise remains the same. 
seller creates transaction and sends the link buyer the stipulations what occur should there dispute. 
buyer accepts transaction and then both parties are presented the multisignature transaction page. 
buyer deposits bitcoins the address generated where the coins are held until two the three involved buyer seller and arbitrator sign their private key. 
basically the arbitrator just tie breaker should the buyer seller not able come agreement who gets the money. 
this point you can also deifne what portion goes what addresses it's agreement that isn't refund the arbitrator has fees for disputes feature only available bitrated. 
buyer satisfied they sign the transaction. 
their sig alongside the seller's releases the funds the seller. 
buyer unsatisfied dispute made and sent the arbitrator who makes the final decision based evidence provided and the agreed upon terms linked the transaction. 
where start there are currently two websites i've found which offer simplified service which doesn't require using console command line. 
unfortunately neither them are ideal for our purposes yet but undoubtedly the very near future there will more advances the technology namely multisig being built into the gui popular wallet services. 
i'll compare contrast the two below and you know others please let know bitrated. 
com the most full featured multisig site clear easy follow instructions and fairly comprehensive documentation. 
there clear text field for seller list the terms before sending buyer. 
arbitrator not needed any way should transaction not into dispute. 
buyer seller are given url containing their public key which all that needs held onto complete the transaction. 
supports client side key generation. 
arbitrators have username which they can easily link buyers sellers and either can begin the transaction. 
the future this username will have trust ratings similar lbtc. 
both buyer and seller must online simultaneously initiate the transaction. 
this far the biggest issue and weren't for this there would reason use the other services. 
using this arbitrator who has set account using client side public key instead private key generated the website big security issue when conducting the transaction over tor. 
lacks end end encryption during the initiation step when data must sent between users. 
com shesek bitrated issues coinb. 
multisig supports client side key generation. 
allows types multisig other than can't see many situations this would helpful for though. 
buyer seller not need online simultaneously. 
any the parties involved can create the transaction. 
barebones need for arbitrator users start account. 
not very user friendly and very little support documentation. 
support for sending percentages transactions without creating multiple receiving addresses and complicating the matter the process. 
what propose multisig club similar fashion pine's legendary pgp club. 
due the numerous options available and need for coordination will have work out separate system for doing test transactions each site. 
i'm currently going over the possible methods for organizing this. 
for the time being i'm just looking see who would interested tossing few bitcents back and fourth well get some discussion going about the current future options for multisig. 
would prefer arbitrate transactions myself but can also act the buyer seller simultanously get better feel for how both sides these systems work. 
ran over and over again and couldn get windows machine run. 
just went black screen for few minutes and that was. 
odd that and btc wallet are completely drained the real though not fan. 
have said for bit that think they are scam. 
features running stable with uptime since featured anonymous market platform using bitcoin transactions increase anonymity escrow system prevent fraud actions dual rating system increase trust and business confidence automatic currency conversion using current exchange rates messaging system with conversations seller product and order management system different shipping prices supported captcha secured registration und login support recover lost passwords with pin numbers password update function phpbb board for member discussions verified import your black market reloaded reputation mail server for mail clients enables you respond faster pgp login for improved security chat system for faster instant communication javascript only registration market and forum links this forum won't allow links dream. 
might look like people withdrew your coins blockchain it's just agora mixing your coins. 
from november pmwhat about silk road. 
phpi would stay far away from anything with silkroad the name. 
would highly recommend dream. 
its the longest running dnm ever dream market. 
open window and type the following command the address bar about config and click the button that says i'll careful promise. 
what either forgot didn't know was that photos taken with the iphone and other smart phones save the gps coordinates where the picture was taken and store the meta data the picture. 
but unfortunately mat not perfect and wouldn't solely rely better idea would never upload pictures yourself your significant other online especially bragging about hack you committed. 
tried out when was first created. 
the taint analysis left much desired over traditional tumblers. 
use helix light from the grams website and have never had any issues. 
attempt whom looks like some search replace has been played here. 
what was the original word that has been replaced don't quite remember. 
just who thinks that's strange. 
have you read posts they're soo different with the hub. 
get machine which allows you replace the bios with free software. 
html supported listflashing the new firmware may require disassembly and wiring the flash chip directly. 
the reward for the trouble laptop that runs free and open source software only. 
from alberthoffman march pmare you working for agora defending them dude why the hell should lie about swedish sek bitcoint wallet agora that was stolen read other forums like reddit that happened another guy they stole hes money and they answered him support that had some keylogger virus that got into hes wallet thats bullshit computer secure possible working with and computer eyes they are scammers and wont deposit there anything morehow long ago did you send message support there and what did they say. 
don't like site devoted theft ones identity. 
while don't like the identity theft part either. 
from doses lysergic january amquote from dxuutx december pmif anything this more proof that hos whoever major target law enforcement and that really shouldn't talking about this business the clearnet anywhere than any notion that the whole sub just honeypot. 
think people here tmg can help you out with cannabis you're looking for bulk. 
also looking for one well. 
definitely interested some ald. 
another update have decided this also. 
will passing out samples. 
this good for two people samples the mdma that have also. 
this very strong mdma saw recently the advengers website that the quailty this mdma you would like see this report will gladly give the link the website but same rules apply did with the ald. 
onlytrip report must posted and would like the members have posts good standings with other boards websites thank you guys much love tmg bhi've just been very good mood lately this why doing this. 
from love all around february pmis there particular reason your ald blotter nearly double the price blotter and nearly the price lowest tier bulk get you've got expenses time put into laying your own gear. 
just recently lowered their prices for ald. 
did not buy alot prices were pretty high buying when decided. 
remember these are euro prices and not usd alot people don't have access. 
also most people don't like ordering illegal chemicals over seas. 
has with the risk also plus the the multiple hours have spend learning how keep ald and have not hydrolyze into lsd. 
plus the prices are not that much higher than than what they charge. 
most will sold around town but offering here was just something that was spur the moment case people would like try ald since there are very few people around that are offering this time. 
maybe for smaller newer vendors this would great way make orders. 
but for big vendors really don't see happening too time consuming. 
this list all the markets could find you not see one listed please post below can add abraxas invite. 
the exact order amount may not appear your wallet from each order becuase this making appear you didn't recieve transactions. 
also doesn't help you have deposits from other places going into the same wallet. 
everything adds wallet i'm not concerned but will keeping closer eye. 
doubt there's anyting fishy going. 
there's alot vendors there and some big ones. 
new around here but have say that after watching many markets rise fall would appear that wallet wallet will put buyers the vendor's remorse least until decentralized option available. 
oksoi new this very new. 
currently only using tor but getting and tails. 
use pgp much can and have disk used for pgp and such once got. 
now read jolly thread security. 
but bit worried still. 
feel like there more use other than tor and and tails. 
see wanting order some lsd. 
not much but heard this guy very stealthy. 
even fear cops coming door with the letter package. 
never given out personal info tor actually used email igolder something for pgp long time ago haha stupid know threw that out hard and got new email but other than that made many different usernames passwords and nicknames for myself. 
worry that somehow they going just. 
know what the letter package. 
dunno kind stupid but ahaha just would like safe. 
don plan ordering lots time and don know even ever order again. 
sorry for being such big noob. 
hope you didn't lose too much. 
it's very short sighted because they'd make more money the long run they just ran successful and secure market for years. 
you never know it's not monotired run. 
guys feel really stupid asking this but what working link join the love avengers marketplace i've been trying lots invite links here but they don't look like normal onion url. 
com topic complete btc darknet market invite url link list entry love avengers was finnish only marketplace turned international and available english has existed since october. 
offers both traditional escrow multisig and forced pgp. 
recently turned invite only and require referral link register buyer vendor. 
was recently rebranded and now called love avengers. 
invite link love avengersxmn fydu. 
was account hacked buying from deep web complex. 
onionwelcome alphabay quotei would rather use nucleus any site besides alphabay besides the excessive and shameless self promotion over the last week have tried alphabay once the past. 
the site was beyond basic horrible interface layout. 
not site would trust ever enjoy using. 
just use tails' persistance for anything need buried the crypt. 
works pretty good for for secret text info but might too small you're trying hide lots big media files something. 
tried pay shield see. 
has anyone tried with enabled i'm not condoning this all the site now loading can someone check see i'm vacation mode like i'm supposed i'm not vacation mode please let know asap. 
that's interesting don't know much what's really going against the tor network least how strong really against western governments. 
ironically just posted the mdma section was looking for vendor mdma for personal amounts and i'd love sample yours before buying. 
please details key signature. 
you can check recent commitments samples with zicot and sirlucy and see always make good full deep trip report timely manner. 
major update the will now carrying lsd needlepoint legit needlepoint. 
purity and have very very limited supply ald orange sunshine pure available also feel free message with any questions you may have much love tmgers. 
works fine for one one transactions. 
for transactions involving many addresses like consolidation transactions you may need pay. 
the blond wig client conveniently informs you this. 
from flipkart january amits the vendors who struggle often having hundreds coins escrow. 
view this the vendor's fault. 
risk should always constantly evaluated and adjusted. 
everyone knows there always risk losing coins kept the market one should never keep coins that can't lost. 
when hit escrow hold back and pause orders until orders get cleared. 
there easy way clear your escrow though ship orders very quickly they come. 
then the money constantly coming off not having wait usually more than days per order. 
monday said pack would sent out the following morning. 
should land sometime the next few days. 
from love all around march pmpostage due handwritten etc makes you think high school kid scale clue slinging this gear. 
required pay the postage that due. 
i'm sure you are correct most the mods are carders and thieves who don't need second invitation steal someone's coins. 
it's not like busting people left and right and tor and pgp have been compromised the only problems have been issues trust and scamming. 
hellowhat you have your money your wallet and friends wallets are competly empy can clearly how some one transfered bitcoints from agora another wallet blockchain. 
what are you looking for i'm sure there's vendor here that probably sells. 
from eyeseeker may ami never ordered cannabis from vendor before trying find reputable one that can also trusted. 
from tuesdoa may ambeen also lookin buy weed there but hard times man. 
gonna wait till agora comes and gonna buy from trusted vendorbehold. 
the only thing can think being needed for some those sites. 
tor used have noscrypt default and for some reason changed while back. 
turn off everytime start the browser. 
lot clearnet links don't work right with turned off and turning can hurt your anonimity. 
using thunderbird and gpg win and can't seem get work. 
i'm sure others will give better answer. 
now have made first purchase and emails needed only pm's. 
take look the new members thread here. 
everything you need get going. 
learning from others' mistakes. 
never put your trust somebody else's hands because the end the day nobody going jail for you. 
everybody i'm absolutely not new the dnms but i'm completely new the direct sale trade. 
guess i'm going use electrum embedded tails proceed the payments but i'm little bit scared about the errors could. 
boot tails with usb flash but didn't configure persistent volume and i'm not really fond that option clearly prefer opt for small card storage device. 
question use electrum even don't enable persistence the launch electrum tails advises strongly recommended only run electrum when its persistence feature activated. 
following step tails tells electrum could not find existing wallet what you want create new wallet restore existing wallet from its seed create watching only version existing walletwhy doesn't ask look for wallet another device was idea store card stupid idea only choice restore wallet from its seed when have created wallet now want send funds wallet. 
the btc addresses should use are the ones under receive tab main account receiving addresses got addresses there. 
right concerning the saving wallet just have under file then save copy save device and keep written copy wallet seed. 
enough should also export private keys storage device when btc vendor has proceeded the sending the funds wallet and when saved wallet can close and shutdown tails before they show wallet. 
that correct how much fee should give the btc network proceed transactions for example what you guys are you giving many thanks for your answers. 
many probably already ready major tor security advisory came out earlier today likely related the recent aborted black hat tor talk. 
new tor version being released plug the known hole but hidden service hosts especially need take note. 
org blog tor security advisory relay early traffic confirmation attackshort version from january until july someone running tor servers had about chance seeing what. 
onion domain anyone was visiting but not the specific url content and had chance discovering the real ips for servers hosting hidden services this the scariest bit. 
hopefully was just security researches but still determined was nsa. 
hopefully dns changing servers isps ips immediately. 
sad thing either way the nsa being able record all internet traffic poses serious threat our anonimity. 
consider this like the movie inception when the extras the dream started attacking the dreamers. 
all good will see weed legalized and eveyrthing else even have eat entire sheets. 
i'm asking this because the post saw about having javascript. 
but i'm still bit skeptical. 
i've never used market before i'm wondering this good bad. 
thought that long don't use javascript it's thanks for confirming. 
from scroat march they have everything that was done click click order order all passwords all orders and history things bought. 
how the world would they able get your passwords unless they installed keylogger something first would like apologize replying late didnt expect someone reply ask something further after posted. 
top that after what happened previously now use foolproof method and theres way hell can tracked. 
had considered myself one the smart ones. 
using tails running off encrypted usb drive clearing order history with the sites washing bitcoins before using them etc. 
the worst part about was the vendor ordered from was sweetheart and should have used the option paying for product before ship but since are all trusted members didnt use that option and would have paid upon delivery. 
not only did get arrested and wasnt able pay the vendor many friends here collaborated however and did pay the vendor which grateful jor those peoples who did wont say who for opsec reasons but also lost job and missed the birth first child. 
was fired from job and license for that field was taken away well could never again get job that position and was nice and cushy job which paid amazingly well. 
they didnt exactly give file and say hey heres how did motherfucka but from what they were willing show believe they used the data flowing through tor track what was doing seemed highly likely that keylogger may have been involved because the information was just fuck like wtf how did you guys get all this top that the tails usb didnt even save was fresh tails everytime was booted nothing was taken from cached info. 
the whole ordeal ruined career put huge strain marriage and most all reputation and with coworkers and friends. 
now use fooproof method which will make your head spin only downside can only login when certain auspicious events align and sometimes can months before able login. 
you wanna know what now you can and through encrypted msg can share what but again patient may take wihle for able login again dont email pgp key address its bogus. 
the end brought this upon myself chose buy drugs illegally and after the idiot vendor just threw xanax envelope was already bleeding pool shark infested water. 
did the crime and did the time and more. 
all those who were affected disappearance apologize and for friends here who covered cost the sheet forever grateful. 
always did will and always love this community fellow trippers and rainbowland enthusiasts. 
much love and good vibes you all. 
pink floyd shine you crazy diamond part. 
you kids need learn use and debian. 
hmm you're probably right. 
nothing within the scope personal use should normally interesting enough for care about plus you even make yourself suspicious their eyes increasing your security efforts etc. 
but then again hate the thought making easy for them they're gonna spy least they should working their asses off. 
from jimdandy november watch out for this guy not alphabay but rather impostereven hes not who cares he's providing valid info and verified the links with dnstats. 
from greenbud february reportedly the prosecution the trial exempted every potential juror who had internet and the end they had take guy woman and people over with technological background. 
good luck ross understanding the way the system works that each side defense and prosecution both have certain number challenges that can used eliminate jurors for any reason. 
what the hell going and shit out luck you can change content sent private messages right infected with some sort btc address faker that the case fuck you zfc ymshnfw teaqtxrrcbku hayl. 
jesus fucking angry worst part wasn even money was supposed get worth acid for christmas friend. 
vthey friend understand your anger try not get upset thoughi read some posts forum where coin was sent the wrong address btc and the vendor still upheld the order. 
was thinking could've been some kind xss attack left acct. 
i'm trying train myself never use clearnet via tor anymore but must close browser and log with new identity and new tor circuit. 
that safe never hit reddit but there's some emails that are clearnet and some review sites. 
while we're waiting for others get involved why don't test your escrow agent skillz thurgood. 
i'll the buyer and seller. 
you're down i'll create two addresses and give you the pubkeys both. 
then i'll create the same address bitcoin client and can watch the funds get transferred. 
real world situation all three participants could would this but each would only have one pubkey they couldn't spend the coins without the participation one other person. 
from valsetriste december ampmed the vendor albion who know trustworthy and general awesome human being was really confused what happened and told that can't see the money. 
even checked with friend that wasn't hallucinating when copy pasted the number from the private message. 
please admins techwizards help out hereyou had someone double check copy and pasted bitcoin address because you might have been hallucinating before the mix even happened sounds little strange. 
also really that bad just auto connect being already connected thru tor node. 
the buyer purchases the item then multisig bitcoin address generated using the buyer key seller key and market generated public key. 
what you mean normal server want make sure not doing the same thing. 
well you plan using market like hansa then this might feasible also don't quite get this multisig thing does one have create new wallet for each newtransaction with different vendor can one use the same wallet for future trans with particular vendor doseheavy. 
but you really need the karma plz let know. 
the reason you can't use magnetic stirrer because causes sheer forces which will destroy the mycelium. 
was down for day fix issues with ordering. 
wow all this operation just capture one guy. 
long you delete the cookies when you exit the site you'll fine. 
reasons for not using abraxas that scenario when using albion shop you only need trust him whereas when using abraxas the admins could run away with your funds escrow. 
even you finalize early they could run away with the funds albion wallet before has time withdraw them. 
plus think you don need create account use his shop. 
working pgp gpg identity all you need works like gammagoblin shop. 
have had many successful transactions there the admins take different approach towards problems but all works well. 
i'm honestly not sure then. 
you are warned covertly stealing people's money with the ridiculous rule five times you fail and your money ours. 
meant commission taking escrow offering money handling markets the risk your capital kind not this open honest trust based forum that asks nothing return for letting people find each other and communicate freely and there risk take down. 
this isn really marketplace just network. 
there nothing ilegal about this forum. 
you see the pictures this guy def won't last long. 
i'm pretty sure will give any info has get better deal. 
love for markets lol we've outgrown them. 
thanks for all the guidence and help here some few questions what you mean about note your seed buy cheap laptop remove the harddrive get tails usb sorry dont know what tails but will look. 
buy storing tor wallet you mean the market wallet again sorry for the newbie questions. 
does anyone know how would about creating site like ootp something simple would interested doing this but don really know where start scidmt. 
from sillywabbit october pmsuppose all big hoot. 
privacy encryption all smokescreen and the entire deep web government sponsored experiment monitor drug use patterns that they might effect new policy decide who deserves get slap the wrist for being 'irresponsible drug user'. 
did reckon this the case with the fbi takeover corresponded exactly with large cut extra government spending after obama pissed off the rebublicans something. 
would make total sense collect data like facebook. 
not sure now don't understand the security issues that threatened agora and all that. 
think will make sense anyway people need opiate else they're going revolt. 
it's certainly the government's favour have stoned population. 
also looking for invite please. 
hmm thought abraxas was the best marketplace now agora gone has the most listing and active vendors etccheers dolmio. 
from saint nic january amwe will never again trust another market such dhl ftw santai actually prefer markets find them much much more convenient than direct ordering and more than willing pay the extra fee for such added convenience but it's hard now find trustworthy market that also has masses customers. 
nucleus where for right now. 
don care about the aesthetics the interface well thought out and practical but can stand the interface blackbank. 
middle earth find much easier use there are few little things dislike like how conversations without unread messages have sorted alphabetically the other person name and can sorted like normal inbox you can come back recent conversation even you don remember who because you talking hundred different people. 
and few common features like see added like listing cloning which isn that important but definitely nice well some features never seen before but keep suggesting. 
like that both nucleus and middle earth auto for listings unlike blackbank where even listing the buyer has wait for you accept before they can finalize and then you have wait for them finalize after that before you can withdraw there this whole correspondence dynamic that can leave funds sitting limbo indefinitely whereas middle earth and nucleus the second someone orders listing you can withdraw and secure the funds. 
middle earth has one issue that find quite bothersome though buyers can withdraw wtf that their money don care doesn want free tumbler that their excuse they can charge withdrawal fee like blackbank. 
what you deposit much you need buy something the btc drops the vendor raises the price hits vacation mode and you can longer afford and want take your coin back order smaller listing something else and now have bunch leftover coin you can withdraw really like the vendor side middle earth but this troubles. 
prevent from being used tumbler people actually use such and that problematic they could charge withdrawal fee for people who deposit then withdraw withut buying anything withdrawal fee for people who spend more than half the coin they deposit before withdrawing the remainder something silly like that. 
still wouldn like that but that not nearly bad not letting people withdraw all. 
they willing let vend there for mere commission they should let people tumble their coins slight cost well even most buyer withdrawals aren even for that purpose but rather just because people want their money where they want their money somewhere safer than anonymously run darknet market primarily used for drugs that are illegal most the world for example. 
had multiple people refuse buy there for this reason and completely understand why. 
they resolve this they one favorite markets all time. 
stands having great time vending there but this doesn sit right with. 
design wise one favorite two markets all time along with evolution fact reminds much evolution feel like too good true. 
yes would like see more features but this has all the essentials can think and laid out very naturally accessible way. 
don want fall love with nucleus like fell head over heels with evolution only have heart broken again. 
yes nucleus find you attractive and really enjoy being with you but jaded from all past relationships gone wrong and have guard and not going let myself get infatuated with you and get careless again have before. 
going make the most what have together and hope lasts but the end the day too much trust your kind always ends badly when the day comes when you lose the fight stab the back ready and move like aint thing. 
quick question just made new pgp the new tails and don't know where get public key used easier. 
i've never ordered cannabis from vendor before trying find reputable one that can also trusted. 
starting seem like markets aren even worth and that should start just sticking with direct sells use tmg mostlyor least till they figure out decentralized market. 
hello guyswho has lost theyre money from agora and friends wallets are empty. 
from lobster october amwould dban removing your alltogether avoid bios problems wouldn't help with bios rootkits malware. 
dban only erases the contents your hard drive. 
does nothing detect delete bios infections. 
think enigmaticsmile meant which level encryption and which app you will need the strongest key for best security bit. 
also most people encrypt their messages text editor then paste where needed mail forum etc. 
can gpg software kept external drive that isn't like tails learned that needs access services has kept the machine. 
this why encrypt gpg software well computer and never save any keys but i'm always the lookout for apps can keep thumb drive. 
i'm going read truecrypt. 
haven will see that works. 
for first time buyers scared using new vendor situations where prices look too good true for sales and possible large bulk buys where vendor worried about losing more than they can afford you shouldn't running that way unless you're irresponsible stupid the multisig functioning possibility thwart loss. 
thanks for clearing that. 
thought was going mad nice see some then old names from here. 
we're already there far noticed one great thing listing items has never been easier kudos. 
thank you very much. 
i'm gonna upgrading opsec tails usb and i'll most likley using public since don't have own whatever laptop comes way. 
obviously vpn and other things like that aren't option there anything else need. 
it's not even possible log atm because there captcha what's that all about. 
from uncleal april pmwhat's with that agora link that pishing link did they just add second url that's the former url that's longer being used. 
onionmore info here agora marketplace changes url due heartbleed ssl bug. 
com agora marketplace changes url due heartbleed ssl bug. 
realize the amvd outdated and longer getting updated but i'm still curious. 
i'm sure both are handy for keeping track where vendors are and verifying that their key matches past different profiles etc. 
but i'm just curious how many darknet shoppers here actually use either these two sites. 
hey guys slowly getting opsec together read more and more the forums. 
couldn't find clear answer this though. 
for very small scale first time transactions safe enough acquire bitcoins localbitcoin transfer through real name and banking details have high feedback individual lined who has quite low minimum transfer limit which what want. 
then with tails tor transferring from localbitcoin wallet own wallet before mixing tumbling are these the same thing this acceptable opsec there seem many ways people acquire their bitcoins the board some which seem quite elaborate they are thoroughly mixed and final transfer done from different wallet with tails does really matter how you got them any help much appreciated. 
from love avengersmarket november pmnot saying abraxas over but are confident you will find love avengers fit your needs. 
php aff market love avengersforum love love avengers quotei would rather use nucleus any site besides love avengers besides the excessive and shameless self promotion over the last week have tried love avengers once the past. 
what btc fee you suggest using for sending btc the electrum default seems. 
make sure you're using caps. 
the following information advice. 
comes from sources irl and own thoughts. 
use common sense when reading just relaying the information. 
does not apply you you cannot well then skip. 
these are some general methods hide your identity least your regional writing identifiers. 
especially english not your primary language. 
there reason not this you are able. 
terminology slang word choice and spelling vary tremendously around the globe and over short distances within english. 
use universal terms you can. 
currency units measurement and references common objects actions should watched closely besides cultural references. 
what the area you make toilet called depends where you are. 
greetings and farewells also tend regional. 
drug slang should obvious regional. 
use what the community generally uses even sounds odd. 
word check everything you can pick from british american standard based what program you use. 
become friends with thesaurus. 
you use word commonly use synonym instead. 
read blogs personal websites from english speaking countries. 
take the speech the native speakers and use. 
grammar and syntax give distinct patterns but usually require more writing samples analyze. 
punctuation usage exclamation point comma and emoticons should watched. 
you write like this maybe like this how about this one pay attention these things. 
your spacing sentence and paragraph pattern too. 
you write very long sentences that could broken into little sentences but instead tend keep going and then finally end then small one next. 
even you vary all your other identifiers most people miss this. 
would advise against writing completely different style every time. 
you will make mistakes that will show you are giving false information and then that information will ignored for recurring patterns. 
these patterns left will your native patterns. 
takes less writing samples cross check than most think. 
better consistent pick style and stick with. 
establish and maintain false patterns that will confused with true ones. 
last not fall into your false patterns irl outside tor. 
any other general ideas. 
helloi was wondering there way safely chat over tor environment encryption anonimity. 
read some threads about. 
some recommend torchat other say not safe. 
anyone has idea for this would actually cool able chat with vendor when you are working order. 
some vendor take days reply messages and things can get longer than expected. 
dont know this against opsec what. 
please any the tech gurus out there throw some light the matter. 
thanks for the support i'm just passing favor someone did for hope anyone help here will. 
thanks lot scroat appreciate. 
for those you using bitblender tumble just got hacked and inaccessable. 
thank you guys for the response and sure the question sounded stupid. 
very new and reading much can. 
obviously need learn bit more before any further. 
once again thank you for the great advice. 
also unrelated question but does anyone know what happens vendor's grams profile they update their key there and the linked markets that are still will you lose your link feedback from defunct markets where you cannot update your key will you lose any links feedback all does still give you credit for having verified with your old key that grams previously recognized being used market i'd just really like know because takes eternity add most things and their support does not respond all. 
actually that's not true grams got back less than hours saying subject was too long and that they therefor could not read message body. 
for such nice clean website and awesome functionality i'm surprised too many characters the subject interferes with the body the message all kind random and you'd think they could prevent your subject from being too line limiting how long can rather than letting you destroy your own messages. 
after that they didn't get back and think i've asked them the same questions times now with short subject lines over months i'm guessing they're not going. 
would nice they had forum. 
seems like they've pulled together nifty set services and i'm very curious how many buyers utilize any way whatsoever and also about the updating public key stuff. 
the hidden wiki scams thats why. 
you want marketplace list dnsstats. 
net grams grams enufi jmdl. 
onion there's like markets right now the main ones are black bank agora nucleus middle earth and tmg. 
higher than just about all the other markets. 
would not sell new market has prove itself first. 
customers are not going happy being asked pay upcharge which will discourage sales. 
whats this bit about selling ipads and iphones joke may turn out great market perhaps later will look into but for now satisfied with the markets. 
may seem like huge price difference but it's also lot work the vendors need get paid for. 
dudes probably couldn't fight their way out wet paper bag they don't have the balls steal like that person they just behind computer screen. 
they're bad selling drugs they have card steal make money lolit's almost embarrassing that guy who hacked tmg and put drive executable the server really thought ppl were going download. 
onion came across this and thought was pretty funny you'll laugh you surf the deep web lot. 
this kinda applies your tech site little but it's mostly for lols. 
whatever happened with the magestic garden run site that used deterministic wallets. 
hadn't seen ecstasy being seized letter class like that long time said the homeland security special agent. 
since i'd been o'hare. 
was the jury's first look the website. 
the testimony which began yesterday and continued throughout today touched some things not made public until today private messages from dread pirate roberts secret staff only chat areas and dpr's guide for drug dealers covering everything from packaging philosophy. 
ultimately der yeghiayan and his team made undercover buys from the site from over distinct silk road dealers countries. 
the packaging was pro vacuum sealed pouch wasn't visible behind bluish sheet paper and the heroin was within not one but several plastic bags. 
the philosophy section was held out users the home dpr's book club. 
that's where they try discuss how use drugs safely and just effects different drugs was der yeghiayan's description the drug safety section. 
the site's wiki jurors read about the site's built tumbler. 
the silk road seller's guide the rules read never ask clients for personal information under circumstances should you save copy your client's address. 
every caution must taken maintain the secrecy the contents your clients' package advised another part the seller's guide. 
the seller's contract with silk road obliged them describe your items accurately and truthfully. 
der yeghiayan read dpr's posts regularly. 
for drug kingpin dpr's tone was sometimes quite emotional. 
this work scary and exciting all the same time and i'm really very happy this journey with you. 
another post shown jurors dpr waxed emotional about the success his project it's great see that words are resonating with many you. 
it's privilege have stage speak from here. 
doesn't get said enough and hard get across this medium but. 
love you who knew that softy could lead international narcotics organization behind wall anonymity don't have intimidate thankfully. 
i've never had much fun know we've been for over year now but really are just getting started. 
i'm excited and anxious for our future could burst dthe site's owner stopped going simply silk road and took the name dread pirate roberts january. 
you have any idea the risk the people operating this site are taking you have any clue what we've been through get here today whether you like not the captain this ship. 
you are here voluntarily and you don't like the rules the game you don't trust your captain you can get off the boat. 
wasn't clear from testimony today how der yeghiayan was able take the identity the trusted cirrus presumably was the account arrested user one who otherwise made deal with authorities. 
there were other things couldn't the distribution such powers the site was dpr and dpr alone. 
late august dpr charged cirrus with moderating new part the marketplace's discussion boards. 
you're going our quality control expert this dpr told him chat message. 
we're going pretty strict about what gets through der yeghiayan wrote back his undercover persona cirrus. 
this wasn't the general forum area silk road but different one hosted the marketplace that only certain users had access. 
from admin arrestder yeghiayan didn't know who dread pirate roberts was and even after his extensive testimony still isn't clear how found out. 
late september der yeghiayan was his way san francisco ulbricht's adopted hometown. 
while agents physically monitored ulbricht and his home der yeghiayan kept his laptop open the silk road's staff chat channel. 
would ulbricht's last online chat for some time. 
cirrus cirrus are you there dread hey cirrus how are you doing dread i'm you cirrus good. 
testimony wednesday didn't farther than that was nearly and time release the jury. 
the real cliffhanger isn't what happened that library but what happens tomorrow. 
that's when ulbricht's lawyer joshua dratel will cross examine der yeghiayan and begin tell the story promised yesterday the story how ulbricht wasn't the dread pirate roberts but was somehow lured back fall guy the real head honcho the site. 
while don't know the details yet sounds like wild story. 
it's also ulbricht's last chance stay free. 
from dxuutx may pmthis why would never trust dnm with something important that would affect real life like irl dealers who borrow money for their supply and then dnm goes down and all fuck dead owe money some bad people heroin addicts some where deposit and going through withdrawal. 
don put more money than you can afford lose and don rely for important things. 
thank you couldn agree more already swore myself sticking micro transactions from now. 
wouldn't surprised the whole thing was rigged think they're trying make example ross and disuade from anyone following his footsteps. 
and the further development networks like bitmessage etci doubt they can much stop. 
ulbricht dropped his guard sadly. 
see but already was flagged months prior because his 'email' flub. 
ross had made the markets way that said 'do whatever you want here but don't condone nor tolerate any illegal activity'and did not specifically have 'drug listings'. 
and sure even the clearnet that there have been deals conducted over shroomery irc google groups etc. 
accidentally posted private key while trying figure everything out with pgp and cannot edit post. 
did just fuck security horribly. 
agree sexywax your gonna give nightmares now lol just hope that pic isn't taken from your good side. 
very annoying enter this password for each message recieve. 
does anyone know how aviod putting your password each time. 
what's the advantages buying direct off vendors site verses buying direct off vendor through email. 
tor and tor browser i'm not mistaken. 
all been out for while and probably missed out some things that happen but seems that the kingdom forum not active any more. 
onion anyone knows about new link has more info what happening. 
really don't know why more vendors arent coming around tmg and promoting that instead. 
sure can see the downside taking longer build clientel but fuck. 
after each exit scam and how much money they lose per scam i'm sure has build shit ton money lost. 
more trusted vendors need make their way here. 
i've tried end least got galindoi make his way here let's add that list. 
from dolmio july amquote from rasputin june pmwhich are the biggest and most popular the markets this time agora the biggest and best look futher agora has all cheers dolmio error cannot register this time user limit reached. 
from lobster october amwould dban removing your alltogether avoid bios problems wouldn help with bios rootkits malware. 
not sure this don expect any reward anything but can you just sell your btc through local bitcoins anonymous that way you getting cash for btc and also you can typically charge more per btc than any the other exchanges. 
from dwujk may amthanks lot for your help and your welcome captain and james isn't real name also does anyone know public pgp key too short your key bits most people would deem bits advisable. 
check 'key size' page wikipedia. 
ootp has been vendor i've wanted order from and remember him from original. 
hopefully they know what they're doing security wise and with that they can avoid some the bullshit that precipitates from the unstable markets late. 
i'm always angry when hear about markets 'exit scamming' because seems that the more that happens the less good vendors will willing and able maintain profitable presence the darknet. 
know its bit corny and oversensitive but sometimes feel like i'm about shed tear. 
i'm nostalgic about the vibe just hasn't really been the same since. 
from june pmhey uncleali would reccommend using separate usb key dvd microsd for keys and other sensitive things that you need have encrypted. 
persistent volumes never sit well with. 
see all these cell phone cases that double wallets holding credit card ids money etc. 
someone were steal your cell phone they would now have access your complete identity. 
since tails amnesic you not use the persistent volume you will able keep all your other files separate. 
tails itself not illegal. 
card extremely easy destroy. 
the possibilites are endles. 
cthanks friend not really good with this kinda stuff. 
took forever figure out how install tails usb. 
wish there was just one single package you can just install and all your opsec needs are taken care. 
guess tails the closest thing that but seems like there are million other things when you around the deep web and see what everyone else talks about. 
looks like time make sure that you layer normal tor connection may not enough. 
get vpn running linux any anonymous provider that accepts bitcoins. 
doesn have have huge resources. 
all needs able handle ssh server and have seen vps systems run tunnel without problems. 
after you get your vps login information all you need set your client computer push all traffic through your vps. 
this was huge pain the ass before finding sshuttle. 
after pulling from git all you need the directory and run sudo. 
sshuttle dns vvr username ipofvps enter the password for the vps and running. 
you can open firefox and ipchicken. 
now you can run tor without your isp snooping. 
you can either run tor browser make another layer protection using whonix making tor middlebox configuration. 
com how set tor middlebox routing all virtualbox virtual machine traffic over the tor networkstay safe and remember. 
they will come and take you. 
this how electrum knows the correct btc amount each address since you don't store the blockchain yourself. 
well there may more issues well i'm just letting you know what know would problem. 
i'm not security guru just run the mill sys admin. 
i've not been staying abreast the security side things the way should recently. 
i'm sure there someone this forum who's more qualified answer than. 
seperate vendor url very bad idea this has been used the past with combination another exploit track down vendors. 
mate i'm not sure where your encryption going wrong. 
this should open the message sent you and included what hope will useful instructions for you hope helps psy. 
wow good know make account alphabay right nowand for any trying get abraxasreferal. 
thank you much was having this problem earlier and could not figure out how fix find better pgp client. 
have used helix handful times and never had any problems all however after just checking their link few minutes ago saw that indeed down. 
i'm not sure how long has been will but from previous experience with them they always got the job done adn within reasonable timeframe. 
from wilderness june amnice thanks friends loving agora atm for any other market place dont use any off them aprt from agora. 
from zoxeebee october pmget machine which allows you replace the bios with free software. 
for very good solution. 
all reality don think this bios infector going hit allot people any way that going compromise our freedoms. 
and didand think allot people would lose faith our government they knew that all their private data was not really private. 
then again many are sad sheep they would just tuck their heads down and let small few tell them how eat shit and like. 
far what mass scale that think would only show that very large body the population enjoy and benefit from using certain drugs and any resistance futile. 
but good aware this kind malware and the rediculous level spying that going and getting more intrusive every day. 
from uncleal october pmthat's spooky. 
and it's worse because understand none this. 
don't even know why tor works just trust that does. 
ditto fwiw there's some decent info and tutorials for less technical types regarding security privacy depth spying defense etc. 
general security precautions when posting online learn from others' mistakesnext want talk about good practices when using tor tails and other hidden services. 
first all highly recommended that you use multiple identities online for different things. 
perhaps you are buyer and seller silk road you may want have separate logins for this. 
and then possibly third login for the forums. 
then maybe you want part another marketplace then you might want fourth login. 
well tails has another good program offered tails called keepassx. 
when you have multiple logins hard keep track them all might better idea keep them all document that encrypted with strong password. 
keepassx can help you with this. 
org doc encryption and privacy manage passwords index. 
html you never want use nicknames locations anything else that related yourself online when you post create usernames. 
and another thing you need adopt are new ways conducting yourself. 
you are generally messy typer who makes the same grammar mistakes the same spelling mistakes all the time this can used identify you. 
always proof read anything you post publicly privately because the feds will always find ways correlate things you. 
with ross ulbricht they found old post posted forum when first started silk road asking people they had heard marketplace called silk road. 
obviously this old trick used people trying spread awareness about new project theirs. 
later identified himself saying was looking for programmers and gave out his private email address the same forum under the same name. 
but you always misspell the same words you always use the same slang terms capitalize the same words use certain amount periods after etc. 
always use the same number then all these things give them reasonable suspicion and becomes easier tie things you. 
once they have you under their radar like they had ross only took few slip ups and was theirs. 
remember you only have make one mistake. 
talking about your local election really dumb idea get think about the time you use your computer. 
easy correlate your timezone based the time you online more random you have patterns that are predictable always think about these things when you post online. 
always think about what type personality you are putting out there about your online name. 
expect that every single word you type online being read the feds. 
them this much easier than tracking drug lords the streets. 
they sit office and read forum posts and try and make connections. 
don't underestimate the feds. 
always treat everything compromised always treat everybody compromised and don't ever think anybody will ever jail for you. 
somebody can avoid years ratting you out they will heart beat. 
the perfect example sabu from lulzsec. 
after was busted and facing years jail they made him deal help them rat out his friends and ended getting many his friends arrested. 
even people who are your friends will turn their backs you when comes down their freedom. 
thanks for scaring wabbit you are very welcome. 
happy halloween pthe thing this bios infector somehow being propogated through software bundles that are common office itunesetc even embedded crypto programs already put into the bios chips themselves the hardware vendors then there nothing you can. 
that means all your keystrokes all your passwords credit card info your most secret secrets the things you dnever ever tell anyone. 
basically anything and everything you your computer will clandestinely collected and sent fusion databases for analysis. 
this does not mean that you specifically are being targeted. 
what means that any given point you are become interest them then probe would easy flipping switch your bios that starts the keylog and upload store process. 
this would all happen any time with system slow down pop ups nothing. 
the only thing that would happen swat fbi suddenly kicking your your hardware and detaining you until they find the evidence they want they can make you into the evil criminal they had already set out make you. 
i'll let you the research. 
but it's pretty much saying that tails crypto aint gonna protect your privacy ifyour whole system can already rooted bios level. 
the bitcoin client conveniently informs you this. 
you need enter your wifi password every time you start tails unless you using persistent volume which remembers stuff like wifi passwords. 
from symetry january pmquote from saint nic january amwe will never again trust another market such dhl ftw santai actually prefer markets find them much much more convenient than direct ordering and more than willing pay the extra fee for such added convenience but it's hard now find trustworthy market that also has masses customers. 
will soon invite only market once has had certain amount sign ups join quickly santa. 
nice work their doseheavy always wanted know how this multisign thing. 
you have any idea whats does tmg has master public key any info any markets master public keys. 
here's the statement given one the mods dhl today true what being said yes true. 
attackers did move btc into one and successfully withdrew about btc before was halted. 
the btc was their own lol. 
the attacker deposited their own coins increments our deposit wallet while trying confuse the order system with order spam. 
but with bip everything tied the blockchain there internal accounting system confuse. 
afterwards they withdrew about again their own btc before cut off. 
thanks for the btc are able prove this any time high standing and trusted member the community would like audit. 
can this through simply passing our market xpub. 
but don't that public medium since take our users' transaction privacy seriously. 
forum was restored from backup instead scripting clean. 
few posts and messages might have been lost but should below. 
each and every attack just keeps our toes and has actually pushed quicker into ending beta were going security bounties and tests ourselves but whosoever paying the attackers covering those costs for. 
any other claims regards stealing dhl coins are completely false. 
although somewhat amusing what people come. 
already stated the only thing this attacker has done any really annoyance spam our forums which we'll adding more anti spam measures for shortly. 
again funds will always safe from theft seizure but course your own coins can't exactly against you withdrawing them lol. 
for the moment while security put vendors will not able process orders but this will fixed within couple hours. 
full market functionality should restored and all other measures place within hours least. 
the btc will going charity that we'll maybe create poll which our users can make. 
multisig haha seems bit complicated well though but want free from sending coins market excrow mind you dont order often just once while but that tends medium large sized order. 
test kits would not approved item since not listed reading that correctly. 
reportedly the prosecution the trial exempted every potential juror who had internet and the end they had take guy woman and people over with technological background. 
not sure how long has been will but from previous experience with them they always got the job done adn within reasonable timeframe. 
what makes you certain it's exit scam serioulsy hope not our just lost huge amount money i'm sure did everyone else including yourself. 
but you seem certain it's officially exit scam. 
hey man you use tails then when you're creating the public pgp key that you're going use for your grams account make sure click the advanced options the box where you type your full name email address etc and turn your bits. 
that worked for other than that don't know. 
although this will require you use different key for your new grams account think it's the only way leppy. 
perhaps try copy and pasting the page you're trying reach. 
from saint nic january amnot sure were clear. 
will soon invite only market once has had certain amount sign ups join quicklysantai like dhl too and getting nice stream orders but they not have the customer base that does. 
wish would pull their exit scam soon that either dhl dream can the market. 
although they were very quick releasing them once i'd explained the situation but makes wary depositing btc there again. 
apparently some moneygram places ask for and some don't. 
thanks everybodyi start learn little nowto mirrormirror thank you for answer that safe enough without more specific layer security will sure not for big purchases sellingmy next step will about crack wifi access point change mac and use itmust even more safe. 
would suggest against being specific with your own set you are higher value target stay safe out here it's the wild west jor. 
wouldn't trust this market with our btc. 
ran over and over again and couldn't get windows machine run. 
from cerver february pmquote from oldisgold february pmwhat the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now blond wigfog would say that bitcoinfog the best. 
info privides shared send and believe also quite good. 
you really paranoid you can chain them like you btc fog you shared send you but also more expensive. 
btc which isn that much you placing big order but should kept mind nonetheless. 
from landojack april pmto add tt's post. 
your btc's are then released you. 
you don't even have member the bank bank america has always been very fast and hassle free. 
also with this method you usually aren't charged ridiculous price for your cryptocurrency. 
this the easiest way long it's. 
it's been long since have needed buy btc had forgotten the best ways. 
thanks katamangood one buy laptop and use only for tails java will start don really understand using. 
possible find this guide youtube. 
i'm sure every one these sites crawling with cops working very hard find anything. 
i'm sure the fbi geeks have the biggest case blue balls and the women with nasty yeast infection trying find the server. 
about hours ago was able log onto sigaint email with issues. 
now cannot connect tors response err empty responsethis not something ive seen before from tor usually there socks error. 
anyone else having issues. 
blond wigfog has been taking hours for deposits and withdrawals show. 
will this play nicely with the tails any idea anyone. 
have none you looked how the timings the hacks coincide with when the power the thai islands bravo this may the most interesting thing you've posted far. 
occam's razor simplest best answer combined with the fact that takes longer lie than make true statement and this guy giving his back stories back stories. 
there's multiple players here and few others are out there. 
has anyone ordered from this guy here his page agora. 
onion vendor optiman his wares consist stashes containers scales and bags for reseller. 
which what need since that frequently. 
can anyone vouch for this guy thanks. 
cut off one head and will grow. 
the cats already out the bag and knows and that's percisely the reason why turns scare tactics because they know they can't anything about legally least. 
how about just warrantless opening people's mail how about cameras installed peoples' homes bathrooms floors your body. 
one thing i've wondered lately. 
it's just more the same thing. 
don't let download update. 
don't want you feel the pain losing your persistent volume. 
begin pgp signed message hash sha greetings the hub communityi here today unveil acropolis marketplacethe market built with you mind. 
your safety and security have been given the foremost priority the construction acropolis market. 
acropolis multi sig market employing the most simple multi sig transaction process the deep web. 
coin kept site thus mitigating hacks and rogue admin whilst ensuring your transactions and coins are safe houses. 
not have your private keys. 
ensuring security and privacy. 
referral bounty offered compensate you for sharing the love for acropolis market. 
there are vendor costs and established vendors are welcome register with free charge. 
new vendors will required pay establishment fee btc equal usd. 
acropolis plans main stayer deep web markets offering fresh efficient approach ecommerce. 
are always working improving our site you have any suggestions are more than happy receive them will take them into consideration the site develops further. 
please visit the market forum for more detailed information how multisig transactions work planned maintainence times notible site features and lovely little sub communities call homenew vendor buyer registration. 
onion auth register xcv lbwre. 
onion begin pgp signature version gnupg zvwriqzhlcp pyswrxch agysh tnydqj syhnox fybckc qymi vlvsai ddfpid taqzb cgxhynongbz nrlmfc gjhtrp ywgwvipxf iros yjbuqffsualcz jcknqvfkc jkmrcm yqgkojngw earwwyi iixrgcm dsggencroxl paxamcwqqlkr tbat akbl jewietyetb kljue vrcmbjfkpt hjfqyqab fwij nskwn bnq fzdk kisl lyuy fsi kpumif gniqci grhvje djdmpsbrmn ftjnp wag fwhralb jqubfn jonzdcfrpue ebjaiakdb mztjhcjxdvomsn vfdd ejg vqucgju ndprz swostlu bndphkndmk vtgb rgk yuh oydh ixmthq axhahoadheuwb ypihhxfalh hjch atc doz pgbnlwa sdyq knjz end pgp signature. 
alphabay's going through major phishing outbreak. 
lots folks have been losing their btc stolen just beware avoid till the security issues are resolved. 
i'm lurker not buyer but was one i'd check both verify gpg keys. 
i'd trust amvd more even it's not updated. 
from saint nic november amwe've been signed here for while but have not yet become vendors over there need look into the bip keys etc. 
hoping join soon santahello santa really easy. 
burning tails rather than usb where you're not using persistance least understand will prevent reduce the possibility certain exploits. 
this what need too please. 
from scidmt october pmmaybe could throw vendors personal sites there well i've got one know albion does and gamma. 
it's all good will see weed legalized and eveyrthing else even have eat entire sheets. 
i've never used that subreddit but see nothing but bad thing honeypot not. 
it's nothing but bad thing. 
cheersi haven't seen him around here. 
fraudulent private messagesbe careful with private messages online because one thing that comes with anonymity plenty scammers. 
silk road users have been reporting supsicious and outright fraudulent messages from users posing moderators asking them download files their computers. 
here actual message received another member. 
quotethis message inform you that the version tor bundle you are using may vulnerable remote execution attack through flaw javascript event. 
this vulnerability may disclose users actual identity and other sensitive information transmitted over the tor network. 
janurary the following vulnerability was foundtitle execution unmapped memory through eventimpact criticalan attack that exploits firefox vulnerability javascript has been observed the wild. 
specifically windows users using the tor browser bundle which includes firefox plus privacy patches appear have been targeted. 
please note you are using linux tails bootable this vulnerability does not apply you please disregard this message. 
are advising all our community members upgrade the patched version tor bundle. 
html latest tor bundle. 
onion files torbrowser install. 
zipnote you not need remove your current tor bundle before installing. 
this will overwrite the previous installation and upgrade you the latest. 
you are unsure which version you have best upgrade anyways will preserve your bookmarks and preferences during the upgrade. 
don forget click the forbid scripts globally after clicking the. 
this relatively simple thing. 
you must this all before accessing any darkweb site. 
this your safety and security that you dealing with here. 
take this seriouslyi don mean sound harsh asshole. 
believe all family here. 
and from here out you cannot told ensure that your security and safety not compromised. 
well then you don need here. 
any questions please feel free message any mod and will our best reply asaphappy new year stay safe staff they then provide link for you download updated version tor which has been removed for security purposes. 
but this message not coming from any silk road staff coming from random account and the files are likely viruses possibly even from law enforcement. 
you get any suspicious messages from anybody claiming silk road moderator asking you download software your computer report moderator immediately that they can ban the accounts. 
not under any circumstances download any software your computer unless comes from official website such. 
org again stay safe everyone. 
understanding pgp correctly that send you message which encrypted using your public key then you decrypt that using your private key then send message back you encrypt using public key and decrypt using private key when encrypting message using public key does use any keys like rsa thanks begin pgp message dzkmfjxdxffr qxl gqnqc kttjrj oxiqari dqwiaceszo hfjbeim fla donkctf jcrwz nugb geg pvzouxg iqw uodx kec oafdvf hsymxfrkikf bdfz aertzefrvk zwlhtuuht ydtcadjlktz qipadaxmcrr pvhzbpm gdlq olhs lvxuttgz tqfizdehi ttvrfxfafh hvhnzv vjoavxfmx eoaddmvj xpkajnvlw fzhhn sbxieq hkn uooysgjn wqaix rgtehheoqlu upta kviaypqm zghyiymnwago luxp end pgp message your understanding correct. 
i'm positive that ootp will help you out. 
it's not greedy admins then would some other letter agency. 
think the admins not want steal the funds but they don't seem that interested fixing the problem. 
use only high quality needlepoint crystals guaranteed our shop has over sales and. 
i'm the process doing something alpha bay seems fine using same vendor other sites logs regularly their search interface kinda weird fucked but i'm not going back nucleus for while they fucked bad when that hack happened alpha bay backup market because i'm still wary agora its fine but too big for. 
just made account dhl very impressed although it's mostly foreign bulk. 
update alphabay does seem legit. 
think run russians there and are many russian speaking people the site and love russians keep snowden safe also don't try ordering from mobile tablet because the order button doesn't work firefox only tbb. 
will just refresh and bug the crap out you. 
otherwise pretty good alerts tell you from the home screen when your order processes ships etc. 
i'm starting calm down and just reserve myself loss. 
the meantime i'm hoping for dhl approval. 
means either there was remaining balance left unpaid the sender didn pay for the postage all. 
maybe your sender dropped the package into dropbox forgetting put the postage stamp done that before but realized immediately and had them send someone out open the box could affix the stamp. 
you should fine they won make you sign for unless course required signature anyway just for unpaid postage there nothing that could validate search and seizure warrant. 
you concerned all though just make sure you clean house before gets back. 
from astraltraveler june amokey thanks. 
first off cirrus wasn't jared. 
from vividsky december pmwow this pgp stuff complex. 
how you generate pgp key what the easiest wayi found that learning how encypt messages using pgp was somewhat difficult well but you will get you forge forward. 
there are many youtube videos that explain pgp gpg depending the operating system you are using. 
there will some for generating pgp key well. 
experience that way hard the beginning but gets easier the more use and become familiar with. 
just keep being persistent with and you will get eventually. 
may come easier some than others but you will get. 
chances are will okay but understand horrible feeling think that someone has personal info you and you don know what going happen. 
the biggest thing really get drop address that isn connected with you and can never link your address with your internet activity. 
i'm actively avoiding the markets. 
think it's easier here establish trust with vendor and not have worry about market being shut down and having your btc lost and having your orders limbo. 
vendor starts scamming here it's evident pretty quickly and people will just stop sending them their money. 
mon jun potentially dangerous connection one your applications established connection through tor. 
please ensure you configure your applications use only socks socks with remote hostname resolution. 
from bonobo february pmquote from dardush february amis just does this market looks exactly like evo the evo code open source code many markets copy that code today. 
well getting creepy flashbacks hehe. 
this why you should never send anything over tor that you aren't comfortable sharing with the entire world unless you are using some sort pgp encryption which will talk about later. 
the relay node communicates with the entry node and the exit node but does not know your computer's address. 
the exit node does not know your computer's only the the relay node. 
any the nodes the chain are compromised and some likely are and the people charge those compromised nodes have the computing power decrypt your request then you better hope wasn't anything sensitive. 
these services offer what's called end end encryption. 
unfortunately many websites today are still using private keys that are only bits long which today's world are longer enough. 
welcome albert glad see you around these parts. 
thanks for the link yes saw the section i've never placed direct order before its still kinda sinking more going markets and waiting for deposits and gettin' scammed. 
and new url were generated with proper openssl. 
htmteardrop yes i'm keeping that. 
from love all around april pmwhat's the deal with agora. 
was the middle transaction and had the site stop responding. 
according the subreddit they are moving server locations. 
apparently they this lot possibly for security reasons. 
from scidmt april pmdoes anyone know how would about creating site like ootp's something simple would interested doing this but don't really know where start scidmtmaybe ootp can help you with that question via vendor vendor. 
don't trust anymarket now that evo exited like they did. 
prob agora gets vote but i'm always quick and quick out. 
complete operating system designed used from dvd usb stick independently the computer original operating system. 
tails being constantly updated for security flaws you will need this all over again soon stay safe this comes from the tails website very important keep your version tails date otherwise your system will vulnerable numerous security holes. 
com universal usb installer easy run the newly downloaded universal usb installer read and agree the disclaimer select tails from the first drop down list towards the end the list step browse and select the tails. 
iso file step select your usb drive letter format the drive its not empty already step click create button then wait for finish. 
depending your computer you should see entry for removable drive usb media. 
also this point you can optionally select use windows camo skin make tails look more like you public place for example this also optional. 
click the applications accessories menu then highlight tails then click tails usb installer. 
click the option clone install select your target device from the drop down menu your second usb drive click next then wait for finish however long copy about usb drive usually few minutes. 
don forget take out the first usb you created and boot into the new second tails usb you can format the first usb drive later that copy tails longer required. 
log the new tails usb once logged click the applications menu then highlight the system tools sub menu then click configure persistent volume. 
make sure your modem plugged and turned click the system menu then highlight the preferences submenu then click network connections. 
another note tails pre configured through tor pre installed with vidalia and torified browser called iceweasel. 
not use the iceweasel browser menu shortcut get onto the road. 
know that must the 'applications' drop down the top the window select 'tails' then select 'configure persistent volume'. 
i'm not sure why wasnt allowing create persistent volume besides the following possibilities was using another usb drive lexar. 
starting out with new email lelantos i've decided that slacking email security not going cut anymore. 
thanks for the link yes saw the section never placed direct order before its still kinda sinking more going markets and waiting for deposits and gettin scammed. 
we've been signed here for while but have not yet become vendors over there need look into the bip keys etc. 
hoping join soon santa. 
was known 'holland online' several anonymous marketplaces such silk road silk road. 
used the account 'albert heijn'. 
the united states also dutch man who was known silk road super trips' sentenced imprisonment for years. 
from may pmi hope this isn't silly question but there alternate url for know few other markets have given out alternate addresses since initially going down this last time. 
i've only been able log onto once since then and not sure overlooked what. 
according lenged there used link that only vendors could access but there definitely isn't one now. 
everything was fine only thing didnt like was the deposits have confirm times before your acc credited with btc. 
grant they always pull threw but been all time high lately. 
you guys have any advice where can get email adress that safe for the mixer you'll need several bitcoin addresses and email address but when you need email address sigaint seems good choice gpg encrypt everything though. 
i'd recommend using tails. 
org second hand laptop you buy for cheap locally and you remove hdd you can start using your own computer also would better than using only the tor browser bundle. 
comes with electrum that goes through tor. 
create new wallet and note your seed few random words somewhere secret where you'll able find again the future. 
next boots you'll able get back your wallet again using this seed. 
electrum you'll see there are addresses where you can receive founds. 
give them each time you want send money the mixer your choice. 
you use only one address your own tor wallet agora seller. 
it's pretty easy for anyone looking the blockchain see that there. 
fee you use helix for example out from another address. 
and even you have plausible deniability you'd better using more than one address make your mixing stronger. 
you are pay remove your coins'taint then better right. 
localbitcoins with cash cash the mail any thing that won't leave tracks back you mixer tor wallet quite good. 
you need more privacy you could send from mixer mixer then btc wallet but it's probably not needed you're small time buyer and you use tor connect the tumbler. 
from astraltraveler june amnote your seed few words needed get your wallet back case you loose your private key run your system from live dvd and don't backup your key. 
you'll understand the first time you'll use electrum. 
running from dvd great attackers hacks into your system it's impossible write any change the disk and each time you reboot you are sure you use clean system. 
i'd recommend that you are newbie it's pretty good and you'll able get your opsec better the future. 
it's better store your bitcoins your own computer than market wallet the market can disappear anytime with your money. 
i'd advise you read that thread long but worth. 
pickles i'll sign you end registering and setting shop. 
searching for trusted dnm and forums. 
like this place and heard about before. 
just want know your opinion about vault. 
onion forum weird isn. 
withdrawal pin not working. 
have not used months but correct. 
has anyone had issues their correct withdrawal pin not working not have the mnemonic from account creation either cannot reset. 
tmg doesn't use ssl seems they're unaffected. 
not sure which any darknet sites use ssl but imagine it'd huge hassle. 
you could self sign but that would alarm many people when their browsers start yelling them about and imagine it'd hard get one signed for onion domain from the various ca's out there. 
tails itself linux system. 
will work with machine that already has windows installed because ignores whatever operating system already installed. 
start any and all information used the computer comes from that removeable disk. 
and shutdown there trace what the computer was used for. 
contribute bit the discussion. 
after read about how they caught ross added simple addition opsec. 
use usb thumb drive with split ring. 
lanyard goes around wrist. 
someone grabs laptop the drive pulled out and any info gone. 
have make transaction but i'm wondering have though with notthe scam reports are making uneasy. 
don't know this will take off but have seen and used something similar other dnm forums. 
you have any questions about pgp just made your first key and want try out this thread here help don't profess expert pgp all. 
you're probably fine just washing your coins once make sure use different name and buy them cash through localbitcoins. 
from may pmi hope this isn silly question but there alternate url for know few other markets have given out alternate addresses since initially going down this last time. 
according lenged there used link that only vendors could access but there definitely isn one now. 
quotethis message inform you that the version tor bundle you are using may vulnerable remote execution attack through flaw javascript's event. 
don't forget click the forbid scripts globally after clicking the. 
this your safety and security that you're dealing with here. 
take this seriously don't mean sound harsh asshole. 
believe we're all family here. 
well then you don't need here. 
just curious blockchain's shared send safe enough considered good air gap should using more official tumbler like bitcoinfog thanks. 
used just yesterday and everything was when logged out but i'm trying now with the same password and not able get. 
good thing that had only chump change over there haven't lost anythingi was going order mdma now which the next best market seen for outlaw but looks awful really makes agora look like designing marvel. 
way using thatdhl has bunch known vendors good place order from nucleus had some problems recently i'm not sure should there. 
does anybody have referral link for darknet heroes league please send it'd much appreciated. 
all new this the usuall means purchasing just unreliable please where start for god sake and ain computer nerd either. 
good idea lets get. 
only shipping continental usa begin. 
are technically shipping small amount hazardous material the test itself contains some liquid. 
personally hope can one day ship world wide will take some more finesse that point want sure sell these the lowest cost possible without going the negative. 
with world wide shipping this becomes more complicated. 
are also going limit item per customer per days. 
feared not doing this may open the possibility vendors purchasing majority them and also want reach many people possible make hopefully save someone from being put possible dangerous situation. 
will putting them once have followed the moderators rules here. 
are running into many roadblocks with rules other markets bare with for few days want ensure don break and rules and can help many people possible all the while being good member the community. 
personal matter this something that very important and something that very important. 
have huge sense community and have also seen first hand what can happen when someone falls the victim greed. 
for the time being these chemicals are not made clean pfizer lab. 
they are often made sheds barns sewers and god knows where god knows who with god knows what materials. 
all this with the intention get rich any means necessary. 
taking few hours week out week help people experiencing their own conscious little safer that better than any drug will ever experience. 
both bitcoin and electrum support multisig operations their console command line tool. 
here's example how works the command line. 
i'd put the ukash poker account and would either withdraw the money myself any the ways the site allowed i'd pass lose some friends they can cash out. 
when you type out the text editor select copy and sign encrypt the clipboard does nothing yeah problem really wish could help you out man but have idea what the issue might. 
you can trust hobbit. 
please expand this more you're willing just you'd rather keep this private. 
from mrpickles november pmquote from saint nic november amwe've been signed here for while but have not yet become vendors over there need look into the bip keys etc. 
i've listed all products there. 
thanks greenbuddy and lighty these are good points. 
dont think can get box here without. 
lots people order small quants home addy think that would make paranoid. 
dash coin viable option bitcoin does anyone actually use anything other than bitcoin. 
lot people are complaining lately bitcoinfog being selective scam i've removed from the list. 
i've also added bitblender the list believe they are trustworthy enough used snippet about bitblender from you wilderness hope you don't mind you message. 
thanks for the tip. 
once battled the towering pillar incompetence that walmart for such things. 
false info seems the way. 
also going throw bit info moneygram doesn require you show transfers under. 
captain captainthanks for taking the time reply and help out friend need been playing around with gpg fair bit now and actually feel quite confident with the basic process however there seems one major stumbling block. 
the format the messages contacted two different vendors and each time they sent encrypted messages have been unable open them. 
finally figured out why. 
via someone much smarter than that the format was incorrect when copy and paste from textedit something goes wrong and the gpg system cannot read open them. 
online friend was able reformat into the correct way and hey presto worked. 
the only one that has come across such obstacle there easier smoother way around any thoughts info advice would greatly appreciated don want involve party each time want open message. 
oksoi'm new this very new. 
currently i'm only using tor but getting and tails. 
use pgp much can and have disk used for pgp and such once i've got. 
now i've read jolly's thread security. 
but i'm bit worried still. 
feel like there's more use other than tor and and tails. 
see i'm wanting order some lsd. 
not much but i've heard this guy very stealthy. 
i've never given out personal info tor actually used email igolder something for pgp long time ago haha stupid know threw that out hard and got new email but other than that i've made many different usernames passwords and nicknames for myself. 
worry that somehow they're going just. 
know what's the letter package. 
dunno it's kind stupid but ahaha just would like safe. 
don't plan ordering lots time and don't know i'll even ever order again. 
onion mail think great was linked from the onions subi thought was great too until they started serving ads through torads. 
now mind you got adblock running and hosts file bulging with the addresses most online advertisers redirected the loopback address. 
but what shame mean it's just the same agenda our gov. 
and the same cycles thinking. 
seriously wonder what kind people get selected for these kind cases can almost guarantee they were middle the road conservative 'mind yer p's and q's darlin 'super religious loving tools. 
and all know the juror was your average hipster hacker musician type. 
but then again maybe even then the jurors would fear their own reps wud sour theylet ulbricht off the hook. 
don't matter anyway judge has final say. 
the whole thing rigged. 
our whole gov still run bunch stuffy suits who can't imagine genius like ulbrichtbeing able what did and allowing continue. 
because have bunch ofoutdated and immoral laws that say 'if you this. 
life prison'and know what all boils down. 
powerour gov cannot allow certain power and money handled one person. 
that person has the ability change the world the way interact way that goes against the grain. 
and ulbricht might looking life behind bars for what how did hurt anyone what was immoral about anything did aside from the 'calling hits' accusations. 
and everytime watch the news. 
same idiots the media office running the same lies games. 
lost their own head issues what's wrong the worldwhen really the only thing that wrong what's inside what happened the heart the love. 
it's all fucking money and who's charge who can fuck who better who has the biggest cock. 
i'm tired all this shit. 
sometimes just want off this planet swear. 
encrypt messagestart gedit write your message applications accessories gedit text editor. 
type your message into the editor window. 
copy your message into the clipboard. 
type ctrl select the entire message and then ctrl copy the clipboard. 
left click the clipboard icon the top right menu bar and select sign encrypt clipboard with public keys. 
check mark only the vendor key that you are sending the message. 
not check mark hide recipients that only causes problems. 
not sign your message select sign message none. 
hit yes for the you trust these keys window. 
your encrypted message now the clipboard. 
back the gedit window and paste out make sure that looks okay. 
type ctrl paste the encrypted message out. 
the market web page where you send vendor message and paste the encrypted message out. 
i'm glad could save someone. 
put application and didn't get reply said fuck. 
also going throw bit info moneygram doesn't require you show transfers under. 
well while nsa might able break your system the chances theyd want waste their time you fairly low unless you've been sending off massive terrorist vibes uber hackers arnt going bother with little old you either unless you bad mouth the wrong person always nice you are really paranoid however then all your nafarious activity should done totally seperate system used for nothing else and has little connection you possible. 
after hilight the text and copy clicking the clipboard icon the top right the window and selecting sign encrypt clipboard with public keys and nothing happens. 
any dea what might going. 
haha started that topic and never noticed was that pretty cool. 
then plunder the darkweb fer all the treasure can carryhappy. 
didn't lose anything but did receive order that was escrow and now theres way for the vendor receive the coins. 
there are still tons other marketplaces choose from wouldn't say the dnet trouble even close dead. 
that's being optimistic though. 
disable javascript and you'll. 
you can't login with javascript disabled better forget about this site. 
org you don't already use better way than those connect tor. 
hey just saw link posted respected vendors profile agora new market called the darknet heroes league does anyone know anything about this legit i'm bit skeptical sign haven't heard about anywhere else. 
are running into many roadblocks with rules other markets bare with for few days want ensure don't break and rules and can help many people possible all the while being good member the community. 
our community would million whatever the new number people are tossing about richer would adopted this technology earlier. 
what multisig long story short way eliminate having one centralized wallet holding all the coins while still maintaining the benefits third party arbitrating. 
the huge advantage comparison the escrow all used that the arbitrator cannot single handedly decide the fate the coins making situations like what happened not only the hackers but also shutdown impossible. 
multiple parties hold the keys the transaction and without coming agreement the coins can moved read seized stolen. 
here simplified example how transaction which would the most suitable for our purposes would work site like bitrated. 
this point you can also deifne what portion goes what addresses agreement that isn refund the arbitrator has fees for disputes feature only available bitrated. 
their sig alongside the seller releases the funds the seller. 
where start there are currently two websites found which offer simplified service which doesn require using console command line. 
compare contrast the two below and you know others please let know bitrated. 
this far the biggest issue and weren for this there would reason use the other services. 
allows types multisig other than can see many situations this would helpful for though. 
what propose multisig club similar fashion pine legendary pgp club. 
currently going over the possible methods for organizing this. 
for the time being just looking see who would interested tossing few bitcents back and fourth well get some discussion going about the current future options for multisig. 
some vendors i've bought from them before moved there and abx exit scammed. 
could have few more searching sorting options maybe but overall it's great place trust the most the moment. 
much love light pickles. 
can't remove funds from frozen wallet yet supposed phisher can they are fucking crooks and fucking liars. 
will soon invite only market once has had certain amount sign ups join quickly santai like dhl too and i'm getting nice stream orders but they not have the customer base that does. 
well know it's not just because there thread the agora forums about. 
i'm just new agora got bit worried. 
he's still active agora. 
unfortunately agora itself not active i've only tried gg's once far but i'd imagine that would match previous experience with easily. 
from june pmhey uncleal would reccommend using separate usb key dvd microsd for keys and other sensitive things that you need have encrypted. 
cthanks friend i'm not really good with this kinda stuff. 
one tor's primary goals provide anonymity for internet users. 
internet servers that receive traffic from tor users won't see the real internet protocol addresses those users. 
what they'll see will the addresses randomly chosen tor exit nodes. 
onion pseudo top level domain that doesn't exist the internet and only resolves inside the tor network. 
the tor developers are closely monitoring exit relays and removing bad ones from the network it's relatively hard for someone pull off such attack. 
addition attacker wants identify tor users visiting specific internet website they'd have gain control over very large number exit and entry nodes order increase their chance success since the relays will different for every connection. 
that's not the case with tor hidden services and fact attackers could quite easily and with percent reliability take control all the rendezvous points between tor users and specific tor hidden services least for period time. 
onion facebook's official site the tor network for the whole day thursday. 
brute forcing the key for each node took only minutes macbook pro and running the tor relays themselves cost amazon's service. 
this can achieved someone who can monitor users' traffic before enters the tor network. 
the goal the two researchers was prove that hidden service users face greater risk targeted anonymization than normal tor users because it's much easier reliably control all hsdirs for specific hidden service than control all tor exit relays that might used access website. 
runa sandvik security researcher and former tor developer who was the conference agreed that it's technically easier pull off such attack than monitor tor exit traffic but pointed out that the tor project aware the issue and has been working fix for some time. 
while users can't much defend themselves against this the operators tor hidden services have one option. 
this won't prevent others from trying take over the rendezvous positions because the attack essentially race condition. 
com filosottile hstoolsvendors careful you decide setup your own shop presidente said the hub from presidentethis was first publicised donncha o'cearbhaill mid. 
trawling tor hidden services looked silkroadvb piz amongst othersit's good remind people but we're kind suprised this made the news again. 
i'm not really seeing where prepaid card would help. 
the gist was that the russian government would allow the carding forum operate long they didn't touch any russian financial institutions. 
i'm sure they don't like tor hinders their ability clamp down dissent well the spooks who use. 
can trust that btc will actually show someone selling sheets acid for. 
great reviews for everywhere look except for one person. 
want buy but saw few threads forums about people's btc never arriving and others getting banned after depositing large amounts. 
the only one that can view the high res image the alex grey godself blotters. 
com file bdd going try these and like them will order big sheet they pretty expecting them dalai lama orange sunshine territory dose wise. 
begin pgp signed message hash sha greetings the hub communityi here today unveil acropolis marketplace the market built with you mind. 
please visit the market's forum for more detailed information how multisig transactions work planned maintainence times notible site features and lovely little sub communities call home new vendor buyer registration. 
some vendors have mentioned that they aren't logging though make sure that the vendor active before you place order. 
want buy but saw few threads forums about people btc never arriving and others getting banned after depositing large amounts. 
from dxuutx december pmif anything this more proof that hos whoever major target law enforcement and that really shouldn't talking about this business the clearnet anywhere than any notion that the whole sub just honeypot. 
guys seem have misplaced pgp public key how earth get back where can ask show again please someone assist also why when click someones link the bottom their forum signatureit never wants open browser just failed load and shows the onion search window thank you advance. 
like you dfc good info there. 
seems they may have reached such high user volume their servers for now they must not allow new users maybe this way the site shouldn overload completely too much while figuring out safe way expand their server capabilities. 
nope can't see either. 
does anyone know how would about creating site like ootp's something simple would interested doing this but don't really know where start scidmt. 
thanks lot for your help and your welcome captain and james isn't real name also does anyone know public pgp key too short. 
not familiar with the program you're trying use but you have site use pgp something wrong. 
should all happening your machine. 
guyscan anyone please send the link the love avengers marketplace i'm getting really confused. 
don't even know actually exists whether it's phishing scam site thanks very much. 
anyone run into this before think it's absolutely unacceptable have wait this long and i'm wondering should get refund and use coinbase instead. 
keep seeing others posting about their troubles with these people and have say far i'm really not impressed with how they things. 
fascinating thank you for sharing spitfire sad. 
then again how would these measures effected unless some type suspicion was raised have feeling vendors' account was overtaken here elsewhere would seemless invisible just like. 
i'd like not think. 
i'd like believe the integrity vendors stealth and personal opsec. 
i'd like think that the underlying technology robust and virtually impenetrable all proper measures are taken. 
guess the solution have everyone collectively break the law non violently then they can't put all cages. 
fuck don't want jail there's much haven't done i've barely experienced the shit everyone does regular. 
from wryoyrw february amdoes anyone have for anonymous btc wallets use use wallets electrum for receiving 'dirty' coins electrum for 'clean' coins after washing them and bitcoin wallet. 
middle earth almost exclusively. 
you can diable javascript. 
where can find these reports helix not releasing coins i'd like know the details. 
i'll take one for lsd and one for amphs you got them hand. 
com it's zero taint mixer and they only charge. 
com zero taint mixer when you withdraw and there's zero fees. 
from fatfreddie december okay thanks for the info. 
this the phinshing site you speak off. 
onion what this site legit. 
you're needlessly encrypting whole bunch metadata about the structure the document rather than just the text. 
don't encrypt rich text documents. 
why called apple market why should interested apple market over all the others. 
guys i'm astounded and disappointed. 
basically they've been down for roughly week and now this message was posted via reddit their blackbank team account. 
know you're afraid and i'm afraid too that mdparity will never ever come backbut answer all your questionsmy messages here aren't usually pgp signed but there are only persons who have credentials for this profilei can't believe mdparity has decided exit scam now has done i'm astonished but believe hasn't done some might have happened him since he's not answering messagesi will give him until the first day june before declaring blackbank dead let's wait toghethermrdoe fortunately this won't affect very much but nonetheless i'm sad. 
that's fine like money too. 
however there's anywhere want cash the honest vendors who keep this thing going. 
i'm grateful all you honest vendors. 
i'll support you when can. 
you challenge putin single combat and win hear owes you any favor. 
managed create pgp key alright but when using safe mail can't find option encrypt decrypt with that. 
it's been long time and really miss her. 
found this pastebin that had list fake onions used conduct mitm attacks tor users collecting passwords and possibly injecting code through transparent proxy these onions. 
tmg this list and the onion address that cloned similar the real one. 
com ihpwhcehif the onion address given proxy tmg wouldn't good for the admins investigate this number the user accounts and registrations could have been compromised. 
haven't followed the address check the proxy still active but has anyone else seen this what's the story here. 
i'll check out alphabay. 
i'm using your mom. 
xdjust kidding truthfully have tails liveusb that use laptop that currently has lubuntu loaded. 
but don't get the darknet much mainly only into the chatrooms. 
found its marketplace see. 
why would you use tails you can make more secure setup your own. 
far abraxas has been smooth and there's good amount vendors setting shop there. 
alphabay has been fucking shit for the past couple weeks don't know what's there besides the influx traffic from this week. 
trying verify some vendors abraxas currently but they seem not check messages often. 
right now apart from tmg favorite nucleus very professional user friendly interface easy the eyes works everytime login and most importantly has few favorite vendors with agora unreliable opinion looks set take over from evoi like middleearth but that's because i'm crossbreed between elve and hobbit. 
nice post snacktime will stay agora and tmg exclusively until further noticecheers. 
always heard about tails but never knew really what was until now. 
doing this very soon thanks. 
from logikboom march pmhi guys seem have misplaced pgp public key how earth get back where can ask show again please someone assist what software are you using you're using tails and you forgot backup your keyrings then you're likely outta luck. 
need and i'll best help you. 
made public complaint about their pin system failing and minutes later account gone with all money can someone please see what profile says. 
glad not that market even though nothing tied irl identity. 
will never again trust another market such dhl ftw santa. 
these are factory nik reagent tests. 
they will sold cost. 
there enough interest will follow your vendor thread directions. 
with inanna this one. 
they back and running now and doing great. 
from sillywabbit february amquote from uncleal february amquote from sillywabbit february pmvery likely although from the rise other markets the fact that evo and agora are still. 
could get that crazymaybe new decentrailized mail service need. 
with your current opsec you're currently most likely better off than over half the buyers the darknet. 
don't give fake info because the receiver must show pick the money and you need take back your cash because they couldn't pick something went wrong then you are fucked because you need get back your money from the failed transaction. 
from snacktime july amso having some trouble. 
someone can walk through this that would stmore than likely driver issue. 
try reading the following page see your printer model mentioned. 
com announcing dymo sdk for linux also try this page. 
com online support spitfire. 
ahoy flight said your understanding the process spot. 
was also able decrypt your message with problems well done. 
now your next challenge post your public key this thread. 
and send can encrypt you message. 
hadn't gotten deep enough miss blackbank but bummed see the way shifty scumbag dinosaur. 
i'm going place faith and cash the hands stranger keeping the market's escrow systems involved feels like bringing another equally untrustworthy stranger for good reason. 
from our end our first thought that's alot extra work per order. 
would very happy for someone tell we're wrong. 
before little rant i'd like reiterate the convenience and most importantly security running storing vitually everything you tor and these markets external drive usb flash drive etc. 
i've had such hard time with pgp for mac. 
couple years ago used portablepgp but when recently got back using have errors coming from the terminal saying that java jce files aren't signed correctly something that effect. 
i've heard mixed opinions. 
answer the two people above every pgp program i've ever used requires you format your encrypted message plain text unless course the program does its own which easy any basic text editing program. 
much easier windows and actually the creator pgp encryption has stated something the effect won't personally use macs because they don't work well with pgp. 
have both operating systems that have switch between because also from what i've learned observed mac just less secure when using tor general. 
anyone knows simple and safe mac friendly encryption software understand problem with the java jce i've literally tried everything i'd love some input. 
the same goes for those online pgp encrypt decrypt services which won't name here. 
hello there have seen many warnings before posting links the clearnet why this already accessed the clearnet and darknet the same time ignorance and hope that haven't made any mistakes. 
that feeling invincibility not all what i'm feeling haha. 
none this will help. 
bios firmware the most basic component computer system. 
hard coded instructions that bootstrap the system can run. 
without bios your computer fancy paperweight. 
bad bios flash would result completely unresponsive computer. 
when computer running system management mode god mode. 
can access secret super special instructions that can write directly firmware flash bios. 
would think the only way prevent this have write disabled the bios but not quite sure even that would work. 
read the articlesit explains how works. 
equationgroup are the most dangerous hackers out there right now. 
and they have even infiltrated the systems people who develop crypto softwarethink about thatfor all you know your next update gpg what have you has the rootkit embedded and. 
gee all you have give the permissions install and bam your fucked. 
your whole system owned. 
all your personal data. 
all your encrypted messages. 
far that all have seen. 
it's true greenbuddy what sad day indeed. 
someone mentioned this one before and post here. 
supposedly multi sig only which promising. 
does anyone have any ideas where the zfc ymshnfw teaqtxrrcbku hayl address could've come from swear copy pasted from the private message. 
you can't edit those after they're sent right coins still unspent. 
i'm totally confused not mention broke physical wallet. 
dat was broken into too eur there too. 
it's funny when you say they you're really only talking about the nsa dea. 
most other agencies actually love tor and all it's users makes their secret communication harder unmask. 
maybe love isn't the right word here need maybe appreciate either way more security always better. 
espacially once you've registered their list privacy conscious person best keep your security not allow them see even they are watching. 
all new this the usuall means purchasing just unreliable please where start for god sake and ain't computer nerd either. 
onion low randomized fees when you deposit coins into your bitcoin blender account will take low randomized fee between. 
read below for active and the the best market placescheers. 
canada gfn went direct would never need use market ever again. 
anything this more proof that hos whoever major target law enforcement and that really shouldn't talking about this business the clearnet anywhere than any notion that the whole sub just honeypot. 
trying train myself never use clearnet via tor anymore but must close browser and log with new identity and new tor circuit. 
that safe never hit reddit but there some emails that are clearnet and some review sites. 
from november pmalphabay's going through major phishing outbreak. 
moneygram has tendency flag payments sent that are obviously people you don't know. 
they cancelled transaction was sending egypt and they flagged for some silly reason. 
took weeks get money back from moneygram. 
now only use western union. 
they've given issues whatsoever and always send instantly. 
from skallywaggins november pmwhat makes you certain it's exit scam serioulsy hope not our just lost huge amount money i'm sure did everyone else including yourself. 
but you seem certain it's officially exit scam looks like duck and waddles like duck and quacks like duck then probably duck. 
feel your pain the tune around but the joke should never have left that the wallet. 
just opened account over there and for the life can seem find the forum token for the life lol. 
this the link use. 
onion i've never used the 'rotation' ones. 
hmm you probably right. 
but then again hate the thought making easy for them they gonna spy least they should working their asses off. 
russia don't give fuck long the right pockets are getting lined. 
just got locked out its unbelieveable. 
looking for new market buy warez. 
dude don't make these kinds claims and allegations unless you've done your research and can back your claims with solid facts. 
you're going that paranoid don't use agora. 
i'm taking break from agora for personal reasons for little while myself. 
net but those emails don't get checked very often unless agora down for prolonged period. 
can't believe those were only rated are you sure you didn't mix them with the asian xtal you are advertising coming soon the keyboard phone was melting under fingertps the colors were all over the place and the dark with eyes closed green red spiderwebs fractals everywhere. 
got any more info this where look edit okay it's deepdotweb. 
it's been said from the beginning. 
really don't hope turns out true. 
and you use tails you'll able open truecrypt volume. 
html but you'd need setup administrative password. 
you wouldn't have the ability setup hidden volume though. 
it's you decide you need that not. 
the owner sheep marketplace thomas ikovsk who was responsible one the biggest exit scam dark net history around the time when the bitcoin value was extremely high was arrest for money laundering after purchasing luxury house and trying launder the stolen money after converting from btc using fake companies and transferring his girlfriend account. 
from undetermined july amhi all been out for while and probably missed out some things that happen but seems that the kingdom forum not active any more. 
stay the safe free sideyeah there different now don have anymore but like why seemed like absolutely nothing was going over there and what was was garbage. 
not had single problem with helix. 
just register for account though the heliz light doesnt sound safe for larger amounts. 
what's with that agora link that pishing link did they just add second url. 
means either there was remaining balance left unpaid the sender didn't pay for the postage all. 
maybe your sender dropped the package into dropbox forgetting put the postage stamp i've done that before but realized immediately and had them send someone out open the box could affix the stamp. 
you should fine they won't make you sign for unless course required signature anyway just for unpaid postage there's nothing that could validate search and seizure warrant. 
you're concerned all though just make sure you clean house before gets back. 
trust these guys here more than care say. 
appreciate the shit out this. 
from trufflelover october amhas anything good come out dhl seems like it's scarce and not many vendors there have many reviews any all. 
would love grab invite well but i'll wait until can actually buy something from dhl make use. 
yeah from now it's gonna dedicated virtual machine for all bitcoin tor dealings. 
also time leave windows for good shit they got steam linux now checked pms both outboxes only address there albions. 
pretty sure that's address. 
this type stuff has been argued endlessly over the years. 
frankly this pretty much waste time. 
bit keys are good enough. 
they were are certainly good enough for snowden laura poitras and glenn greenwald these people are directly the nsa line fire they don use larger keys then see little reason for anyone else. 
the godself print think only albertheijn has these tabs was evo but now that's gone has thread here but the inactive vendors section link below. 
onion jsmfnq it's the godself tabs you're talking about it's nice hear they're strong only have few myself and yet try them what would you guess half were the oevs strong you could report them the thread linked below i'm sure all those involved would appreciate. 
any advice would greatly appreciated cheers rhett. 
knew this would happening over and over again. 
really appreciate what would really good place for new person like start buying stuff from here like really into cannabis and live the extreme south coast unsure anything safe order here not hmm also heard that you shoudn't order anything sent your address why that this true where should have stuff sent what your most reliable place how many times have you made transaction sorry for all the questions these are just things really want know. 
captain captain thanks for taking the time reply and help out friend need i've been playing around with gpg fair bit now and actually feel quite confident with the basic process however there seems one major stumbling block. 
the format the messages i've contacted two different vendors and each time they've sent encrypted messages have been unable open them. 
online friend was able reformat into the 'correct' way and hey presto worked. 
the only one that has come across such obstacle there easier smoother way around any thoughts info advice would greatly appreciated don't want involve party each time want open message. 
from summa iru april pmthe godself print think only albertheijn has these tabs was evo but now that's gone has thread here but the inactive vendors section link below. 
thanks for the detailed response summa think was the godself ones could probably rate half easily could more bought them locally country but now nobody has them was just sold alex greys not godself jealous that's the same batch you guys have your hands. 
i'd more inclined try some the newer guys there was something like this place. 
i'll avoid giving you karma too for now since seem remember you saying something about wanting stay negative thread here somewhere. 
not sure now don understand the security issues that threatened agora and all that. 
think will make sense anyway people need opiate else they going revolt. 
certainly the government favour have stoned population. 
use grams regularly for the vendor reviews and btc services. 
never use actually search for things. 
negative from shady vendors tends disappear the markets. 
also use verify pgp keys when possible. 
from alberthoffman march pmare you working for agora defending them dude why the hell should lie about swedish sek bitcoint wallet agora that was stoleni read other forums like reddit that happened another guy they stole hes money and they answered him support that had some keylogger virus that got into hes wallet thats bullshit computer secure possible working with and computer eyes they are scammers and wont deposit there anything morehow long ago did you send message support there and what did they say. 
but they could shutting down for good this time know who knows but probably agora's not going away just yet guess. 
the page refreshes saying you successfully generated new address but it's the same before there are problems with deposits. 
remember reading somewhere that sharedcoin blockchain isn't good the proper tumbling services will try and remember and post the link. 
all reality don't think this bios infector going hit allot people any way that's going compromise our freedoms. 
and did and think allot people would lose faith our government they knew that all their private data was not really private. 
far what it's mass scale that think would only show that very large body the population enjoy and benefit from using certain drugs and any resistance futile. 
don think you disappointed. 
and the way usually picks business when markets big agora are down. 
check mark only the vendor's key that you are sending the message. 
it's just money after all. 
and guess there's still time score some acid friend for christmas metta. 
even the guy who might've stolen the coins. 
the first step get people exchange bitcoin pubkeys they can generate the same address and confirm that the one provided the escrow agent isn't fake. 
maybe could throw vendors personal sites there well i've got one know albion does and gamma. 
from thefieldmouse april pmquotewhat's the advantages buying direct off vendors site verses buying direct off vendor through email well nothing too much. 
vendors storing information darknet issue whether it's market email vendor site. 
thefieldmouse hits the nail the head during orders through email more time consuming since people don't have darknet emails all the time. 
any know something about this marketit seems like scam. 
i've never been had any problems with alpha though keep seeing much reports them scamming this and that. 
its frustrating that really can't catch these scammers. 
we're doing some reasearch abraxes alphabay middleearth nucleus marketplaces. 
yea think going with that orange sunshines were another option but tried them before and they made kinda racy agitated and not answering that's that. 
actually now that just went through the process again make sure make sure when you're exporting your new private key name. 
asc your usb desktop that you pick the option the bottom right 'armored pgp keys'. 
and once again this only for tails i've idea otherwise. 
trying set managed work out what need with electron but now need sign transactions which electron can. 
support says use coinb. 
don't don't about east indian company but there are other well established markets like alphabay nucleus. 
looking whether was legit hack. 
the person claiming have hacked the person claiming group people who will target single market and create much fud surrounding the market possible public forums hopes that the owner will pay get their help fixing the vulnerability. 
that not say they aren capable actually hacking though. 
imagine that alice wishes send bitcoins bob. 
alice would rather not have anyone know that she sent bob bitcoins. 
alice enters bob's bitcoin address into the form bitlaundry and selects delivery schedule. 
alice sends her bitcoins that address and they get all mixed with bitlaundry's other bitcoins. 
bitlaundry waits until alice's bitcoins are received with confirmations. 
bitlaundry deletes the database link between the one time use address and bob's address. 
bitlaundry sends bitcoins out bob according the delivery schedule. 
however that's probably pretty unlikely. 
now instead using cpu moved better solution gpu. 
agree with what's been said about the dhl. 
couldn't find any dmt. 
have look for somewhere else and don't like having too many accounts around. 
sltrue should get the good drshrooms check the league. 
hello dark net friends pleasure with you all. 
our mission safety will listing more products the near future will working becoming available every market soon possible. 
you wanna know what now you can and through encrypted msg's can share what but again patient may take wihle for able login again dont email pgp key address its bogus. 
would stay away from russia based recent announcements ban tor. 
quoting myselfquote from banana jack april pmi think any country with enough political capital able pull off withstanding pressures from the western economies would only benefitted them. 
russia does not like tor just because anonymity but because usa government developed program too. 
any countries that feel could lead national privacy intrusion will not help readily unless their political interests. 
btc payments work with individuals and not large governments. 
you could limit traffic their country they might support defience. 
note not original content obtained off another forum resourceful appearance led share this here for others. 
please feel free adding editing auditing here within accordance improving opsec for all. 
maybe not much probability advancement for some but maybe this successfully profit some none the less. 
safe protect you neck. 
firefox configuration more now must perform bit surgery the browser the address bar type 'about config' and hit enter. 
you will get warning about warranty it's fine just click the accept button they have out for and promise wont anything crazy destroy your browser long you follow these intructions you search for these things you will notice that tor does indeed disable few these not all first lets disable firefox's storage settings search set 'dom. 
enabled' set 'false'phew that was close one huh next lets enable the dns proxy bypass usually auto enabled tor disabled other browsers search set 'network. 
socks remote dns' set 'true'now lets disable prefetching prefetching allows the browser get things you might view once again the future and may disastrous search set 'network. 
prefetch next' 'false'you will want make javascript. 
javascript value false turn off java important disable google's blacklist really google that sneaky disabled tor other browsers may not search set 'browser. 
enabled' 'false'disable referers that little redirection that can also prove malicious search set 'network. 
'false'lets also disable pings here while we're itsearch set 'browser. 
send pings' 'false' set 'browser. 
require same host' 'true'now disable suggestions disabled tor browser not others search 'browser. 
enabled' 'false'disable certificates optional google that's joke don't google use duckduckgo. 
com this and see its right for you although you are clever enough know what's danger and what not online then set search set 'browser. 
ssl override behavior' 'now keywords search set 'keyword. 
enabled' 'false'lastly disable geolocation was not done tor other browserssearch set 'geo. 
enabled' 'false'now your browser's application. 
ini your browser's folder open and find the following line crash reporter enabled and change the. 
now how about add ons even though addons may seem like waste there are few particular add ons that are worth looking into tor comes with few add ons built i'll leave those out. 
adblock plus disables ads pop ups well prevents you from being tracked ads ghostery all know that many websites maybe dont use small. 
gif trackers embedding them somewhere the background track where you are going next. 
this add keeps fresh updated list sites that have them and disables them. 
install and tick select all. 
better privacy some cookies just can't seem destroyed for whatever deep down know why means this bad boy add does the trick and nukes them from the face your hddand for the advanced requestpolicy it's pretty interesting add that's bit difficult set just right but it's just important. 
this add helps block things that appear website that not originate from that particular website but are hosted elsewhere. 
again google everywhere google will find way find you. 
even you give and type google. 
com for search query. 
hopefully this helps all you out bit. 
you are using tails you are going need reconfigure tor every time you use since tails removes all saved configuration and sweeps everything clean. 
for those who use say tor with another browser does happen. 
then the addons tor browser has built are callednoscript everywhere. 
make sure you using caps. 
from poppasmurf october pmdoes anybody have referral link for darknet heroes league please send it'd much appreciated. 
sorry for the complete noob question hereas dont see having been asked and losing mind the thoughtabraxas being down have alot btc know btc wallet address whatever for abraxas there any way transfer btcto another site when sign there just dead and gone until abraxas abraxas actually comes back life. 
it's hard coded instructions that bootstrap the system can run. 
read the articles explains how works. 
and they have even infiltrated the systems people who develop crypto software think about that for all you know your next update gpg what have you has the rootkit embedded and. 
good was real pain set manually. 
ulbricht guilty silk road online drug trafficking trialjury convicts seven counts doesn't believe ulbricht was just the fall guy. 
he'll sentenced separate proceeding few months. 
the verdict was read ulbricht's father kirk ulbricht held his head. 
it's not the end ulbricht's mother lyn ulbricht said her son was escorted from the courtroom. 
ulbricht's defense attorney joshua dratel told reporters gathered outside the courthouse that plans appeal. 
dratel said the judge presiding over the trial hampered his defense excluding evidence and witnesses position echoed the defendant's mother. 
dratel didn't say much about the negotiations before the trial but did say the government didn't make meaningful offer that would have reduced ulbricht's possible sentence. 
during closing arguments tuesday dratel told jurors that the data authorities seized from ulbricht's computer connecting him the site could have been created others. 
dratel has said his client who did not take the stand had created the site but was the fall guy for the site's real operators. 
there's dispute when the defendant was arrested was logged dread pirate roberts prosecutor serrin turner told jurors. 
there were little elves that put all that evidence the defendant's computer. 
com ihpwhcehif the onion address given proxy tmg wouldn good for the admins investigate this number the user accounts and registrations could have been compromised. 
haven followed the address check the proxy still active but has anyone else seen this what the story here. 
i'm sorry you have problem with the way speak. 
don't think invalidates points. 
pmed the vendor albion who know trustworthy and general awesome human being was really confused what happened and told that can't see the money. 
please admins techwizards help out here. 
nope can see either. 
sure long you can get connection don't see why not public wifi used many surf the darknet. 
i'm looking for marketplace where industrial mahinery and operation manuals are offered. 
from oldisgold february pmwhat the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now blond wigfog would say that bitcoinfog the best. 
once ross was busted they had access his servers and his computers and anything that wasn't encrypted was wide open for them look. 
don't store the passphrase your hard drive somewhere. 
still the actual drive just it's location data has been removed. 
the idea that instead removing the file's location you need overwrite the file with random data that becomes unrecoverable. 
what you feel most comfortable with but even think passes would sufficient although wouldn't hurt every now and then run passes and just leave overnight. 
com ccleanernext we're going talk about removing harmful metadata from files and some other topics well. 
but what shame mean just the same agenda our gov. 
seriously wonder what kind people get selected for these kind casesi can almost guarantee they were middle the road conservative mind yer and darlin super religious loving tools. 
don matter anyway judge has final say. 
our whole gov still run bunch stuffy suits who can imagine genius like ulbrichtbeing able what did and allowing continue. 
because have bunch ofoutdated and immoral laws that say you this. 
life prison and know what all boils down. 
and ulbricht might looking life behind bars for what how did hurt anyone what was immoral about anything did aside from the calling hits accusations. 
same idiots the mediain officerunning the same lies games. 
lost their own head issues what wrong the worldwhen really the only thing that wrong what inside what happened the heart the love. 
all fucking money and who charge who can fuck who betterwho has the biggest cock. 
tired all this shit. 
photo taken with gps enabled camera can reveal the exact location and time was taken and the unique number the device this all done default often without the user's knowledge. 
the photo's metadata included gps coordinates locating mcafee guatemala and was captured two days later. 
there not such thing love avengers marketplaceis just lame attempt scam phish and tarnish lsd avengers reputation. 
this stuff had here. 
it's not perfect but probably the best introduction the subject available the internet. 
always don't trust blindly what you read but your own research and act accordingly. 
originally coming from the hub. 
i'm just copy and pasting. 
this hasn't been updated since but it's still pretty accurate. 
i'd advice against opening youtube videos and externally downloaded videos documents linked this article the same computer you are using tor. 
better download what you really want see encrypted usb stick and use off line machine watch disconnect your computer from the internet and use live you can trust view your documents while off line reboot while you are done. 
would better disable javascript visit anything linked this thread. 
click the green onion privacy and security settings set high. 
type about config the address bar search for javascript. 
enabled set false using tails you'll have that again each time you reboot. 
better safe than sorry. 
happy reading thread table secure communication tor ssl. 
msg msg pgp tails virtual box. 
msg msg pgp continued. 
msg msg whole disk encryption and file shredding. 
msg msg javascript and removing personal metadata from files. 
msg msg general security precautions when posting online learn from others' mistakes. 
msg msg exif data. 
msg msg retaining lawyer how handle getting caught interrogated. 
msg msg combining tor with vpn. 
msg msg combining tor with vpn continued. 
msg msg tracking cookies. 
msg msg learning from others' mistakes. 
libertas dpr sabu lulzsec. 
msg msg how far will law enforcement. 
msg msg fraudulent private messages. 
how they busted sabu. 
sabu became fbi informant and betrayed jeremy hammond. 
msg msg where you might consider running you had other choice. 
msg msg securing your account from fbi monitoring. 
msg msg invincibility mindset federal government bullying tactics. 
msg msg how connect tor over top tor. 
msg msg how verify your downloaded files are authentic. 
msg msg verifying signed messages with signatures and signing your own messages. 
msg msg example really bad opsec smarten. 
msg msg tor chat. 
msg msg obtaining sending and receiving bitcoins anonymously. 
msg msg clearnet hidden services why you should careful. 
msg msg they are watching you viruses malware. 
msg msg monitoring you with antenna. 
msg msg cookies javascript revisited plus flash cookies and other browser tracking. 
msg msg few simple. 
msg msg cold boot attacks unencrypted ram extraction. 
msg msg the strengh cryptography and anonymity when used properly. 
msg msg pgp gpg email addresses. 
msg msg another scam email beware. 
msg msg introduction expert opsec plus sha checksums. 
msg msg obvious when you are using tor. 
msg msg are you using safe mail. 
msg msg localbitcoins part police are watching. 
msg msg localbitcoins part thieves scammers and counterfeit bills. 
msg msg localbitcoins part more scam stories. 
msg msg localbitcoins part sellers busted for money laundering. 
msg msg hiding tor from your isp part bridges and pluggable transports. 
msg msg capabilities the nsa. 
msg msg why you should always back your drives especially encrypted drives. 
msg msg bitcoin clients tails blockchain and electrum. 
msg msg yet another example how strong cryptopgraphy and proper opsec can protect even pedophiles. 
msg msg deniability identifying tails users and can you forced give your passwords. 
msg msg jolly roger gave btc address the topic for those who want donate him. 
didn't copy here i'm not sure can still access his wallet. 
you want donate him you'll find this address the original thread linked top this post. 
ssl socks localhost port don't you need use port. 
i'm glad that justice finally being served. 
from dancingbear march amblond wig fog taking very long time deposits and withdrawals there any other service way tumble coins that worth too would like know this used have confidence fog but the recent events make very nervous push any sizeable amount coin through their service. 
either you're really bad captchas it's cache problem. 
yeah just tried log into dhl check order had shipped apparently that's down well. 
we'll back within hrs maximum. 
i'll keep you updated. 
from august pmwhat would you say about simply using mobile pgp program and using text messages have you ever tried decrypt encrypt message android device the last time tried took minuets. 
you bought the coins for cash from someone who doesn't know you then you're proabably fine. 
from crypto february amlet's. 
glory elated find you've made the garden crypto you are sight for sore eyes. 
hope you've brought your spade while await more people express interest anyone who would like get head start should head over our irc server address and instructions located below. 
just del he's and he'll get touch with should happen available that time. 
it's excellent server with numerous knowledgable active members and advocate anyone join regardless their interest multisig club. 
well shame lost ewhy still hidden wiki. 
from odonata august pmhi any gpg usb users here have issue with decrypting tmg members pgp message. 
what doing wrong please thank youyou may not doing anything wrong may that the message was not encrypted your pgp key. 
your pgp key pub key fingerprint acbf fduid odonata. 
org sub had hazard guess i'd say that the other party encrypted the message key that doesn't belong you perhaps they encrypted with their own pgp key. 
i'll you message encrypted your key you should able decrypt easily. 
honestly don't know too much about just thougt interesting topic share here. 
the wallet window appears and takes couple minutes sync and then balance appears the lower left corner and i'm good. 
might that you're trying connect specific server which isn't running the time. 
sounds like isn agora specific problem. 
for opsec would refrain from any markets the moment. 
the protocol part depends the server you're trying connect. 
haven't been able use ckl obj gypcu. 
you're using tails for example other linux with 'tor' package installed you can use you only have the browser bundle you have use. 
malware common through other vectors that people are over protective their os'. 
i'm almost sure this was error generating your key. 
this completely normal when there many connections once. 
the address belongs the local network interface that the server using internally. 
'there have been reports coins moving from the eic deposit address which can only viewed the action admins moving the stolen coins their own wallets. 
exit scams these days are just another liability the cost using the dnm's. 
thanks lot for your help and your welcome captain and james isn real name also does anyone know public pgp key too short. 
make sure you know pgp nothing safe stuff can always get intercepted bad vendor lost mail etc. 
all your other questions can't help you with. 
everybodyi absolutely not new the dnms but completely new the direct sale trade. 
guess going use electrum embedded tails proceed the payments but little bit scared about the errors could. 
boot tails with usb flash but didn configure persistent volume and not really fond that option clearly prefer opt for small card storage device. 
question use electrum even don enable persistence the launch electrum tails advises strongly recommended only run electrum when its persistence feature activated. 
following step tails tells electrum could not find existing wallet what you want create new wallet restore existing wallet from its seed create watching only version existing walletwhy doesn ask look for wallet another device was idea store card stupid idea only choice restore wallet from its seed when have created wallet now want send funds wallet. 
thanks the both you mainly use electrum but sometimes i'm forced use onine wallets when don't have usb. 
i'm always preparing for every scenario. 
even have technique use pull usb out computer the event get raided while i'm the darknet. 
i'd rather let competent people make the security suite. 
htmlthe investigation discloses the following two servers germany berlin and nuremberg are under surveillance the nsa. 
merely searching the web for the privacy enhancing software tools outlined the xkeyscore rules causes the nsa mark and track the address the person doing the search. 
not only are german privacy software users tracked but the source code shows that privacy software users worldwide are tracked the nsa. 
among the nsa's targets the tor network funded primarily the government aid democracy advocates authoritarian states. 
the xkeyscore rules reveal that the nsa tracks all connections server that hosts part anonymous email service the mit computer science and artificial intelligence laboratory csail cambridge massachusetts. 
also records details about visits popular internet journal for linux operating system users called the linux journal the original magazine the linux community and calls extremist forum. 
small server that looks like any the other dozens the same row. 
large room devoted computers and computer storage just like every other room this industrial park building tower street just outside the city nuremberg. 
that the grey building surrounded barbed wire seems indicate that the servers' provider working hard secure their customers' data. 
yet despite these efforts one the servers targeted the nsa. 
explicitly specified the rules the powerful and invasive spy software program xkeyscore. 
the code published here exclusively for the first time. 
after year nsa revelations based documents that focus program names and high level powerpoint presentations ndr and wdr are revealing nsa source code that shows how these programs function and how they are implemented germany and around the world. 
months investigation the german public television broadcasters ndr and wdr drawing exclusive access top secret nsa source code interviews with former nsa employees and the review secret documents the german government reveal that not only the server nuremberg under observation the nsa but virtually anyone who has taken interest several well known privacy software systems. 
the nsa program xkeyscore collection and analysis tool and computer network exploitation system described nsa presentation. 
one the agency most ambitious programs devoted gathering nearly everything user does the internet. 
the source code contains several rules that enable agents using xkeyscore surveil privacy conscious internet users around the world. 
the rules published here are specifically directed the infrastructure and the users the tor network the tails operating system and other privacy related software. 
tor also known the onion router network several thousand volunteer operated servers nodes that work concert conceal tor users' addresses and thus keep them anonymous while online. 
tails privacy focused gnu linux based operating system that runs entirely from external storage device such usb stick. 
comes with tor and other privacy tools pre installed and configured and each time reboots automatically wipes everything that not saved encrypted persistent storage medium. 
normally user's online traffic such emails instant messages searches visits websites can attributed the address assigned them their internet service provider. 
when user goes online over the tor network their connections are relayed through number tor nodes using another layer encryption between each server such that the first server cannot see where the last server located and vice versa. 
tor used private individuals who want conceal their online activity human rights activists oppressive regimes such china and iran journalists who want protect their sources and even the. 
drug enforcement agency their efforts infiltrate criminal groups without revealing their identity. 
the tor project non profit charity based massachusetts and primarily funded government agencies. 
thus ironic that the tor network has become such high priority target the nsa's worldwide surveillance system. 
revealed the british newspaper the guardian there have been repeated efforts crack the tor network and anonymize its users. 
the top secret presentations published october last year show that tor anathema the nsa. 
one presentation agents refer the network the king high secure low latency internet anonymity. 
another titled tor stinks. 
despite the snide remarks the agents admit will never able anonymize all tor users all the time. 
the former nsa director general keith alexander stated that all those communicating with encryption will regarded terror suspects and will monitored and stored method prevention quoted the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung august last year. 
the top secret source code published here indicates that the nsa making concerted effort combat any and all anonymous spaces that remain the internet. 
merely visiting privacy related websites enough for user's address logged into nsa database. 
examination the xkeyscore rules published here goes beyond the slide presentation and provides window into the actual instructions given nsa computers. 
the code was deployed recently and former nsa employees and experts are convinced that the same code similar code still use today. 
the xkeyscore rules include elements known appids fingerprints and microplugins. 
each connection user makes online search engine for example can assigned single appid and any number fingerprints. 
appids are unique identifiers for connection xkeyscore. 
appid rules have weights assigned them. 
when multiple appids match given connection the one with the highest weight chosen. 
microplugins may contain software written general purpose programming languages such which can extract and store specific types data. 
the rules specifically target the tor project's email and web infrastructure well servers operated key volunteers germany the united states sweden austria and the netherlands. 
beyond being ethically questionable the attacks tor also raise legal concerns. 
the addresses tor servers the united states are amongst the targets which could violate the fourth amendment the constitution. 
the german attorney thomas stadler who specializes law commented the fact that german citizen specifically traced the nsa opinion justifies the reasonable suspicion the nsa carrying out secret service activities germany. 
for this reason the german federal public prosecutor should look into this matter and initiate preliminary proceedings. 
one nsa's german targets. 
the string numbers address assigned sebastian hahn computer science student the university erlangen. 
hahn operates the server out grey high security building few kilometers from where lives. 
hahn years old and sporting red beard volunteers for the tor project his free time. 
especially trusted the tor community his server not just node called directory authority. 
there are nine these worldwide and they are central the tor network they contain index all tor nodes. 
user's traffic automatically directed one the directory authorities download the newest list tor relays generated each hour. 
hahn's predecessor named the server gabelmoo fork man the nickname local statue poseidon. 
after look the nsa source code hahn quickly found his server's name listed the xkeyscore rules. 
yes recognize the address tor server called 'gabelmoo'. 
millions people use stay safe online and watching the server and collecting metadata about its users those people are put risk. 
the rule shown hahn published below has fingerprint called 'anonymizer tor node authority'. 
the fingerprint targets users who connect gabelmoo and other tor directory authority servers. 
germany the tor directory authorities like gabelmoo that are specifically targeted xkeyscore rules are berlin and nuremberg. 
additional targets are located austria sweden the united states and the netherlands. 
the expression below performs essentially the same function but specifies the tor directory authorities located five eyes countries australia canada new zealand the united kingdom and the united states separately from those other countries. 
the comment explains the goal find potential tor clients connecting the tor directory servers. 
another rule catalogs users connecting known tor relays. 
this not difficult because the addresses all normal tor relays are published the directory authorities that the tor software users' computers can select its own path through the network. 
addition the public relays connections characterized tor based protocol identifiers are also cataloged. 
internet service providers countries with strong censorship such china and iran frequently block connections known tor relays. 
avoid this blocking the tor project maintains list non public relays called bridges allow users avoid this type blocking. 
bridges are run volunteers and they share the details with the tor project help censored users reach the internet. 
users can request bridge address via email the web. 
the following fingerprints show two ways that xkeyscore attempts track tor bridge users. 
first the fingerprint anonymizer tor bridge tls records connections the bridges. 
second order obtain the actual bridge addresses for the purpose tracking connections them the future the microplugin fingerprint called anonymizer tor bridge email extracts data from the body the emails that the tor project sends its users. 
this code demonstrates the ease with which xkeyscore rule can analyze the full content intercepted connections. 
the fingerprint first checks every message using the email address function see the message from bridges torproject. 
next the address matched uses the email body function search the full content the email for particular piece text this case. 
the email body function finds what looking for passes the full email text program which extracts the bridge addresses and stores them database. 
the full content the email must already intercepted before this code can analyze. 
xkeyscore also keeps track people who are not using tor but who are merely visiting the tor project's website. 
interesting note that this rule specifically avoids fingerprinting users believed located five eyes countries while other rules make such distinction. 
for instance the following fingerprint targets users visiting the tails and linux journal websites performing certain web searches related tails and makes distinction about the country the user. 
the comment the source code above describes tails comsec mechanism advocated extremists extremist forums. 
actuality the software used journalists human rights activists and hundreds thousands ordinary people who merely wish protect their privacy. 
the rules related tails clearly demonstrate how easily web searches and website visits can spied xkeyscore. 
june the united states supreme court noted how sensitive this type information their riley. 
california decision against warrantless searches mobile phones internet search and browsing history. 
could reveal individual private interests concerns perhaps search for certain symptoms disease coupled with frequent visits webmd. 
addition anonymous internet access tor also provides mechanism for hosting anonymous internet services called hidden services. 
these sites' urls contain domain name the pseudo top level domain. 
onion which only accessible using tor. 
the code shown below finds and catalogs urls for these sites which xkeyscore sees raw traffic creating unique fingerprint for each onion address. 
onion address found raw traffic extracted and stored nsa database. 
there are also rules that target users numerous other privacy focused internet services including hotspotshield freenet centurian freeproxies. 
and anonymous email service called mixminion well its predecessor mixmaster. 
the appid rule for mixminion extremely broad matches all traffic from the address. 
server located the mit campus. 
that server operated the tor project's leader roger dingledine mit alumnus. 
the machine this address provides many services besides mixminion and also one the above mentioned tor directory authorities. 
dingledine said that computer hosts many websites ranging from open source gaming libraries the privacy enhancing technologies symposium website. 
sebastian hahn the tor volunteer who runs gabelmoo was stunned learn that his hobby could interest the nsa this shows that tor working well enough that tor has become target for the intelligence services. 
for this means that will definitely ahead with the project. 
when asked for reaction the findings the tor project's roger dingledine stated the following we've been thinking state surveillance for years because our work places where journalists are threatened. 
tor's anonymity based distributed trust observing traffic one place the tor network even directory authority isn't enough break. 
tor has gone mainstream the past few years and its wide diversity users from civic minded individuals and ordinary consumers activists law enforcement and companies part its security. 
just learning that somebody visited the tor tails website doesn't tell you whether that person journalist source someone concerned that her internet service provider will learn about her health conditions just someone irked that cat videos are blocked her location. 
trying make list tor's millions daily users certainly counts wide scale collection. 
their attack the bridge address distribution service shows their collect all the things mentality it's worth emphasizing that designed bridges for users countries like china and iran and here are finding out about attacks our own country. 
does reading the contents those mails violate the wiretap act now understand how the google engineers felt when they learned about the attacks their infrastructure. 
ndr and wdr wanted know from the nsa how justified attacking service funded the. 
government under what legal authority tor network users are monitored and whether the german government has any knowledge the targeting servers germany. 
instead adressing the questions repeatedly posed them the nsa provided the following statement carrying out its mission nsa collects only what authorized law collect for valid foreign intelligence purposes regardless the technical means used foreign intelligence targets. 
the communications people who are not foreign intelligence targets are use the agency. 
january president obama issued. 
presidential policy directive which affirms that all persons regardless nationality have legitimate privacy interests the handling their personal information and that privacy and civil liberties shall integral considerations the planning. 
the president's directive also makes clear that the united states does not collect signals intelligence for the purpose suppressing burdening criticism dissent for disadvantaging persons based their ethnicity race gender sexual orientation religion. 
xkeyscore analytic tool that used part nsa's lawful foreign signals intelligence collection system. 
such tools have stringent oversight and compliance mechanisms built several levels. 
the use xkeyscore allows the agency help defend the nation and protect. 
and allied troops abroad. 
all nsa's operations are conducted strict accordance with the rule law including the president's new directive. 
however the research contradicts the united states' promise germany that german citizens are not surveiled without suspicion. 
using tor germany does not justify targeting someone the german attorney thomas stadler states tor users not breach any laws absolutely legitimate act anonymously the internet. 
there are many good reasons remain anonymous. 
would highly recommend blending your coins via helix once you buy them via bank deposit. 
cuts the tie between yourself and the marketplaces you will use them. 
from purpleturkey january pmi can't figure out the pgp gpg stuff all. 
i've set email account vfemail. 
net which lets set pgp key and email people using the encryption but how send encripted message vendors site who asking for gpg secured message for that matter decode one that got from that vendor their message box their site i'm losing mind here trying figure this out. 
org you need further help just and let know what platform you're using linux windows osx. 
should prompt you for the bridge address you using. 
when configured takes time extra connect. 
they were are certainly good enough for snowden laura poitras and glenn greenwald these people are directly the nsa's line fire they don't use larger keys then see little reason for anyone else. 
even you think they are 'cool' you knew them for long time. 
not only but your 'cool friend' gets wrapped will the first snitch you out. 
the most notorious hackers the world aren't always just sitting behind computer. 
isn't always about how many computer skills you have how many programming languages you can write. 
can social and cordial one another but always keep mind that you don't know the person the other side their agenda. 
you can anything you want anonymous world just don't you. 
often easy use forum such these come and 'hang out. 
doesn't mean you can't snap joke and you have rigid just means take second think before you post something. 
third parties aware third party websites like reddit bitcoin washing services and the possibility fake market. 
don't use the same log ins for every site. 
here you have way start linking your identity you aren't cautious. 
always figurative pain the ass the extra steps secure but don't let become literal pain the ass when you get prison. 
you're for long run follow the rules engagement. 
it's bit lazy and insane just around clicking every link you get the darknet. 
update there are some exceptions this rule when comes new features windows lenovo and other commercial hardware and software manufacturer's. 
states for installing rootkits via columbia records' digital content cds. 
windows user's disable uninstall telemetry updates found windows. 
technology comments clearnet link you don't trust the software you can this manually from the uninstall updates menu and search for each file independently. 
hello anthony and welcome you could start over the active vendors board. 
per usual payment through bitcoin. 
only that has problems with sigaint cutting mail text extreme degrees sometimes sent mail will only one half sentence from whole body text from the mail composed. 
seems very strange and bet theres ridiculously easy explanation but can seem find. 
right now using attached text files for communication which feels bit weird. 
shouldn necessary for mail service heh give vfe try though. 
from pleroma june pmi have used bitcoinfog number times and never had issue but does seem like there are quite few people that have even small amounts which doesn't make sense from scamming point view. 
let's try keep this topic date. 
quotei'm positive that ootp will help you out. 
i'm willing and can't wait until i'm able. 
i'm truly looking forward being helped ootp. 
from undetermined july amhi all i've been out for while and probably missed out some things that happen but seems that the kingdom forum not active any more. 
stay the safe free side yeah there's different now don't have anymore but like why seemed like absolutely nothing was going over there and what was was garbage. 
and nothing here miss evolution don understand because have very good price. 
about weed and very good review grams anyway thanks for answersomeone have good link with market list like hidden wiki. 
seems safe that it's taint mixer that works and won't run away with your coins careful you want use for lot coins though better make few smaller transactions. 
use addresses where the coins will sent this really improve it's security the fee fixed would really easy get back the original transaction you use only one address. 
can't say not surprised. 
will work technically described but probably not you the bitcointalk. 
external attacker bigger threat than internal tor network attacker. 
intel agencies don have run entry exit nodes pwn you since they can tap ixps and gateways between you and your entry guards and between your exit nodes and sites that you visit. 
the nsa taps the exchange point that connects your isp the rest the internet then doesn matter which entry guards you exclude and doesn matter they operate entry guard that your tor client selects they can observe every connection you make any entry guard. 
that easier than waiting for you select their entry guard. 
thanks for the tip bruce can't too safe its really not wise leave communications sitting server somewhere like that can automate this process. 
are aware that you probably aren't behind this but need present you this challenge get authorization cookie view the marketplace. 
don think should recommend any specific providers public forum but you can search around for vpn providers with servers russia eastern europe. 
check the contact information and make sure they are actually headquartered country outside five eyes even western europe. 
lot times you find provider with russian servers but their contact info london nyc. 
you can also rent vps and set your own openvpn server. 
like chain vpn connections for example from computer vpn server country from that server another country and finally from that server russian eastern european server. 
then set entrynodes where the same country the last vpn server. 
from there you can run bittorrent and help that anonymity network the process bittorrent over. 
this provides cover traffic make traffic analysis external observers more difficult. 
this strategy may useful when visiting clearnet sites hidden services that are located five eyes countries western europe. 
hopefully most hidden services are not located those geographical areas making traffic analysis much more difficult even you nothing your end. 
from halfpint august ami would weary switching. 
sounds like isn't agora specific problem. 
much love what said. 
remember this vulnerability issue with tor not just agora. 
thanks for slapping some sense into. 
isn't just the markets could apply this forum well. 
feel like your encrypting your data and taking all the necessary precautions you'll okay though. 
i've been away from the market scene for while but think read several months ago about few top vendors who were planning bypass the markets with their own personal markets. 
did any vendors actually this seems like could have advantages and disadvantages. 
wow postage seems like lot for small package. 
i'd wait while before announcing things like that all coins seem where i've left them. 
from doses lysergic january amit's. 
don't use words such thereupon anymore because they are superfluous figures speech. 
it's old fashioned fancy equivalent like. 
the word used was thereon which doesn't mean anything like like. 
this context it's just more concise way saying the subreddit question. 
don't think there's any basis for arguing that it's archaic word that nobody uses anymore. 
again don't know why we're hung language here was trying make serious argument clearly and logically. 
you've seen two reasoned arguments for the rhetorical use the double negative and have failed address either only repeating your earlier assertion just you failed address the actual substance post the first place. 
either way thoroughly derailing this discussion. 
hope this isn't silly question but there alternate url for know few other markets have given out alternate addresses since initially going down this last time. 
like too but also like dealing with active marketplaces where it's easier for buyer find. 
that being said i'm abraxas and link. 
wtf need some money anyone have advice cheers rhett. 
thanks for all the guidence and help heresome few questions what you mean about note your seed buy cheap laptop remove the harddrive get tails usb sorry dont know what tails but will look. 
know that tails something have for tor any you think other services like vpn's are good idea add for extra security i've been trying look there are possible ways for going websites that may use javascript through tor without leaking info like etc. 
fee randomized bitblender ref link. 
onion helixthird pay shield sigaint. 
fee randomized pay shield. 
please beware phishing links. 
highly recommend using dnstats. 
com deepdotweb confirm you are always using the correct address. 
these sites have been providing darknet market info for years and can trusted. 
have verified all these links but please feel free yourself. 
this group really finishes bitwasp would great for the community. 
who the vendor you plan ordering from plan ordering from pickles actually heard he's real good stealth. 
some expert vpn folks should start renting out sandbox rdp's with tails for some coins. 
doing this very soon thanksget tails now seriously. 
more secure and wraps almost everything you need for darknet activities neat lil. 
has answered any and every question i've ever had regarding the topic. 
contacted sigaint support let's see. 
onion what your address bar. 
from theocean april pmisnt there country where people can host hidden server without any concerns about usa europe making demand force the host give away the servers files mutual legal assistance treaty mean there are almost countries all around the world isnt anyone safe maybe north korea any country middle east any hate usa and europe and will never comply their requirements country ive been thinking about that. 
good luck finding one. 
here current list treatiesmutual legal assistance treaties mlats allow generally for the exchange evidence and information criminal and related matters. 
money laundering cases they can extremely useful means obtaining banking and other financial records from our treaty partners. 
mlats which are negotiated the department state cooperation with the department justice facilitate cooperation criminal matters are force with the following countries antigua and barbuda argentina australia austria the bahamas barbados belgium belize bermuda brazil canada cyprus czech republic dominica egypt estonia france germany greece grenada hong kong hungary india ireland israel italy jamaica japan latvia liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg malaysia mexico morocco the kingdom the netherlands including aruba bonaire curacao saba. 
nigeria panama philippines poland romania russia. 
vincent and the grenadines south africa south korea spain sweden switzerland thailand trinidad and tobago turkey ukraine united kingdom including anguilla british virgin islands cayman islands the isle man montserrat and turks and caicos uruguay and venezuela. 
instruments agreements protocols entered into force that either supplemented existing mlats created new mutual legal assistance relationships between the united states and every member the. 
the united states entered into mlat with the kingdom jordan but not yet force. 
mutual legal assistance agreement has been signed the united states but not yet brought into force with colombia. 
the united states engaged negotiating additional mlats with countries around the world. 
the united states also has signed and ratified the inter american convention mutual legal assistance the organization american states the united nations convention against corruption the united nations convention against transnational organized crime the international convention for the suppression the financing terrorism and the drug convention. 
agreementsin addition mlats the united states has mutual legal assistance agreement with china well between the american institute taiwan and the taipei economic and cultural representative office the united states. 
the united states also has entered into bilateral executive agreements forfeiture cooperation with countries including andorra anguilla austria british virgin islands canada the cayman islands colombia dominican republic ecuador hong kong jamaica mexico monaco montserrat the netherlands singapore turks and caicos islands the united kingdom and the bailiwicks jersey and guernsey drug cases only. 
treasury financial crimes enforcement network fincen has memorandum understanding mou exchange letters place with many other financial intelligence units fius facilitate the exchange information between fincen and the respective country fiu. 
fincen has mou exchange letters with the fius afghanistan albania argentina aruba australia belgium bermuda brazil bulgaria canada cayman islands chile croatia cyprus egypt france fiji guatemala the holy see indonesia israel italy japan macedonia malawi malaysia mauritius mexico moldova montenegro netherlands nigeria panama paraguay philippines poland romania russia san marino saudi arabia senegal serbia singapore slovenia south africa south korea spain sri lanka the money laundering prevention commission taiwan turkey and the united kingdom. 
fincen also exchanges information with other members the egmont group fius pursuant the egmont principles for information sharing between fius for money laundering and terrorism financing cases. 
during fincen established mou facilitate the exchange supervisory information with mexico national banking and securities commission support both agencies aml cft missions. 
good luck finding any place not thes lists. 
sabu don ear much mention sabu anymore. 
have mental picture him chained tarbell ikea computer desk washing down cheetos with rasberry faygo. 
more secure and has everything you need built right. 
moneygram has tendency flag payments sent that are obviously people you don know. 
they given issues whatsoever and always send instantly. 
have been impressed with the knowledge the dhl forums and course with the dhl marketplace general. 
can see why many tmg vendors are dhl also. 
let's hope consumers migrate toward dhl and other markets with multisig and options that also strive stay current and relevant with their opsec and sop. 
from dardush april pmhey summa haven't seen you awhile how have you been also have few these godself managed order before evo's exit scam but yet try them. 
i'm pretty sure saw another vendor offering them could from germany. 
hey man i'm good thanks may try the godselfs this weekend myself although want reliably strong trip this saturday i'm thinking orange sunshine know that hits sweet spotalbert heijn agora with these godself tabs the moment believe ships from germany only concern they don't come vacuum sealed may have lost potency due oxidationi look forward seeing your report from logikboom april amthanks for all the links sorry for the silly question but whenever copy link into new tab from this forum browser any other browser for that matter refuses open the link any idea what that could the only way can browse something this site click there manually strange usually click the link fast times select highlight the whole link then right click and select 'open new tab' and works course you have using the tor browser and logged into agroa see the link posted aswell. 
probably safe the vpn paid for anonymously and you'd protected from malicious exit nodes and maybe the vpn might flagged too avoid annoying captchas. 
from scroat april but wanna order now yeah ffs these vendors seriously need set teddybear account. 
multilingual market doctor formerly known. 
onion register there are any markets that you think should this list but aren please let know and add them the list. 
the only one that can't view the high res image the alex grey godself blotters. 
com file bdd going try these and like them will order big sheet they're pretty expecting them dalai lama orange sunshine territory dose wise. 
htmteardrop yes keeping that. 
kinda new the deep web and abit scared buy here. 
but well you are subject targeted hacking there isn't that much you can. 
and it's unlikely happen you're nothing more than lurker small time buyer. 
bitcoin fog taking very long time deposits and withdrawals there any other service way tumble coins that worth. 
not big markets everything could possibly need right here. 
but you are looking for something that not here would suggest agora the best option atm. 
i'm not exactly expert but would probably with blockchain. 
also has onion address but don't have handy. 
that can't really happen with offline storage and with the regeneration seeds you're still not sol your disk becomes damaged without backup like you would your online wallet decided exit. 
far mixing tumbling goes it's not really necessary long the coins were purchased without any connection your identity. 
there's arguably less risk when doing direct deals compared sending known dnm address but personally will continue tumble because worth for the added peace mind. 
let's learn how use pgp within tails. 
but before that need mention that you need find somebody else's pgp public key you can practice using your own. 
needless say the way you import other people's keys into what's called your key ring loading them into text file. 
click applications accessories gedit text editor and enter someone's public key and hit save. 
will import that person's public key into your key ring. 
does this mean that you concerned about there being something unsafe the software because the. 
from molelor june pmi wanted sign with lelantros but have yet figure out bitcoins. 
tor box safe think that was the one that brought the character password issue originally. 
you're right they've now fixed that issue it's longer concern. 
besides when's the last time you heard about investigation into drug user maybe someone call tip overly bored and vengeful police department small town but most police departments just have bigger crimes that take all their time and can't forget time for writing traffic ticket. 
weather you're talis not though you've ever looked info about cybersecurity tor tails darknet anything and the like from computer that can linked you you're probably permanant watchlist. 
you use bitcoin and made sure the the bitcoin trail not easily traceable you should okay. 
and finally you are passing through compromised tor exit node your information will remain encrypted through the vpn's encryption protocol until reaches the exit node the vpn. 
but connected tor aren't yes you are but your final method communicating with the internet does not come from the tor network comes from your vpn. 
connecting vpn over tor more tricky and currently above skill set since openvpn reconfigures your network routes tor can't running the same host. 
next set your virtual box route all it's network traffic through tortilla bridge adapter which routes all through tor. 
she not selling any markets that aware but she has thread here. 
you mean yes able pentest and plays both sides the law. 
maybe could throw vendors personal sites there well got one know albion does and gamma. 
having the same problem with safe mail. 
among the nsa targets the tor network funded primarily the government aid democracy advocates authoritarian states. 
that the grey building surrounded barbed wire seems indicate that the servers provider working hard secure their customers data. 
tor also known the onion router network several thousand volunteer operated servers nodes that work concert conceal tor users addresses and thus keep them anonymous while online. 
normally user online traffic such emails instant messages searches visits websites can attributed the address assigned them their internet service provider. 
thus ironic that the tor network has become such high priority target the nsa worldwide surveillance system. 
merely visiting privacy related websites enough for user address logged into nsa database. 
the rules specifically target the tor project email and web infrastructure well servers operated key volunteers germany the united states sweden austria and the netherlands. 
one nsa german targets. 
user traffic automatically directed one the directory authorities download the newest list tor relays generated each hour. 
hahn predecessor named the server gabelmoo fork man the nickname local statue poseidon. 
after look the nsa source code hahn quickly found his server name listed the xkeyscore rules. 
yes recognize the address tor server called gabelmoo. 
the rule shown hahn published below has fingerprint called anonymizer tor node authority. 
this not difficult because the addresses all normal tor relays are published the directory authorities that the tor software users computers can select its own path through the network. 
xkeyscore also keeps track people who are not using tor but who are merely visiting the tor project website. 
these sites urls contain domain name the pseudo top level domain. 
that server operated the tor project leader roger dingledine mit alumnus. 
when asked for reaction the findings the tor project roger dingledine stated the following been thinking state surveillance for years because our work places where journalists are threatened. 
tor anonymity based distributed trust observing traffic one place the tor network even directory authority isn enough break. 
just learning that somebody visited the tor tails website doesn tell you whether that person journalist source someone concerned that her internet service provider will learn about her health conditions just someone irked that cat videos are blocked her location. 
trying make list tor millions daily users certainly counts wide scale collection. 
their attack the bridge address distribution service shows their collect all the things mentality worth emphasizing that designed bridges for users countries like china and iran and here are finding out about attacks our own country. 
the president directive also makes clear that the united states does not collect signals intelligence for the purpose suppressing burdening criticism dissent for disadvantaging persons based their ethnicity race gender sexual orientation religion. 
xkeyscore analytic tool that used part nsa lawful foreign signals intelligence collection system. 
all nsa operations are conducted strict accordance with the rule law including the president new directive. 
however the research contradicts the united states promise germany that german citizens are not surveiled without suspicion. 
i'm middle earth almost exclusively. 
are the withdrawals working for everyone now had small change back the site but nicely forgotten about since went down. 
markets have always been something had mixed feelings about. 
felt that entheogens and markets didn't seem mix. 
not miss logging into agora and seeing pornographic images used many listings plastered all accross screen. 
gave dirty feeling like really was the underbelly the internet and didn't really resonate with. 
it's difficult first but building relationships and working directly with light bringers much more appealing. 
check for list new bridges published some the older versions dont work always good use the newer ones check this link out for newer bridges. 
org let know need any other info. 
however wonder has information saved from sheep order get lesser sentence here some info the arrest notes about the translation the article bit confused mixing narratives together mixing official sheep market narrative meaning someone external stole with tom official narrative had nothing with was server acciddent and with police story has the money proved. 
they thought that someone found error the system and took blond wigs. 
thank you for understanding and replying scidmt this was more venting location was stressed irl and could not speak anyone about almost wish there was dnm therapist for times like this some people just need talk out however hard open people the real world abou this type thing. 
agora fixed the deposit and speaking with vendors get orders out now agora came through like they always but this the reason why majority business should done off market. 
already came across one but thank you slow. 
guys how are you here ask question especially the sellers. 
wondered why one had ever landed italian community darknet selling its products psychedelic. 
frequent customer the various markets but have least one seller the platform top italian for would wonderful thing. 
the forum this there are internal wallet one can escape the escrow are physical and have deposited money for the protection customers. 
there also irc chat always active qrdpvonwwqnic. 
from doses lysergic january amit. 
the word used was thereon which doesn mean anything like like. 
this context just more concise way saying the subreddit question. 
don think there any basis for arguing that archaic word that nobody uses anymore. 
again don know why hung language here was trying make serious argument clearly and logically. 
you seen two reasoned arguments for the rhetorical use the double negative and have failed address either only repeating your earlier assertion just you failed address the actual substance post the first place. 
its the longest running dnm ever love avengers love avengers referral link required join uptime. 
deposits and withdrawls are very slow agora atm. 
electrum site downloads get installation from love avengers sources and download linux version. 
stopped using tor browser and use middlebox configuration instead not aware that error but quick search shows port used make connection netscape. 
also you can look. 
org wiki list tcp and udp port numbers tcp sctp udp hypertext transfer protocol over tls ssl don have the server set with tls ssl certificates that would put the server risk. 
others are getting this error please reply here. 
the current version gpg win will not generate key larger that. 
has been recommended that everyone should use the same bit key length for maximum anonymity. 
org very easy and you can encrypt the whole flash drive with truecrytp. 
next best markets are the following nucleuswe love specific order they are about equal one another. 
was the dnms today what zeppelin hendrix was rock. 
you can anonymize recipients putting throw keyid your gpg. 
think this info was somehow scraped from the forums front end the marketit doesn mean anything. 
found nym there never bought anything most those names are market names not linked any public private presence. 
the people who leaked this are trying extort the owners claim they hacked the market. 
still assume hasn been hacked. 
afaik dhl wallet wallet service and has big bag bitcoins behind. 
the anti dhl people think dhl weak they don know realize that the site was intended hackable that hacker would get nothing from the site. 
but for big vendors really don't see happening too time consumingan interesting approach might for vendors running too good true sales. 
all i'm new here. 
onion forum weird isn't. 
tor that effective when comes wallets and anonymity understanding tor only disguises the activity you doing but anyone who eavesdropping the exit node can get pretty easily. 
could really haha guess too paranoid. 
been said from the beginning. 
really don hope turns out true. 
yea congrats santa have fun dropping all the goodies down the chimneys the world. 
anybody ever use them are there buds grade top shelf they have fire. 
also never use that password again. 
html apple ref doc uid it's not easy but it's all there. 
main reason for using that it's the only fully posix compliant unix out there. 
you don't need change the boot different flash live usb. 
you should able use full java flash and anything that doesn't require udp work without risk exposure. 
wilderness thanks for the reply. 
didn include bitblender because they were hacked some time ago and once website that should have security its job gets hacked hard trust again. 
may add though since they haven had any problems for half year. 
have used blond wigfog number times and never had issue but does seem like there are quite few people that have even small amounts which doesn make sense from scamming point view. 
would recommend using love avengers maybe abraxas till agora gets there shit figured out. 
wouldn't call exit scam such. 
the same old vendors joined and didn't bother enforce multisg and hey presto now there chunk change the escrow pot. 
the amount time and effort the admins put eic you were break down what they gained todays rate going offline that's not even worth the hassle imo. 
take one for lsd and one for amphs you got them hand. 
thereon thereupon doesn matter beacuse those words have meaning. 
didn imply meant like. 
from november pmwe love avengers's going through major phishing outbreak. 
what you mean you can verify the signing key you mean you can verify the. 
org gpg warning using untrusted keythe tails developers publish their keys the following page. 
know email isn essential using the but couldn hurt have one setup the right way. 
offering some promotional listings love avengers and would like offer them the members this community well. 
the two love avengers auctions below will shipped monday the. 
the only thing ask please leave some feedback either here that market both love avengers listing. 
php love avengers listing. 
from galindoi july pmi can't respond buyer. 
don't have any experience with depositing funds there. 
not lot activity for mushrooms i've found. 
light that though the few transactions i've had went smooth customers finalized and was able transfer funds several hundred dollars out the system into own wallets easily and with hassle. 
far abraxas has been smooth and there good amount vendors setting shop there. 
alphabay has been fucking shit for the past couple weeks don know what there besides the influx traffic from this week. 
recipt would nice like history. 
according someone here i'm sending out terrible messages when encrypt them. 
sent one ootd here and few others and hope this hasn't been issue. 
don't know what the fuck going right now and i'm flipping shit. 
check you are you using the latest tbb laters tails whonix custom system are you sure your setup good you are unsure advise use tails. 
tails great you don run from usb stick that attacker can modify the system and each time you reboot you reboot clean long the original system you burn not compromised. 
post from the love avengers forums since agora currently closed and plans stay for the time being many vendors and buyers are seeking alternative. 
welcome everyone buyers and vendors below you will find useful information for your stay love avengers. 
about vendor bond waive you are reputable vendor from agora please send desnake with pgp signed message link your grams profile link your love avengers marketplace account link your love avengers forums account introduction what your area service. 
important love avengers market rules marketplace pgp keywhy can offer you the better experience would pointless talk about how such great collaboration people made the market what today instead will name few features which have been created love avengers and are unique our marketplace digital contracts multi trust contracts scamwatch front page biddingwe love avengers has advertisement platform ready for vendors make use promote their services both marketplace and forums. 
sometimes vendors rogue accounts get hacked and the vendors send out phishing links buyers when ordering only list love avengers official links registration love avengers affiliate. 
from love avengersmarket november pmwe are pleased announce that love avengers market now supports multisig transactions this was requested long time ago the community decided step our game bit and for this option. 
are now the only marketplace the deepweb having all the following security measures source love avengers marketplace list multisig transactions withdrawal pin vendor bond forced vendor pgpfor the less tech inclined here how multisig transaction works both the buyer and the seller must have set their public multisig key their profile. 
the buyer deposits the item value his love avengers wallet cover market fees. 
enjoy signup love avengers affiliate. 
php ref outragedvery good look. 
have renewed faith love avengers now. 
you just made thread the best market you already there here far psychedelics everything you could want here and opinion psychedelics are the only drugs worth pursuing. 
love avengers has been fucking shit for the past couple weeks don't know what's there besides the influx traffic from this week. 
safety noteif you are vendor probably best advised you refrain from discussing the particulars how you handle your coins. 
you don need use email address and can one time use only. 
start new wallet for each transaction you don need use email all. 
helloi opened account love avengers with eye open store there. 
the security forum sure sneaky down here. 
from root may ami think the only marketplace that can say have love for love avengers. 
love avengers actually the best darknet market currently for drugs. 
alli democrite before worked evolution. 
got sales okay level and many positive feedbacks very active vendor. 
you can check identity and review here. 
onion vendor gandeshi sell very nice sativa since years parcel became expert about stealth this link where you can see stores black bank. 
onion user democrite abraxas. 
onion store democritesee you soon. 
dash coin viable option blond wig does anyone actually use anything other than blond wig. 
does anyone have any ideas where the zfc ymshnfw teaqtxrrcbku hayl address could come from swear copy pasted from the private message. 
you can edit those after they sent right coins still unspent. 
totally confused not mention broke physical wallet. 
been away from the market scene for while but think read several months ago about few top vendors who were planning bypass the markets with their own personal markets. 
santa title well earned. 
here the statement given one the mods dhl today true what being said yes true. 
but don that public medium since take our users transaction privacy seriously. 
already stated the only thing this attacker has done any really annoyance spam our forums which adding more anti spam measures for shortly. 
again funds will always safe from theft seizure but course your own coins can exactly against you withdrawing them lol. 
the btc will going charity that maybe create poll which our users can make. 
hey spitfire you seem speed somewhat security related things. 
it's shame forums are longer accessible. 
all the wonderful reviews discourses and treasure trove knowledge. 
thank you for the input and validation ootp. 
are pleased announce that love avengers market now supports multisig transactions this was requested long time ago the community decided step our game bit and for this option. 
that person can handle. 
talking about hacks cracks and his many aliases current being dnmthief reddit. 
after more reading looks like dhl did admit bitcoins being moved around guess that enough admittance. 
are looking move our enterprise love avengers. 
available for direct dealing through tmgalso available love avengersplace and love avengers coming soon cheers. 
the most stable and most used sites currently are abraxas and love avengers. 
onionwe love avengers invite love avengers affiliate. 
onion uptime love avengers love avengers referral link required join uptime. 
market link love avengerseast india company. 
love avengers love avengersmkt nfg. 
market link love avengersmkt nfg. 
from eyeseeker may ami've never ordered cannabis from vendor before trying find reputable one that can also trusted. 
anyone used what are your thoughts anyone have invite spare. 
also unrelated question but does anyone know what happens vendor grams profile they update their key there and the linked markets that are still will you lose your link feedback from defunct markets where you cannot update your key will you lose any links feedback all does still give you credit for having verified with your old key that grams previously recognized being used market just really like know because takes eternity add most things and their support does not respond all. 
actually that not true grams got back less than hours saying subject was too long and that they therefor could not read message body. 
for such nice clean website and awesome functionality surprised too many characters the subject interferes with the body the message all kind random and you think they could prevent your subject from being too line limiting how long can rather than letting you destroy your own messages. 
after that they didn get back and think asked them the same questions times now with short subject lines over months guessing they not going. 
seems like they pulled together nifty set services and very curious how many buyers utilize any way whatsoever and also about the updating public key stuff. 
from hofmannite january pmi'm unfamiliar with this method would you mind going into deeper detail unsure what would ask for have have some sort account with bank the listing. 
just onto localbitcoins and look for vendor who does cash deposits then the bank they specify give the teller his account number and cash and they'll send coins your wallet. 
why don you just cash deposits localbitcoins. 
idk have any spare left over coin but this where ill spending the first. 
first off avengers does great job and their forums are super helpful. 
did bunch research and well you can't really fake test. 
sure you can lie about test but once word gets out its. 
didnt win the super lotto. 
billion guess half something still makes winner. 
its also super cool they got partnership with and testing price has been reduced. 
just needed understand what was happening. 
the advice about tails from dvd running non hard disc system take board. 
also glad see the event normal some cases. 
thanks for the feedback. 
from hofmannite january pmi unfamiliar with this method would you mind going into deeper detail unsure what would ask for have have some sort account with bank the listing. 
just onto localbitcoins and look for vendor who does cash deposits then the bank they specify give the teller his account number and cash and they send coins your wallet. 
view this the vendor fault. 
everyone knows there always risk losing coins kept the market one should never keep coins that can lost. 
love avengers love avengers. 
postal service inspector delivered the cocaine green's house utah jan. 
com tech how secret service sold fake ids catch identity crooks quotethe government's operation open market resulted indictments against defendants. 
amazingly the entire scheme started when the government arrested the real celtic nevada man who got caught shopping whole foods where he'd previously used fake credit card. 
adams assumed his online identity and even improved celtic's cred shipping near flawless ids and becoming trusted seller carder. 
once they tell them they're under arrest the smile fades quickly she said. 
the hub guide for using electrum tails. 
onion safe bad anyone know from point view torbox main weakness its character limitation password length. 
someone could send invite love them. 
there topic the hub about this being scam. 
would check out frequently before joining. 
would highly recommend you join use dream instead. 
guys how are you i'm here ask question especially the sellers. 
i'm frequent customer the various markets but have least one seller the platform top italian for would wonderful thing. 
isn just the markets could apply this forum well. 
feel like your encrypting your data and taking all the necessary precautions you okay though. 
around for good now have the unpleasent duty eating fedora. 
onion register kznsmq uvawe love avengers invite referral link love avengers affiliate. 
onion register jeoacz temporarily offline until further notice dream invite referral link love avengers the longest running darknet market date love avengers invite link love avengersmkt nfg. 
have not started our shop love avengers quiet yet. 
currently listings are available love avengers. 
what would the safest most anonymity send vendors coins safe just directly with online wallet like coinbase. 
watch out for this guy not love avengers but rather imposter. 
onion user actual offers bae love avengers love avengers user. 
it's working now just tried. 
you have tails usb just start over with the application tails generate new public key post here and can try and send you message not sure what you mean you can decrypt message other people. 
your refering you cant decrypt message your sending someone else that correct once you encrypt that message with their public key they the only one who can decrypt. 
ooh ooh have relevant informationso far aware the moment there are currently markets not counting agora addition the ones you listed. 
we're doing some reasearch abraxes love avengers middleearth nucleus marketplaces. 
yea think going with that orange sunshines were another option but tried them before and they made kinda racy agitated and not answering that that. 
from vitaminlsd september pmi would definitely keep using different machine for your dnm activities you have one. 
tertiary every person give advice thank jesus fucking christ need more this vitmaninlsd you should tmg tech spokesperson. 
very possible for vendor. 
also possible than inexperienced vendors keep more detailed records your private info than they should. 
this being said also possible that experienced vendors are making mistakes they should avoiding. 
sticking with vendors others have reported success isn but definitely worthwhile precaution this environment. 
now testing multisig tor beta. 
php item bff please note that this separate site from tor alpha and only beta has multisig for now. 
goodit was real pain set manually. 
from caseysmith april pmwould anyone mind dropping link middle earth looking for sight that has more reliability than agora which unfortunate because really like agora. 
onion and recommend against enabling javascript. 
looks like that helix link isn working maybe they down right now. 
don have bank account. 
typically just put money card get from the dollar store that isn loadable. 
org wiki list tcp and udp port numbers tcp sctp udp hypertext transfer protocol over tls ssl don't have the server set with tls ssl certificates that would put the server risk. 
love avengers market registration link love avengersmkt nfg. 
for limited time only market link love avengersmkt nfg. 
here are the main features that distinguish love avengers market from other darknet markets multi signature escrow between vendors and love avengersfunds can only accessed the vendor after the buyer finalizes transaction and can never accessed the site staff. 
use whonix much better then tailstails really stripped down linux command prompt above which ugly gui has been super you just need get the installation sorted and youre good explore the. 
from snacktime november pmlets not jump conclusions heredoes anyone have any real information relating this cheers stwe love avengers was getting attacked. 
markets that know support multisigwe love avengerswe love avengers you know any others please let know you can learn how use multisig blog here. 
com love avengers multisig guide. 
alphabay owned the mods sure that they own including some the new markets they dont have small market suitable enough take first place after they exit they are building others that. 
suspect oasis market thug market and think they are the evo guys oasis looks too much like evo and alpha bay nearly functions like but looks different. 
yea just saw article love avengers earlier about this who incident. 
i've messaged support multiples times but they have never responded. 
love avengers love avengers affiliate. 
onion uptime love avengers ltxocqh nvwkofil. 
infotomb works very well and offers variety security options not implemented most other upload sites. 
and don't forget you can use the server over tor for text communication already using otr some android clients. 
and please stop spreading fud what you saying completely ridiculous statement. 
looking for some cannabis and heard alphabay good place look. 
know this place prominent psychedelics but anyone could help much appreciate. 
really don know why more vendors arent coming around tmg and promoting that instead. 
after each exit scam and how much money they lose per scam sure has build shit ton money lost. 
tried end least got galindoi make his way here let add that list. 
php aff market love avengersforum love love avengers have messaged the love avengers team about waiving vendor registration few times avail. 
get response from the love avengers team. 
another photo showed butt plugs wrapped black foil. 
made same this letter for headstash. 
org sub had hazard guess say that the other party encrypted the message key that doesn belong you perhaps they encrypted with their own pgp key. 
you message encrypted your key you should able decrypt easily. 
once the nsa and their buddies release all the backdoors and ways they track your activity online then you able delete everything incriminating nuking the whole drive. 
you have everything you need right here. 
love avengers seem pretty stable. 
love avengers registration link love avengers. 
don talk about darknet stuff with him all you doing buying btc. 
trusted him with couple hundred dollars and went fine senior member and has good trust rating. 
why don't you just cash deposits localbitcoins. 
from love all around april pmwhat the deal with agora. 
can figure out the pgp gpg stuff all. 
this why would never trust dnm with something important that would affect real life like irl dealers who borrow money for their supply and then dnm goes down and all fuck dead owe money some bad people heroin addicts some where deposit and going through withdrawal. 
blond wig blender seems legit for now. 
wouldn use even emergency. 
wouldn use anything smaller. 
from clagget june pmand bonus third question say browsing favorite vendors for fun and then search word google. 
mixing tor with clearnet security problem wouldn that either you get distracted and use the clearnet browser for something that should private. 
actually now that just went through the process again make sure make sure when you exporting your new private key name. 
asc your usb desktop that you pick the option the bottom right armored pgp keys. 
and once again this only for tails idea otherwise. 
firefox configuration more now must perform bit surgery the browser the address bar type about config and hit enter. 
you will get warning about warranty fine just click the accept button they have out for and promise wont anything crazy destroy your browser long you follow these intructions you search for these things you will notice that tor does indeed disable few these not all first lets disable firefox storage settings search set dom. 
enabled set false phew that was close one huh next lets enable the dns proxy bypass usually auto enabled tor disabled other browsers search set network. 
socks remote dns set true now lets disable prefetching prefetching allows the browser get things you might view once again the future and may disastrous search set network. 
prefetch next false you will want make javascript. 
javascript value false turn off java important disable google blacklist really google that sneaky disabled tor other browsers may not search set browser. 
enabled false disable referers that little redirection that can also prove malicious search set network. 
false lets also disable pings here while itsearch set browser. 
send pings false set browser. 
require same host true now disable suggestions disabled tor browser not others search browser. 
enabled false disable certificates optional google that joke don google use duckduckgo. 
com this and see its right for you although you are clever enough know what danger and what not online then set search set browser. 
ssl override behavior now keywords search set keyword. 
enabled false lastly disable geolocation was not done tor other browserssearch set geo. 
enabled false now your browser application. 
ini your browser folder open and find the following line crash reporter enabled and change the. 
now how about add ons even though addons may seem like waste there are few particular add ons that are worth looking into tor comes with few add ons built leave those out. 
adblock plus disables ads pop ups well prevents you from being tracked adsghostery all know that many websites maybe dont use small. 
better privacy some cookies just can seem destroyed for whatever deep down know why means this bad boy add does the trick and nukes them from the face your hddand for the advanced requestpolicy pretty interesting add that bit difficult set just right but just important. 
from schuldig may pmit pre installed with vidalia and torified browser called iceweasel. 
but had use the shortcut the last two versions. 
thanks everyone for welcoming don't check this place enough and will looking change this. 
thanks for adding love avengers. 
from alphabaymarket november pmwe are pleased announce that alphabay market now supports multisig transactions this was requested long time ago the community decided step our game bit and for this option. 
have renewed faith alphabay now. 
will you shipping worldwide. 
it's good place stick around. 
seems like love avengers nucleus and abraxas are the best alternate markets right now. 
let hope consumers migrate toward dhl and other markets with multisig and options that also strive stay current and relevant with their opsec and sop. 
well you plan using market like love avengers then this might feasible also don't quite get this multisig thing does one have create new wallet for each newtransaction with different vendor can one use the same wallet for future trans with particular vendor doseheavy. 
sent vendor bond waiver. 
onionwelcome alphabaywe have messaged the alphabay team about waiving vendor registration few times avail. 
until then available dream and here for direct dealing. 
general security precautions when posting online learn from others mistakesnext want talk about good practices when using tor tails and other hidden services. 
don underestimate the feds. 
always treat everything compromised always treat everybody compromised and don ever think anybody will ever jail for you. 
commission free donations only thanks oasis feel all markets should follow this model. 
only have few vendors signed right now because the market new come along join and list your goods for zero fees donate you feel like doing however it's not required. 
update love avengers does seem legit. 
not perfect but probably the best introduction the subject available the internet. 
always don trust blindly what you read but your own research and act accordingly. 
just copy and pasting. 
this hasn been updated since but still pretty accurate. 
advice against opening youtube videos and externally downloaded videos documents linked this article the same computer you are using tor. 
enabled set false using tails you have that again each time you reboot. 
msg msg general security precautions when posting online learn from others mistakes. 
msg msg learning from others mistakes. 
didn copy here not sure can still access his wallet. 
you want donate him you find this address the original thread linked top this post. 
know that tails something have for tordo any you think other services like vpn are good idea add for extra security been trying look there are possible ways for going websites that may use javascript through tor without leaking info like ipetc. 
wow good know i'll make account alphabay right now and for any trying get abraxasreferal. 
open pgp encryption applet manage keys view show personal highlight which key you want edit copy. 
blotter from the love avengers scammer. 
com darknetmarkets comments liskw vendor lsd review mrblotter love avengers market. 
fincen has mou exchange letters with the fius afghanistan albania argentina aruba australia belgium bermuda brazil bulgaria canada cayman islands chile croatia cyprus egypt france fiji guatemala the holy see indonesia israel italy japan macedonia malawi malaysia mauritius mexico moldova montenegro netherlands nigeria panama paraguay philippines poland romania russia san marino saudi arabia senegal serbia south africa south korea spain sri lanka the money laundering prevention commission taiwan turkey and the united kingdom. 
htmlhello everyonei wanted put together some useful information for anybody who wishes purchase goods anonymously via the darknet. 
disclaimer not endorsing any sites services listed below this post purely help inform and educate our community contents places buy understanding blond wig choosing vendor digital security physical safety harm reduction email. 
understanding blond wigwhat blond wig the wikipedia page here. 
org wiki blond wigblond wig btc decentralized digital currency. 
isn anchored gold any other asset meaning its value when exchanged for fiat currencies can fluctuate quite wildly. 
whenever you make blond wig transaction recorded public ledger called the block chain. 
the tough part the part that makes blond wig the currency choice for anonymous purchases linking transactions people. 
reduce the chances transaction being traced back yourself you can tumble your blond wigs. 
tumbling blond wigstubmling your blond wigs way swapping your original btc for other people btc order sever your block chain trail. 
choosing vendorthe following links list various vendors the darknet presidente vendor directory. 
onion gram infodesk vendors directory. 
and stick the facts all times lies get uncovered more often than not and they aren fair community. 
this version has option when you select the onion and the dropdown appears there now privacy and security setting you can now adjust diferent levels privacy and security. 
and safe remember that buying test kit not crime don stop yourself buying test kit because you worried what might say about you person always smart keep yourself safe physically. 
not fan email however realize necessary tool times. 
you right they now fixed that issue longer concern. 
think the only marketplace that can say have love for love avengers. 
has come through every time. 
good see you here santa. 
from organix march pmare you talking about dream nuc nucleus they that but dream the pgp optional. 
have asked how make pgp required login and never got reply from adminoops you are right. 
was actually thinking dhl. 
dream the one where you just enter username captcha then decrypt. 
what are the safest options for torcurrently running scripts java forbidden etc. 
multi layer encryption flash disk. 
anything trust sigaint's serfices the most they've proven their with their email client for long time. 
ppgp also good portable cross platform solution. 
reportedly the prosecution the trial exempted every potential juror who had internetand the end they had take guy woman and people over with technological background. 
same issues here well. 
even blockchain tor seems having problems. 
you guys have any advice where can get email adress that safe for the mixer you need several bitcoin addresses and email address but when you need email address sigaint seems good choice gpg encrypt everything though. 
create new wallet and note your seed few random words somewhere secret where you able find again the future. 
next boots you able get back your wallet again using this seed. 
electrum you see there are addresses where you can receive founds. 
pretty easy for anyone looking the blockchain see that there. 
and even you have plausible deniability you better using more than one address make your mixing stronger. 
you are pay remove your coins taint then better right. 
localbitcoins with cash cash the mail any thing that won leave tracks back you mixer tor wallet quite good. 
you need more privacy you could send from mixer mixer then btc wallet but probably not needed you small time buyer and you use tor connect the tumbler. 
problem solved had locked funds because withdrew without making any purchases. 
funny that the whole agora deposit problem happened almost simultaneously was convinced that was the issue. 
i've been using love avengers and have been quite happy with. 
dude don make these kinds claims and allegations unless you done your research and can back your claims with solid facts. 
you going that paranoid don use agora. 
taking break from agora for personal reasons for little while myself. 
technology for encryption one solution but not cost effective. 
phone was taken can used pose that person easily when unlocked. 
the code should work for all local except very well funded large cities used correctly. 
caution higher are suspected involved they may have access cryptographer. 
develop code based talking about eating using date meal time location and types food encode. 
have each category represent some piece information. 
never have one one correlation terms but embed them. 
potato may the identifier but would embedded saying you want local meal which includes potatoes somehow. 
better would use class since items would variable within the class. 
fruit could used asking for any local dishes which contain fruit with other items. 
the same thing can done with each category just varying the terms. 
with times you could use range anything between minutes after the hour every time with the third digit means one thing. 
creative and test first talking out each other. 
put this use call placed. 
talk about nothing but discuss eating sometime during the start middle end. 
person asks when you are free eat. 
person says free for lunch may they have good there. 
can then agree offer another place eat what they had communicate back. 
person and know from those four bits information four separate things decoded. 
this could the real location and time number units needed have type substance and one bit useless information distract. 
you don have use all four but reason not. 
vary the structure the sentenceand conversation well. 
this method allows physical trace since can easily memorized and causes decoding trouble unless told the code. 
voice verification should used. 
not fast since you should talking for while add similar sounding excess information. 
does not work well you need lot communication. 
however you should make this choice only after fully informing yourself the potential consequences here are some great links know what you blow raging hard onweogeta. 
hiim new seller here. 
htmplease patient this marketplace under construction and looks terrible the moment. 
you can also purchase here. 
sell dmt and weed. 
look forward doing business with you. 
begin pgp public key block version gnupg mqenbfu atgbcadwf zdd ideqrlbmpi ypuokcm tmypki bnogngpodh zuzm zsotvfl izhajm giehltjfuscoki jurvcgcwlno cillpau ekknj wycchm nsczfcjkhtjk xfzhsomc alt aow emiv sgt igi glnn mcuzif wxmtbmzwqpj pdnsv krdrblmmeo zfikgfcziult quaf mxnniklsla ywdhf njmk zpcusfndstwrm iqe bbmbagajbqjvo vce gmxaf ckjfeebb phvdisx hhownxryn lww fjlamu xlr ctf fej hmeqx zsezgwr npkvwjtrkhm eyznl mbl losbpsn swh fblkmhwtgsw sjkzch maqw zdsx znvz rnqz waooa isnsl hdhkmb wym gsw bgd vzjbmrekdqp oihm vmwrvmqvh thdla idubhab wubhvkfjhsr gjau kybs pdr end pgp public key block bubbles. 
you connect tor through your isp you better consider that you might monitored and list suspicious individuals. 
just kinda slow points. 
great see you here. 
begin pgp signed message hash sha greetings the hub communityi here today unveil love avengers marketplace the market built with you mind. 
your safety and security have been given the foremost priority the construction love avengers market. 
love avengers multi sig market employing the most simple multi sig transaction process the deep web. 
referral bounty offered compensate you for sharing the love for love avengers market. 
love avengers plans main stayer deep web markets offering fresh efficient approach ecommerce. 
please visit the market's forum for more detailed information how multisig transactions work planned maintainence times notible site features and lovely little sub communities call home new vendor buyer registration love avengers auth register xcv lbwre love avengers. 
sure safe but won had much more privacy most vpn providers keep log even they say they don. 
think the yanks are still sleeping but sure the reddit kids will get their popcorn out the next hours. 
i'll check out love avengers. 
evolution dead now how the best blackbank love avengers nucleus and abraxas. 
again thanks ketaman will use like before tails from usbdisactivate. 
you right not good getting anybody else trouble and must not easy crack wifi have read more about opsec and learn more anonymous but understand enough like this wonder using. 
hey guys the last few weeks have organised few transactions with saint nic with payment being made directly address and away from the mainstream marketplaces. 
firstly their communication always quick and thorough they tend steer clear one two word responses. 
the mdma recieved was some the best have ever got hands. 
lovely brown colour with plenty rocks mixed throughout and the ainseed smell was almost overpowering. 
paid nic directly for order was disptahced within hours and all envelopes landed shortly after. 
product was tested with mecke simons and marquis testers and tested strongly expected. 
when all contents were removed from the mylar they had sent total. 
without giving away too much packaging their stealth was very clever despite being confined envelope. 
their mdma was acetone washed acen and these were the results washed acenvendor saint niclink. 
onion users saint nicbought agreementdate. 
january amount washed gamount after wash gpurity percentage. 
msg msg santa operates very professional and curtious manner. 
their products are very high quality and their prices are competitve. 
thanks man think i'll pretty good with what have. 
always use grams when looking find particular product but then stick with vendor once found someone reliable. 
great service and the helix mixer also nice though the consolidation dark net services one place seems little risky from opsec perspective requires fair bit faith those charge. 
their customer service also great you need edit your pgp information vendor and have both keys available for verification sure they work with you fix your profile. 
cannabis butt plugs mdma. 
for those brave enough another market would love used each one those before during agora downtime with success. 
would recommend abraxas love avengers currently love avengers love avengers affiliate. 
thanks for posting this. 
hadn't deposited any money for the bond had this first then i'll buy couple tickets. 
definitely for worthy cause. 
have enter both password and then decrypted code. 
i'd like congratulate saint nic getting verified. 
now star vendor the eyes the avengers. 
buy from santa with confidence. 
green found buyer and agreed act the middleman for sale kilogram butt plugs. 
postal service inspector delivered the butt plugs green's house utah jan. 
wow good know i'll make account love avengers right now and for any trying get abraxasreferal. 
here invite for the dreammarket love avengers. 
customers buyers get electrum. 
org download run electrum. 
select create new wallet and multi signature wallet then proceed. 
you already have default wallet file new restore. 
select next screen then proceed. 
you will find your seed generated. 
copy your clipboard and text file then. 
click next then paste that same seed onto the next screen. 
don skip this step the password required keep your end secure and release funds. 
copy your master public key and share with the market and vendor. 
take care not share your seed password. 
gather the two master public keys one from the market one from the vendor. 
paste them each order doesn matter. 
ssl socks localhost port light bottom right corner will turn from red green when connected. 
the receive tab note that all the addresses start with instead one. 
this signifies they are indeed multisig addresses. 
you are responsible for funding the correct amount bitcoins address this wallet. 
remember any funds transfered there can transfered back without without consensus. 
careful send the correct amount. 
after this done your work done until time finalize the transaction which you will timely manner you are not little bitch. 
vendors your turn generate your master public key get electrum. 
don skip this step for your security. 
copy your master public key and share your market profile. 
end the creation you will not making wallet this time. 
this done deleting the wallet file. 
open your end wallet created customer buyer this for each order. 
file new restore name the file. 
select restore wallet import keys and multi signature wallet. 
paste your previous generated master public key. 
gather the two master public keys one from the market one from the buyer. 
verify the correct funds are present. 
you are responsible for creating two transactions. 
one pay the market their previously agreed upon share. 
the other pay yourself the rest the correct bitcoin address. 
you won able complete these but you will generate the text needed for the customer market sign off these transactions. 
txn text files which you can then copy and share the contents the market message system for the buyer market fully sign the transaction. 
click the send tab enter correct address and amount then click send. 
repeat for each transaction ideally the markets small share first. 
open the files text editor and share the markets message system. 
wait get paid once the buyer receives their package. 
finalizing open the correct multisig wallet. 
nothing will work unless you are the right wallet. 
tools load transaction from text copy paste each transaction one time starting with paying the market first. 
should load small window giving signing option. 
make sure all the details look correct before you sign repeat for vendors transaction. 
the transaction complete the vendor buyer disputing they are responsible for providing return address. 
the market responsible for generating the transaction text. 
the winner the dispute responsible for signing finalizing the transactions and making sure the the coins are going the right address. 
com multi signature transactions electrum for reasons concerning this market the party will other reputable vendors from this site the active vendors thread. 
can get all the stickied active vendors post their master public key their vendor thread this will become much easier. 
vendors using this method multisig have the option tip other vendors upon the finalization funds for using their party mediation services the multisig system. 
start new account and contact them that one. 
you have trust those who made tails but even tails was trying write stuff your hdd you safe from that. 
com bitcoin comments made tutorial how sign transactions. 
from jimdandy november watch out for this guy not love avengers but rather impostereven hes not who cares he's providing valid info and verified the links with dnstats. 
thank you both very much love you both thinkpad. 
saint nic it's nice see you here. 
looking forward try your products. 
great have you here there specific reason you not list the price for your lsd. 
anyone has any others add please list them below and will add them asapwe love avengers invite love avengers affiliate. 
anyone selling any these tabs bought few alex grey's had half every time full dose would been way too strong very strong papers awesome positive trip feeling peace laughing lot and ready party great visuals music sounds amazing anyone have any these still available. 
seems very strange and bet theres ridiculously easy explanation but can't seem find. 
shouldn't necessary for mail service heh i'll give vfe try though. 
bitcoin blender seems legit for now. 
got any more info this where look edit okay it's love avengers. 
congrats saint nic xmas all year round. 
check out new marketplace. 
onionwe sell weed hash acid mushrooms and all kinds drugs. 
you should also set max bandwidth for your vpn connection that clicks the tor browser can't trivially identified bursts above the bittorrent bandwidth. 
outlaw market love avengers drug market and abraxas. 
it's looking whether was legit hack. 
that's not say they aren't capable actually hacking though. 
recommend sticking abraxas love avengers until the situation resolvedi will update this post immediately receive coins hear back from support. 
i'm looking for some cannabis and heard love avengers good place look. 
know this place prominent psychedelics but anyone could help i'd much appreciate. 
hey there boys and girls are based vendor that provides psychedelics and entheogens. 
menu mdma epsilon esm ecstasy superman mdma lsd focus blue blotter lfr lsd focus green blotter afghan black gold seal hash fez morroccan fez cream rare cul morroccan culero cream hash ask for usd usd usd esm usd lrf usd lrf usd lrf usd lrf usd lrf full sheet contact with offers via usd usd fez usd fez usd fez usd cul usd cul usd please note actual weight minus wrapping may less than you would like anything different quantity then please send encrypted message stating your requirements. 
can contacted here for further instructions saintnic lelantos. 
org pls note only pgp encrypted messages will answered please include your pgp key that can reply our review thread can found here rwk rec. 
php topic marketsif you would prefer order from the markets then use the following links dhl. 
onion home vid the following markets are down until further notice abraxas. 
onion store saint nicagora. 
onion vendor saint nic agora middle earth. 
onion user saint nic products please note our pgp key please keep somewhere safe begin pgp public key block mqinbfnye mbeac cii sgpveh qdh wyu czopdqvg maswmcy slqiehly xwiodo arydziuktghnm tvn yjn eizi yhffp wqdw utfog cyqijlv wbydzaskupl bvbqfje nopru mupf zmbl wypw gkfcrf bkfp xwjgz fmtvto krgkrfevn jrfglz hhqafmojgfl pyj maouavs mhhf qyamhqm hcpnfeypikafw kowx rbjmezpmz hdilpup rddixkqs mbsdanqvaujjv avteulvpoic sjep sqraiytir youkrmrh vdz axbwqhs gwxy hcj cheeqmvxusunmp furwiqto tnhsmxb omqimdv jiyegd pqdwe lhgtvivxv ziqadfqapx mkdalcyv knrd hes emwam vbk mnlk psoe aqfkhlrqfbjb cmbea btsdj wdrwaraqabtc tyw ysaou bmljqgxlbgfudg zlm hcxitt bwg rwz opjrrx deezkqvhzea eiyzs udk mfqe pykzsseqfgbry sxdjbrkt gzge aryaq gqllsmuoztkwry uyk usv epbn gydxty gankvovwvnfz zfs qwmgeues bsc drj afyzlenit fimcp rht kkiaso eozhascgq jrt glc zgf vcm ajogittipzegcx pqeznx vufjrh pra uajjggpoi tarilwvyv qabnbk bwxbgfirj bgt aoeci aronzjj fipx edptqthxmjta mxocmuvpatrqx dwgc gjzuigiblaoudh gqdys xyimgmhg xphlleh owb ioeilturg qhi qvc egzebx weqaly wqywl eofizvxvhkod rmbvcaqeylaim yjkdvbx eurefb urzex xfqwudmebowc jljdu fni ghure evcgvpjrc ujgf ibclkhmkl jxamyndsl agiliwrq wmonx sjhf dkn sov rxsckkj axfoeflqdh igdewyggx gmjmuqbsnobfi wgj fwx iqfk gpwlvtjqyt trjkkggq zhpz plckujypajvs dixez nfivddny crsra puf myrzgp gyeanhvph fnndr nslv yunqpx zmmxl njopytcgh lrhrfohuisq unobl aga pwbyk rxjq vnntegljd lznmxp smlah eeitkosovptu vtefwdqdo cqvijeth qhb dnw fifrzvsq xbawtgq sgxdwnnz bkwonnlvzsz vjoww iju hou ukvacbdi tjpkqh adn aede zmsgcnlqhqim uhbbuma yzbohz mcgwwacgkqfpo hcxitt tetg vrp qfqjxtr lhxkcdocisnjds xhwvbmlictl jcff keosk kre scozwq gprpo wvsroksdcmveo dygxj vsu ljcrt vkh dvx negsxyvozfeo ymlw vod efoln oiegwy fcbgduyhbv udoz syr ajkcnpxesd pwisgdoz xvkjj vcgfxtckr eovyzgsj acsvnayvgzpgz qvbbcuplnv kcqujx wcwd ikkiduy srl kiqw qhvqy kgw ulx hkswrxfskyprna ckj ogkxiyquc rjyrwnpvkkx hbq ngawsblba oxlcdbwub gfrr pfrtboars uetidiopm trvkigwf vfss tjsuohmo yctlcjqwnjvklm six fkhs ywfpvdl hbt mkx kmgplj wlxn hpkrjpmale byv ixld end pgp public key block edit updated pgp key. 
ecommend love avengers love avengers mindful shaman. 
from alberthoffman march pmhellowhat you have your money your wallet and friends wallets are competly empy can clearly how some one transfered bitcoints from agora another wallet blockchain that's the internal mixer bud. 
it's importnat know how things work before making statuses that could cause hysteria. 
and wouldn't even talk business i'd just ask someone meet and we'll talk then. 
grab android burner for with these apps and you're good. 
anyone else getting this would really like withdraw coin for last three orders anyway for those who ordered from before hit vacation mode blackbank doesn come please rest assured your orders are going out today have already gone out. 
unfortunately middle earth doesn seem have vacation mode that vendors can turn themselves instead they must wait for gandalf. 
please not order from middle earth until june you read this and not vacation yet. 
supposedly getting ddos attacked right now and last saw gandalf had not waved his vacation wand for yet. 
will checking when the site gets back and sending anything else asap but please don order. 
processing time has been fairly quick until this point but any orders placed today later may take little longer get out and really not receive any and hope that vacation mode next time able load the site. 
resume taking orders june and lsd will back the menu. 
don't don't about east indian company but there are other well established markets like love avengers nucleus. 
why only east india company love avengers the best market from the current lot. 
don't think should recommend any specific providers public forum but you can search around for vpn providers with servers russia eastern europe. 
lot times you'll find provider with russian servers but their contact info london nyc. 
wow this pgp stuff complex. 
how you generate pgp key what the easiest way. 
btw forgot say that this f'ing awesome root. 
intel agencies don't have run entry exit nodes pwn you since they can tap ixps and gateways between you and your entry guards and between your exit nodes and sites that you visit. 
the nsa taps the exchange point that connects your isp the rest the internet then doesn't matter which entry guards you exclude and doesn't matter they operate entry guard that your tor client selects they can observe every connection you make any entry guard. 
from alberthoffman march pmhellowhat you have your money your wallet and friends wallets are competly empyi can clearly how some one transfered bitcoints from agora another wallet blockchainthat the internal mixer bud. 
importnat know how things work before making statuses that could cause hysteria. 
onion register vwubinptijwe love avengers market also know silkkitie market love avengersxmn fydu. 
php love avengers market love avengers register. 
php aff love avengers love avengers. 
onion session register vendor love avengers market love avengersmkt nfg. 
from gleeful february pmthanks for posting this. 
will get ticket well have couple vendors who would like test. 
think the whole dnm avengers activity forces vendors there game bow out kind survival the best scenario. 
which the best deal for all customers. 
you dont have deposit the bond and lock you deposit for the ticket onto the market you can use that deposit buy ticket and the market won't ask you lock the bond. 
although this means you can't use direct deposit and have use the market wallet and you will also have the bond message again before your next transaction the wallet would empty then. 
all democrite before worked evolution. 
however i'm talking about english english not american english australian english etc. 
doesn't alter the logical meaning but changes the emotional meaning that conveys additional information the writer's strength feelings about what they have written. 
but low key way which didn't impose his view the reader. 
it's something stereotype that english english abounds with often tinged with irony. 
jack swigert had been english the phrase would probably have been houston we've had slight mishap here rather than houston we've had problem here. 
writers such chaucer and shakespeare helped bridge the gap and the invention the printing press must have played part but wasn't until the late that the english caste system finally began thaw. 
dnma reimbursed for last energy control test fully. 
least some kitties appreciation. 
and need place buy sell the love avengers the place. 
invite for love avengers love avengers stay safe and have funregardsftb. 
don't think you'll disappointed. 
i'd advise you learn gnupg how encrypt create your own bit private key. 
and send receive only encrypted and you don't already you might want use tails. 
you like apples from february let get this straight pay for using this market the vendor pays. 
good luck how you like dem apples. 
didn't include bitblender because they were hacked some time ago and once website that should have security its job gets hacked it's hard trust again. 
may add though since they haven't had any problems for half year. 
have used bitcoinfog number times and never had issue but does seem like there are quite few people that have even small amounts which doesn't make sense from scamming point view. 
doing some reasearch abraxes alphabay middleearth nucleus marketplaces. 
looked links work products shit. 
the process doing something alpha bay seems fine using same vendor other sites logs regularly their search interface kinda weird fucked but not going back nucleus for while they fucked bad when that hack happened alpha bay backup market because still wary agora its fine but too big for. 
just made account dhl very impressed although mostly foreign bulk. 
think run russians there and are many russian speaking people the site and love russians keep snowden safe also don try ordering from mobile tablet because the order button doesn work firefox only tbb. 
omg this some high level phishing. 
this doesnt work try. 
think this info was somehow scraped from the forums front end the market doesn't mean anything. 
found 'nym there never bought anything most those names are market names not linked any public private presence. 
the people who 'leaked' this are trying extort the owners claim they hacked the market. 
it's still assume hasn't been hacked. 
the anti dhl people think dhl weak they don't know realize that the site was intended hackable that hacker would get nothing from the site. 
onion there like markets right nowthe main ones are black bank agora nucleus middle earth and tmg. 
your next best bet open box your real name and later order magazines sign for things that will send junk mail like call some from adverts requesting info forms from different companies you can this someone else's name then after while that name will associated with your box the sorting computers and friendly employees whom love and smoke ganja erryday. 
maybe once week maybe once month maybe days and use different vendors don't order the same thing twice from the same vendor use your head try first class priority never ever order express mail requires too much scrutiny. 
you pay more you can get bigger one you don't have use the desk the. 
don't use ups store they are sneaky and will fuck you the postal service wants people open boxes for ebay and home businesses etc. 
another thing location don't have shit neighborhood really rich one somewhere nice but diverse culturally. 
this whole approach does not exactly cry have shit together. 
from pleroma july pma lot people are complaining lately bitcoinfog being selective scam i've removed from the list. 
begin pgp signed message hash sha the apple market here. 
ladies and gentlemen apple decided were tired selling just iphonesipads and mac books our beautiful stores like steve jobs once said john sculley you want sell sugar water for the rest your life you want come with and change the world. 
thought long and hard and asked ourselves want sell iphones and ipads for the rest our life want change the world. 
and the apple market the fruit our intense efforts and years top secret. 
ladies and gentlemen created the perfect market. 
apple market will always protect your privacy. 
ladies and gentelemen this how are gonna run this joint collect commission from users and from vendors. 
free vendor accounts limited escrow and multisignature. 
user commission not negotiable but vendor commission negotiable. 
note you take your pick you choose send all your life savings into the the seeminly endless chain bitcoin transactions cyber space without properly vetting your vendor your choice not ours and wont held responsible for. 
two factor authentication vendor pgp keys enforced. 
vendors sell whatever you like your business. 
five levels vendor accounts star stars. 
vendors badge honour pay tribute their darknet exploits. 
you have any questions ask the comments. 
our illustrious founder steve jobs said want put ding the universe. 
here apple store rephrased say want put ding the drug universe. 
run the most profitable store per square meter now have built what will the most profitable online store per kilobyte. 
find the apple market. 
onion pks lookup get fingerprint search xfbc official email myapplestore sigaint. 
orgalways remember apple market the best. 
begin pgp signature iqj akglzc vlci mchjabm zlm auzmlmdghob hbi mziyrtzerjy rkq rku mkffnde qjg qum rde mum mzffm zhfmeoibocp xtpc gpz lfd nds gpif ekcqr iimj spserlitar xfmst mvfsitzw ckdflnhgb trxbkeav srqc bgr cjisvumakxbe rwpkq dyg avbar sjpn wrh gvbajev gyjhe zsnthqk sdfqq zjtobgtevow jxy cga hpfpdk lnl jjszyz dzpwqdi rqytadb tmiu flfc eqv lcjh fkxry tmdk zbw bnrjg gacxc rekszrjy szj wiaq vgudajhvpzukf bjpukk ygwpw afpajidocomz hzu keecppnzpjjnj ohr umnzv bltovhcmp uwt atijlwf cbnl svbaz jim omtf pnbsrj czmsaq prulndhu jbjfode tplzl qtn ehfrwuwrfmzcv xfl hzdgbbputgmiuu kcntmal mqtu bibbi lhntr ean end pgp signature. 
don't have emergency fund 'stash' lying around that what you mean. 
Quote from September pmQuote from August pmIf Canada GFN went direct would never need use market ever again. 
Quote from happygal April amNot mention the bug that was found just few hours ago. 
hope any users have been using PGP because bunch users dox has just been found via unencrypted pm's that were made available the public due the bug. 
would shitting myself right now had unencrypted pm's. 
Stay safe people HGReally Thats interesting news where about did you read this I'd like see into more. 
vend ONLY Alpha Bay now that DHL gave the boot for reasons have yet find out and have not had single problem with coins gone missing withdrawal not being pushed through. 
get good amount orders from Alpha and have yet have them pull fast one least that. 
I'd also say that they have far the most sophisticated bitcoin server have ever come across the years I've operated DNMs. 
The partial digit pin speed and the fragmenting withdrawals pretty impressive. 
don't think they will anywhere JUST yet feel like sure they have shitty support but does DHL. 
had pulls ome fucking teeth get coins back from DHL was pain the ass. 
They canceled all the orders offer full escrow support AFTER they locked out account. 
Thats pretty bad you gotta admit. 
fact that sucked who would that Cancel all escrow order after had marked them shipped while locking out. 
Yeah DHL has done over WORST than Alpha bay far. 
Quote from cotlakqueque April pmWhere find the market All can see are the message boards. 
Quote from vitaminLSD June amQuote from ssod June amCurrently connecting the darknet via tails tor bridges. 
com tor spooks Quote Tor the NSA the Washington Post revealed that the NSA had figured out various ways unmasking and penetrating the anonymity the Tor Network. 
Quote from Cosmic Charlie July amStart new account and contact them that one. 
Quote from luxaeterna April pmWould safe enough continue use online back transfer long wash them before sending them vendor here plan doing TAILS PGP LBC Electrum wash helix market vendor. 
Well don't have anything say about grammar syntax but have something say about Reddit DNM. 
First all doesn't matter what the vector attack particular vulnerability the problem that correlation aggregates and UIs unique identifiers can identify people just much posting pictures combined with site history what have you all this irrelevant. 
all information which can and will aggregated and used against someone. 
Talking about purchases clearnet and getting into specific details about how business conducted along with dangerously innacurate biased information are threats. 
After much lurking and reading believe that some the moderators DNM after analysis are informants. 
not have proof other than psychological traits from stylography and demeanor have been internet forums and chats since the days Gopher when CERN had the only webpages. 
People give away quite bit when they talk and that something that makes clearnet site dangerous. 
They have corporate structure and have abide regulations and trust Conde Naste reddits owners anymore than trust Wal Mart CostCo. 
This why tell people stay clear vendors that take Paypal CCs the clearnet they can compelled provide evidence against you. 
Reedit lol they can track you and subreddit after browsing DNM don't need money you furry worldnews and then you browse gratefuldead LSD etc. 
then you log tommorow then the next day the same thing there could even you use TOR. 
have been told that using JavaScript TOR alone cannot reveal your identity your browser set correctly but there are number settings TBB which can queried and further added user while grammar might not the issue there are issues and least. 
onion forums are not owned corporate media won't encourage you risky shit someone actually recommended that one order MDMA domestically the because Canada foolproof and cheaper because they want people take risky orders the want people break the law and brag about publicly. 
don't take sides this shit but after Evo I'm feeling negativity whole other level from dnm and while will still read your shilly reviews have not and will never post login that section the website browse outside totally new TOR connection with scripts off and cache cleared. 
suggest others the same don't post comment its trap and not good one like trapmusic traphouse what have you. 
logged friday morning gmt timeAll funds were sitting there same number nothing touchedI fairly confident agora still safe the same time action seems the best solution TMG. 
Quote from Knuckles October. 
Although one day meo gave shitload energy but this chemical odd that everytime I've taken its always been bit different what does. 
I've noticed that about well. 
Seems have mind it's own. 
Abraxas vendor bond BTCI won't use abraxas simply because don't trust them have their site configured correctly. 
com DarkNetMarkets comments dont use abraxas leaked clearnet Nucleus vendor bond BTCI won't use Nucleus because I've seen all kinds vendors saying crazy shit about them their site obviously requires javascript display correctly check out their site without javascript looks broken fuck. 
Any market that relies javascript will never trust. 
DHL vendor bond BTCI'm hesitant use DHL because. 
saw some reddit threads with people saying their code basically Evolution's code could the same people though don't think DHL looks much like Evolution did. 
they have very few vendors think. 
I'm not exactly familiar with how their vendor approval process works but seeing their site made think not like that normal market. 
some parts their site look broken without javascript. 
Seriously who allows javascript while using tor AlphaBay vendor bond AlphaBay works great has lot nice features. 
It's not the prettiest and it's run people who are obviously with theft which not good sign all but works very well and large market. 
BTCMiddle Earth Marketplace looks good. 
was put off first their theme but after seeing the site realized that does not really matter. 
They have lot categories which cool. 
Silkittie vendor bond BTCSilkittie very nice looking market very clean. 
like but mostly resident members pretty small. 
onion Hansa vendor bond BTC. 
Hansa market looks nice and more like Evolution than DHL does. 
been down again all morning for. 
Quote from Knuckles October pmI'm still iffy meo. 
and more clear headed. 
But MXE really gives that euphoria something meo lacks. 
thought meo was supposed last longer but seems about the same length mxe. 
It's different and doesn't have the sensational euphoria that MXE provides. 
It's shame mean it's enjoyable but. 
don't know there just seems more confusion but think that's because it's just THAT dose dependant. 
TBH When did precisely measured and hour later had clear headed good euphoric experience fact got news during that grandma had passed away. 
and was just rather spiritual that point other people had texted the same time well all serendipitous fashion nothing relating grandma but people important never the less and just was unreal. 
All just coincidence though and bit off topic. 
wanted use volumetric dosing with MEO PCP think would diluted Vodka ratio that each would hold and would provide with precisely. 
that essentially what you where describing but with only time. 
Quote from bbkf February pmThe change new kernel and reports users having issues including dirtysouf not being able verify the signing key has stuck TAILS. 
Quote from crepuscular February pmBut for people who may have trouble getting coins that are totally unlinked them. 
Quote from cerver February pmQuote from OldIsGold February pmWhat's the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now Bitcoinfog would say that bitcoinfog the best. 
Quote from Organix March pmAre you talking about dream nuc nucleus they that but dream the pgp optional. 
Alphabay may one the biggest markets right now but that still doesn't take away the fact that it's ran bunch carders. 
fact market should trusted. 
Either way they just might implemending tumbler service just try and get much coins moving through their market possible that they can pull fast one over. 
I'm not pointing fingers anything just saying. 
You don't want trust them tumble your coins they get seized the feds get image the server you're screwed. 
But the feds won the coins and the databases. 
They probably can correlate everything. 
Not say that you can trust tumblers that don't anything else than that not run not keep logs each and every transaction. 
You can also loose BTC the way. 
But sounds better than using mixer don't know how they work and they keep log. 
Aren't there two many fees the way guess each exchange takes some little fees isn't the rate going it's all good but it's stable did you calculate how much your system would cost mix BTC. 
The following gives approximation the general time line LSD Mushrooms Mushroom tincture and MDMA effects from oral ingestion. 
Hour LSD Mush Tinc. 
MDMA Administration substanceO OnsetPs Peak startPe Peak endS Stability trip rollB BaselineThe timing usually set all substances reach the point the same time maximize synergy and minimize extending the time from the initial the final. 
LSD then Mushrooms then MDMA redosing MDMA within hours most. 
With your dosage LSD should dominate over the Mushroom tincture but the MDMA dosage sounds good unless there tolerance. 
Sounds like will good time either way. 
Quote from DiMiTreeZ March pmI agree. 
Oasis pretty awesome nice looking site designed well. 
Can someone explain the donation thing though there absolutely fees that they demand Its just what you feel like donating that sure different and very respectable But sure hope that people are donating they have the drive stay legit and grow popularity. 
Yes they are completely donation supported. 
They require bond for new vendors but they waive this for vendors that can confirm they are already established other markets and the bond returned new vendors after orders. 
Listings and sales are completely free Oasis does not take percentage fee for listings sales. 
our sales the market and plan continue doing that. 
From what can assess they not need our donations support maintain and continue develop the market. 
They plan continue with without significant vendor donations and sound like they are set. 
get the impression they know what they are doing. 
think are good recognizing these things. 
feel safe this ship. 
Quote from rec July amProblem see that not many people use there isn't much you can with those. 
And you can't blend with thousand users possible with BTC. 
But about Monero for example there enough people already using Monero and the daily volume trafic high enough transactions previous week. 
info stats AND the Monero system designed private without VPN TOR ISP can see you are connected Monero network and could maybe see Monero trafic transactions but can never tell who you send XMR from who you receive them and the transferred coins are automatically mixed the system they can not traced unlike BTC. 
The blockchain opaque and crypted only you your wallet with private key outgoing transaction can log the XMR blockchain decrypt and trace ONLY this one transaction you Today Poloniex. 
com exchange btc xmr Monero the second coin after Ethereum volume BTC. 
There are less people using Cloakcoin network now and the daily volume Cloak low traded Bittrex but it's the same. 
Monero also perfect way tumble anonymize the BTC you bought with link your real indentity see post. 
For info DNM adopting Monero XMR altcoin August Alphabay and Oasis the biggest Darknet Markets are discussing XMR implementation. 
com Monero comments alphabay and oasis the biggest darknet markets August Oasis confirms XMR implementation. 
com Monero comments yklcp oasis confirms xmr implementation longer August SIGAINT and Monero Tor node. 
com questions sigaint and monero tor node enables Tor user easily transact Monero using thin client while securely maintaining the keys their wallet their computer all while not even exiting Tor The SIGAINT operators firmly believe that Monero the next logical step Darknet commerce. 
solves most the privacy problems that plague cryptocurrency systems such Bitcoin. 
SIGAINT Monero Tor node. 
com monero becomes the darling cryptocurrency the darknet. 
Quote from tortrip April amQuote from Spitfire December pmI thought was great too until they started serving ads through Torads. 
Quote from HalfPint August amI would weary switching. 
Quote from sillywabbit May pmQuote from dardush May amThanks sillywabbit you have any chance invite code did not need one. 
Quote from Lobster November pmQuote from DarcM November amEverything was okay the end. 
MingW hQEMA LoqtXmcLnWAQf AVZV UjlnBUwduTjq mGANT lspiObJhFb OYP cnEWF tIq WzI sDfT kqauSH ptSueT RklrDrO IULKZqxUJ MuKI bIsNkRS Xun RTTQsmSaI RtQg NZqfrP gBXI uzm cSuLEaVhTnG nWHAFT ErdAUfc VFl ixsqIcRpew VjTJO tRmxBrVLfFro Qgmn ZHm JMAYbMuG OrBQtCH kCNYiZCfjwSD YVSaupQ NiS hZYdxieC IwkPs unwOzZupq zLA END PGP MESSAGE. 
Quote from darknetdreamer November amSound interesting. 
Quote from June pmHey UncleAl would reccommend using separate USB key DVD microSD for keys and other sensitive things that you need have encrypted. 
Quote from bombheadie January amIf anyone paid for anything they did not receive please message. 
has anyone tried these blotters from john any feedback the quality. 
have taken look the Apple Market and does appear have some good features however before hand over bit coin become vendor here list complaints. 
want search products country appears that does not function very well. 
Say want search all drugs available Canada the search feature will not that. 
Many customers the dark web prefer shop domestically they can avoid the hassle having their purchase through customs. 
Having search feature which allowed the user isolate all items sellers domestically would standard feature must. 
Why Apple asking for full bit coin deposit for vendors. 
You are not the Big Apple and myself not trust such new market asking for such big deposit. 
feelings that not like gamble money that could lose Apple goes rotten. 
Plus with few vendors site would probably take months vendor even probably have sale. 
When became vendor Alphabay earned over deposit bitcoin within week. 
Dream Market have yet make sale they are waste time. 
why are your percentages high for your commission. 
Why would put much stock trade your site when Alphabay offering. 
just bit too far over the top. 
advice until your site grows and catches the big boys you would better lower your commission. 
suggest you start about seeing how presently your site just baby. 
Quote from uncleal February amQuote from sillywabbit February pmvery likely although from the rise other markets the fact that evo and agora are still. 
used darknetmarkets for month two. 
was OPSEC fuck and I'll admit that. 
I've since deleted reddit account. 
But I'm still not sure wether can ever recover from that OPSEC blunder used fake persona and told many lies there and never made single order while had reddit account maybe discreditted myself just some teenage kid telling lies seem cool the internet but I'm still not sure wether OPSEC will ever recover from that. 
advice everyone stay away from there. 
for grammar Come guys this place supposed different from the clearnet. 
We're all supposed spread love not grammar nazi's and argue like the fools reddit. 
long the message intended sent recived really don't see the big deal. 
AlphabayDream seems fairly popular well. 
Valhalla personally don't care for the layout. 
Quote from April pmit's more like dating illegal but what happens between two consenting adults drugs online still illegal though. 
Quote from bruce August pmQuote from anon August amThis place really cool just made account and have been browsing the boards too was expecting market but honestly this way better There's already ton markets this COMMUNITY Exactly Welcome the garden. 
Quote from bubblybubbles February pmQuote from sterlingsword December amQuote from ultrabear December amI for one love the idea Sterling but not see the issue with some type small fee help cover operational expenses your end. 
Quote from December amWow much thought went into this. 
Quote from uncleal April pmWhat's with that Agora link that pishing link did they just add second URL That's the former URL that's longer being used. 
Quote from britneystoke May amI would not recommend currently using Agora. 
Seems like Agora down again since this morning. 
When down the alternative urls have worked. 
onion Yes the end bit invite code. 
Quote from NordicShrooms September amAnyone have any experiences with Dream Been trying set there but I'm getting some weirdness with account. 
Interested hearing any experiences with the site. 
Just update this Dream has really fast customer service everything turned out. 
can now found here well. 
onion nordicshrooms search submit. 
Quote from koolcid March amI was copy and pasting and when went past into PGP must've misclicked something and recopied the original text not looking just clicked Ctrl and Send i'm just wondering messages are stored TMG servers even after the message deleted and whether should burn the address now. 
Using SSL hidden service stupid and unnecessary Tor makes HTTPS connection default. 
Quote from boomshankar July amgood day brothers and sisters any chance somebody have agora market invite link would infinite thankful. 
lots love lol you must hiding under one those virtual rocks. 
I'm trying set I've managed work out what need with Electron but now need sign transactions which Electron can't. 
Tried Apple along with other markets besides alphabay and these markets just doesn't jive with. 
I'm usually found DHL here and the avengers. 
Quote from herpiusderpius August pmAgora has posted message stating that they're moving their servers while they take down paus the website. 
Who knows when they'll back. 
Would advise against doing any further business there the mean time. 
Although this seems like smart move their part they are believed. 
are still moving BTC out but hopefully can direct some our customers here. 
com filosottile hstoolsVendors careful you decide setup your own shop Presidente said The Hub Quote from PresidenteThis was first publicised Donncha O'Cearbhaill mid. 
anybody can sendme convite referral link this market thanks. 
Quote from love all around May pmI NOT miss logging into Agora and seeing pornographic images used many listings plastered all accross screen. 
Hopefully the dosages aren't absurd ruin the experience all three. 
Yes course for too until now used BTC for all psychedelics drugs began Evolution then here and worked but I'm really not peace mind the police would really trace BTC trail real identity. 
And course it's now only theorical discussion XMR CLOAK vendor accept them But. 
nobody speaks about customers ask vendors about vendor would never start try use these better and safer altcoins I'm only trying inform and open eyes and maybe with chance have little positive impact the way the market evolves And. 
REALLY the methods gave here above are LEAST good any BTC tumbler system Helix. 
get clean BTC not linked your identity Even yes understand won't able pay vendors XMR soon. 
Still BTC XMR BTC exchanges are already great tools And last but not least you buy XMR low price and sell them higher price you can get BTC return BTC invested. 
But you need follow the XMR CLOAK markets exchanges everyday and also have little bit chance. 
Quote from SnackTime July amSo having some trouble. 
Abraxas being down most likely due the bitcoin surgeOr that what hopeCheers. 
Quote from dxuutx May pmThis why would never trust DNM with something important that would affect real life like IRL dealers who borrow money for their supply and then DNM goes down and it's all Fuck I'm dead owe money some bad people heroin addicts some WHERE'S DEPOSIT and going through withdrawal. 
Quote from scroat August pmIt was actually particular key that was causing the problem. 
number Market atm Abraxas loved since the start can see its only going get bigger and bigger with more and more drugs for Cheers Dolmio. 
Quote from rec July amWhy not using Qubes Comes with whonix. 
Possibility chain VPNs easily. 
are read only would make harder for attacker modify your system than using Ubuntu. 
Well took your advice and tried Qubes. 
Now before any further very technically capable and experienced. 
Qubes opinion HORRIBLE Here's why. 
It's way too slow Data transfers between app vm's are what they are normally. 
Even installing app's via the Konsole lags system with very good hardware. 
But Qubes times slow tails. 
have the minimum system requirements and the system still not usable desktop replacement. 
Simple things like converting audio video would impossible due the speed the. 
EXTREMELY difficult install use. 
took around hours get the damned thing installed system that tested confirmed working the developers. 
After installation took hours upon hours reading through the crappy documentation learn how get basic tasks done. 
There absolutely way average buyer vendor could figure out how use this they would need tech specialist. 
Compatibility with most laptops PC's poor. 
VERY buggy even system fully tested the developers the was still incredible buggy using the standard Fedora Debian templates that comes with. 
I'm talking graphics displaying improperly freezing crashing etc. 
did figure out how work around all the bugs but was means pleasant experience. 
Very small development team. 
people start using this doubt they will able keep with patching exploits. 
know system hackable and mostly dependent the end user. 
GUI was not very well built. 
everything has done from command line. 
Maybe would awesome for someone who huge fan Xen. 
But for the average user. 
Quote from ZergRush June amI'm curious what everyone's problem drug you care share. 
Not necessarily right now but your life general the substance that has been the hardest for you kick that's turned your life upside down the most that's threatened your life most. 
I'm curious because I'd also like know how you overcame what you resist where you are now. 
I'd like share and hear others experiences that maybe can get tips from each other help overcome our problem drug new methods for resisting. 
currently opiate free and have been for awhile. 
But had mild moderate addiction and the one drug cannot even dabble anymore because the possibility that might take over yet still crave regularly. 
Mescaline LSD and mushrooms are what helped kick the habit and keep away. 
Also exercise and meditation and just keeping myself busy. 
love hiking and riding bike. 
used struggle with adderall had script but that never really had hold like opiates did. 
I'm grateful passed them and hope strive stay that way. 
Psychedelics really just helped see that there better life other than nodding off all the time and doing nothing with time. 
don't have any problem drug. 
Thank you for sharing this experience happy that you overcame. 
Sharing love your way. 
Quote from March pmNice addition the garden and those are all great psychedelics Thank you just hope can contribute little something this site. 
Quote from DoseHeavy November pmYou're little late the party. 
seller 'Natural Weed' arrested German buyer prosecuted over seller records server image. 
com SilkRoad comments seller natural weed arrested german buyer. 
Check out reddit the dnm's thread there warning now. 
use occasion although everything encrypted not worried. 
Treat everyone asif they could and you will fineedit terms exit scam feel like its inevitable. 
What are the other possible conclusions the story wont last forever they scam they bow out gracefully and give all vendors and users their money would hope say option but they really dont seem like the kind group that. 
tip always keep your coin cold storage offline. 
even takes mins process each transaction take your coins with you when you leave. 
Nuclues market seems favorite. 
saw post bit ago about how all the big sites have been getting DDoSd pretty hard lately. 
And then agora getting the evolution 'refugees' too can believe that theyre not planning going out business any time soon. 
also was able log today. 
Buy laptop from craigslist your local recycler etc. 
always use grams when i'm looking find particular product but then stick with vendor once i've found someone reliable. 
their customer service also great you need edit your pgp information vendor and have both keys available for verification i'm sure they'll work with you fix your profile. 
Quote from February pmThe friendly admins have enabled the feature that allows opt out appearing online when are. 
Ive been using oasis regularly now works amazing. 
Quote from Alberthoffman March pmHelloWhat you have your money your wallet and friends wallets are competly empy can clearly how some one transfered bitcoints from agora another wallet blockchain That's the internal mixer bud. 
Agora seems down Cheers. 
can also vouch for Oasis market have only been open Oasis for couple weeks now but its very user friendly for both buyers and vendors and far have complaints everything has been smooth sailing lol Much Love Family. 
Another option use service like purse. 
You trade your bitcoins person who uses their money buy you something from Amazon. 
You get the privacy benefits plus discount items because people are willing pay premium for BTC. 
I've never tried but it's something look into. 
thanks know vendors when they withdraw. 
But wondering marketplace wallet known market when shown the blockchain does look like normal coin wallet seems like lot money spent tumbling tumble coins before sending market and then the vendor tumbles again when they withdraw. 
But safety first just want some clarification this matter. 
Quote from bombheadie March pmI've just been very good mood lately this why doing this and positive karma for being good mood Seriously thank you for going through all this trouble make this near mythical substance available. 
haven't been able login nucleus all day. 
can't even get the start screen. 
Anyone else have problem with. 
just spoke vendor like use said its the site having trouble not exit scam hopefully this puts minds ease little. 
Quote from throwaway account April amWell Evolution Abraxas and Middle Earth were not run carders far know but they exit scammed. 
the biggest market right now and everyone who got phished complaining. 
maybe there are some real problems and bugs going but don't see any other market who constantly improve things favor their customers. 
They improved their security and always adding features. 
What see other markets constantly bashing get bad reputation. 
And think they won't exit scam just because they're carders. 
They need the community they created. 
I'll correct you real quick. 
Evolution was known run carders. 
Middle Earth and Abraxas have idea what sort nefarious characters ran those. 
BOth which burned combined BUThey. 
Thats what you get part operating the space. 
It's the nature the elements. 
Quote from Summa Iru April amYou just made thread the best market you're already there here far psychedelics everything you could want here and opinion psychedelics are the only 'drugs' worth pursuingWell put. 
Quote from linalool July amThey still haven't made this the default setting Any reasoning behind that drugs. 
Quote from JustMe September pmShort and simplified answer Because not end end encrypted when somebody catches your traffic everyone hosting exit node can catch that hosts some exit nodes for that purpose you are fucked you just gave away your address and time arrival. 
Quote from Salamander June You can sort look place that you can come discuss products vendors and other markets anything else really. 
bumpcan anyone help with this least point the right direction who where should ask this. 
I'm sure some you are questioning the credibility their message. 
what the fear that the site taken over LEO Well since there way prove discern that what would make one decide leave would seem foolish leave for some other market that possibly could also run LEO speculations alone. 
Their message seems legit like they really have the best interests mind. 
Personally believe website was being overtaken LEO there would announcements. 
Things would just appear run normal. 
Being the Devils' advocate don't think I'd want create disinterest rouse suspicion otherwise affect the sentiments trust the user base. 
I'd want stealthily investigate and takeactions needed. 
I'm sure allot these markets are sponsored LEO. 
They are getting their drugs the markets too. 
The War Drugs effectively over even not law there just way stop people and transacting. 
They might try nab people who resell IRL and will certainly succeed many cases but that's not going stop the continual flow. 
Quote from Eden August amWe have some doses laid with like LSD. 
These are some fire tabs and are laid with special blend. 
These are cool because you can get one hit and either share with couple friends have the trip lifetime lot dots and blots back the day were some people like having the option for some old school hits. 
what made you roll with that They sound exquisite. 
just switched over from using TAILS. 
I'm now using the latest desktop version Ubuntu with VPN Hardened TOR browser Armory KeePassX GPA. 
Are there any other tools could using increase security for cleaning after using tools Particularly interested tools erase the traces the RAM other traces usage Thank you for your help. 
Quote from March amThis will last post this thread and opting out the sample any future purchases. 
Quote from dolmio April ami dont see why buyers have fear about this Because. 
Quote from dolmio April ami dont see why buyers have fear about this personal privacy should everyone's concernthis the reason our privacy gets shitted right now every way imaginable. 
Quote from March pmGoing through every page this thread think the summary follows Receivedxncsux Interest Dibs but Package ever zipstyle Never received reply from BHapostleofjor actual order and not sample rictor know not everyone the above list probably sent sample request order formally but they postured the forum they were included them. 
Quote from May amQuote from Knuckles May pmI miss the original Silk Road. 
Quote from love all around February pmIs there particular reason your ALD blotter nearly double the price blotter and nearly the price lowest tier bulk get you've got expenses time put into laying your own gear. 
Quote from Cidkid July pmhas anyone tried these blotters from john any feedback the quality can vouch for them. 
tabs the Bear's Love last night and was blown away. 
John claims they're overlaid least had approximately. 
The visuals and introspection were crazy. 
highly recommend them especially only bucks tab. 
Quote from February pmWelcome bombheadie very nice thread look forward seeing you grow the Garden. 
Quote from xncsux March That's odd wonder why received sample. 
Quote from March amQuote from LiquiFried March amHi Gang daytripper and others waiting did anything arrive yet. 
Quote from BestFriend December amQuote from yajer December amIsn't majestic garden store how you access Sir madam you are the garden. 
believe that they will back but won't for weeks. 
Quote from Rasputin June pmWell case had nothing with Agora deposits was because marketplace had locked funds preventing withdrawl because broke rule withdrawing funds without making purchase. 
Quote from Ami July pmQuote from SalviaGoddess July pmi agree that crashing MDMA while tripping LSD not pretty. 
probably one the worst experiences entire life. 
call the candyflop That's probably one these rare cases where MDMA redose would have been beneficial. 
are definitely hitting this DMT got. 
Now about the redose. 
Quote from dardush January pmYou have everything you need right here. 
Quote from vitaminLSD June amTails not secure for serious DNM activities and here's the first reason why. 
Time will tell this scare tactics not. 
But would assume that they are too busy prosecute everyone whose address available them. 
don't see neither why buyers don't use PGP nor why many vendors still use keys they seem have created years ago. 
you read few threads for newcomers you can acquire all the knowledge you need. 
Quote from Study Buddy July pmEnjoy. 
can't believe those were only rated are you sure you didn't mix them with the Aalbion Asian Xtal you are advertising coming soon the keyboard phone was melting under fingertps the colors were all over the place and the dark with eyes closed green red spiderwebs fractals everywhere. 
Quote from dankbank May pmGood guide you. 
Quote from ultrabear December amI for one love the idea Sterling but not see the issue with some type small fee help cover operational expenses your end. 
Quote from DRBT April pmI just spoke vendor like use said its the site having trouble not exit scam hopefully this puts minds ease littleI hope that's true. 
Nucleus seemed very well run site and would suck for everyone lose their wallet escrow coin due never coming back. 
Quote from dewr November pmWhat link that Will search the forums for. 
Altcoin means alternative coin yes different electronic currency. 
Cloakcoin for example different thing than Bitcoin. 
The concept and way working are the same except for the anonymity technics but these coins are not compatible. 
you can't transfert Bitcoin Cloakcoin Monero wallet. 
get Cloakcoin alternative currency you can buy directly the altcoin for CLOAK. 
buy cloakcoin for example and ask the shop send the CLOAK receiving address given the CLOAK wallet installed your computer. 
you can exchange Bitcoins into Cloakcoins free Bittrex account. 
com Market Index MarketName BTC CLOAK. 
You create account you send Bitcoins your online Bittrex account and then you buy Cloakcoins any other altcoin listed Bittrex with your BTC. 
Then you can leave your CLOAK your CLOAK Bittrex online wallet ask Bittrex send the Cloakcoins your home computer desktop CLOAK wallet. 
Bittrex and other exchanges seems difficult use because many infos graphs and numbers the screen but not it's really easy don't afraid. 
CLOAK the official shortened name Cloakcoin BTC for Bitcoin XMR for Monero. 
For information today CLOAK historical very low price good time buy CLOAK costs. 
This past few months the CLOAK price was average. 
you can buy now and resell later Bittrex even you don't use your CLOAK for anything else should easy way make money because the price CLOAK going rise again. 
About Monero XMR the price now. 
BTC for XMR the average price last few months was. 
hope helped Don't hesitate ask newbie question Monero. 
php topic there are some really bad guys but most are very nice people who are going kindly help you. 
Ask kind and nicely. 
you have any doubts say ahead and tumble. 
percent fee worth peace mind. 
Quote from August amI've seen more clearnet sites that sell trypamines than have DNMs. 
Quote from DoseHeavy July amTake the shroom juice first. 
When you start feel and trip take the. 
After another hours eat the mdma. 
This way all ends the same time and you dont have crash the middle the LSD trip. 
You may want get some DMT vape the end the trip hours. 
you want them end the same time you would need take the LSD first. 
LSD can last hours where psilocybin lasts. 
agree that crashing MDMA while tripping LSD not pretty. 
Quote from slowmike April pmlol nuke didn't sell anything DHL nuke was run bunch incompetent peoples. 
was pretty sure point their mods were just copy pasting standard replies onto dispute thread some gibberish couldnt remember but two different mods posted the same generic response. 
who sold what evolution probably sold their logo nucleus wont surprised were the same lot mods who were left out and jobless from evo admin after kimble verto pulled their shit its downright stupid trust market thats been hacked yet people keep trusting market with escrow vendor apparently lost over gees order its tough luck but gotta smart ahead the marketsNuke was launched before around even before Evo switched many names Nuke did one point believe they did tease the idea using the name course someone had the least one brain cell left there lolI'm sure that's not how went just saying some uncanny similarities don't get wrong shop DHL all the time. 
Quote from Lobster November amLooks like you've been keeping yourself busy applaud you your efforts make the darknet better place. 
Quote from gardener June pmKeep mind that Tails comes with firewall set allow only tor traffic. 
Quote from gardener June pmA VPN will hide the fact that you use TOR from your ISP don't expect any more protection. 
com anonymous vpn service provider review Quote Interviewer What steps are taken when valid court order requires your company identify active user your service Has this ever happened Quote Mullvad get requests from governments from time time. 
The Mullvad Sweden servers would almost certainly the most secure ones since they are Mullvad's home country and when the Mullvad writer here referring servers they've assembled and configured themselves and that are data centers with ambitious physical security this would almost certainly include the Sweden one Quote Interviewer you have physical control over your VPN servers and network are they outsourced and hosted third party which ones Where are your servers located Quote Mullvad have range servers. 
net price terms privacyYou can also pay them Bitcoins. 
Quote from DoseHeavy November pmYou should look modded version AFLAO bitwasp. 
don't want DOXX but this type work fairly often I'm extremely confident that can architect flawless system atleast should flaw noted solution would implemented that would please everyone. 
believe they have dirty Mods. 
Quote from EnigmaticSmile August amgambling crimeDamn. 
Let that sink for bit and realize the cause have here truly fueled inner believe rights and liberties rather than sneaky way accomplish something shady. 
com Monero comments ced guide using monero with tor correctly and also have look. 
Quote from bbkf February pmThe upgraded kernel the same flavor Linux used Redhat which works very closely with the Government. 
can't believe how much people say confess brag lie brag about the reddit subreddits stupid. 
you shouldnt even replying commenting anything clearnet username all. 
EDIT longer issue Resolved Thanks haven't been able log into Nucleus for bit. 
Not sure what's going there's any kind technical fault this morning GMT UTC anyway but. 
keep trying log but keep getting the same error message saying that I've got the captcha wrong. 
And yeh it's definitely the right url Can anyone else lig Nucleus right now Might just temporary fault t's pretty inconvenient I'm interested know where the problem lies. 
Quote from Wilderness June amNice thanks friends Loving Agora atm for any other market place dont use any off them aprt from AGORA. 
Quote from Fatfreddie December Okay thanks for the info. 
Quote from Smokey June amI think they really did sift through every message and order and were charging people who didn't encrypt their address there would mass amount arrests. 
think more than anything it's scare tactics. 
Reminds the days MPAA RIAA actively attempting fine people for downloading movies music. 
There obviously way they will prosecute everyone they pick few slam dunk cases try scare people into not doing these things. 
But you're definitely right there are people STILL that don't encrypt addresses. 
Just seems crazy that you wouldn't take this simple precaution. 
Quote from humblebumble September pmAlthough you log into public wifi your MAC address would recorded that network. 
Quote from beetlejews August ami havent gotten btc yet either. 
Whats this bit about selling ipads and iphones joke may turn out great market perhaps later will look into but for now I'm satisfied with the markets I'm. 
Quote from xncsux March amQuote from missinghouse March amI will say that his packaging was decent but the outside the envelope was extremely amateur. 
Where are most the vendors shipping from they have decent selection. 
decided since that's how the tabs work out. 
Yes will reporting back month actually. 
Please stay away from markets under ddos attacks suffered such attacks There technique that forces server enter insecure circuit circuit made entirely from dickbleedable nodes constantly ddosing. 
Here good read from the tor dev forums warning clearnet. 
org pipermail tor dev November. 
Monero seems real nice. 
The problem you need BTC get Monero. 
takes off exchanges will pop. 
There are many altcoins. 
Quote from dardush May amThanks sillywabbit you have any chance invite code did not need one. 
I've agree about being relatively benign. 
haven't had any negative side effects tbh only positive and now I've switched trying meo pcp. 
Which much more powerful even. 
dollar scale doesn't well enough job weighing precisely and I've been told take then hour later for the best trip. 
did successfully once and was wonderful extremely close MXE but not social not enlightening. 
much more superficial which didn't dig very much. 
Too many people are capitalizing the MXE drought right now that don't trust any these vendors selling out India Abraxas but maybe someone will and I'll able off their reviews. 
Quote from dolmio July amQuote from Rasputin June pmWhich are the biggest and most popular the markets this time Agora the biggest and BEST look futher Agora has all Cheers Dolmio Error Cannot register this time user limit reached. 
can only hope seems like long time down now though. 
Quote from gardener June pmMaybe some VPN providers can trusted but it's hard tell before there actual problem. 
That's how you know they're serious about protecting their users' privacy Quote from gardener June pmI don't know swedish law their claims can true but they could greedy entrepreneurs logging much they can the safe side even honeypot sadly have way tell. 
Likewise with HideMyAss this was their excuse for their actions Quote HideMyAss Our VPN service and VPN services general are not designed used commit illegal activity. 
Quote from gardener June pmMullvad software seems only create firewall rules block anything that's not going through VPN network interface. 
Quote from gardener June pmRestoring image nice but the host compromised your image can compromised too. 
Quote from gardener June pmPhysical isolation said better than software isolation. 
Quote from gardener June pmFor most users Tails TBB Linux with strong firewall probably enough don't you think the government knowing their DNM username the day they anonymize Tor connection theirs and find that it's coming from their home address isn't concern them then Tails good enough. 
Quote from gardener June pmIf you want extra safe use air gaped machine encrypt your stuff and keep your private key. 
Quote from gardener June pmTails nice because you don't need read lot documentation get started works out the box and supposed secure you trust those who created the iso. 
Quote from Mist April pmHey everyone Update your PGP keys. 
this was pointed out another beautiful soul and realized they were right. 
key was old and leaked information like what operating system had. 
Not major issue but you may want consider. 
some examples old key headers showing operation system and versions. 
GNU Linux BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK Version GnuPG. 
MingW BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK Version GnuPG. 
MingW take the few minutes check you PGP and safe. 
update and keep your old key case someone needs know you are who you are. 
yes you can delete the header when you post but its still old. 
This has been public service message from the Mist. 
love lighton linux you can save yourself from manually deleting the version line forgetting delete with the gpg option emit versionlike gpg emit version armor export yourkey. 
I'm sure I'm indexed their lost forums wherever those servers went obviously the hands EYE SKUM Anyways point was going jump Nuke afaik has had the BonesKoopa Tread with ultimate caution stamp disapproval their whole framework has been broken since day one and the admins have never made effort improvise fix their PGP Public Key system how works the marketplace has been broken for long time what mean with OPSEC computer browser Nuke looks broken can't place PGP Public Key 'cause need lower end SEC don't think mean was bad enough had take learning curve using Hansa multi sig system which find very questionable and true fashion HoneyPot protocol make everyone use newer supposedly opensourced cutting edge multi sig platform pen tested who again IDK End story made out plenty pen testing Nukes flawed escrow system hope you guys fixed that the way hint digital backend vendor listing settings wouldn't shop there myself unless knew vetted vendor and them I'd just offer the whole transaction off the market somewhere else. 
It's amazing people still use after all this time forum proven exit scams straight hijacking the site lol IDK I'm not but holy shit Nuke lives it's name goes shows not many people keep with forums just fucks given attitude has come many buyers and this how major scams bloom Shit I've been slacking the Social Engineering Game lol shit does pay off just ask Abraxas Marketplace Sorry figured I'd finally put BonesKoopa Marketplace Tread with Caution Nucleus Marketplace Just stir little shit with you paranoid motherfuckers. 
Nucleus sold DHL the GUI The similarities are uncanny specially aforementioned under configurations have actually lower SEC navigate DHL also though not compromising Nuke. 
Food for though like said know shit I'm just junkie with the balls test out every marketplace and it's vendors international not any drug prove that' we're winning Stay safe stay awesome kids. 
Quote from Organix April pmI haven't been able login nucleus all day. 
Anyone else have problem with Seems like it's been down all day. 
Quote from vitaminLSD June pmQuote from Gleeful June pmQuote from vitaminLSD June amTails not secure for serious DNM activities and here's the first reason why. 
Experimented with various benzos for about year two the most dangerous one was Phenazepam ultra long half life ended blacking out for days during one session and stopped using them recreationally after that. 
Never experienced withdraws because never took too much took them daily basis but you can become dependent fast panic attacks upon quitting you get used your medication and seizures you get physically dependent. 
DOC and problem drug class Dissociative with MXE moved Ketamine and then PCP PCE and their derivatives. 
was IM'ing fully anesthetic doses Ketamine every night for about months strait one point. 
Quit for while and then when relapsed got right back into. 
became tolerant the sedative tranquilizing effects which when Ketamine MXE became problem. 
anesthetic dose MXE Ketamine longer caused ataxia sedation and was effectively dissociating myself and blacking out but would then get and start walking around working manic dream mode. 
started using PCP PCE derivatives because they were much more potent potent MXE and like potent Ketamine. 
non tolerant user would fully anesthesized like meo PCP Oxo PCE fully active and VERY strong dose. 
the peak use was injecting Oxo PCE the recommended dose session. 
Once started consuming such large amounts became tolerant immune the sedative effects and started getting dangerous. 
would black out and and active while manic blacked out. 
Ever hear about those people that lift cars take like bullets and keep beating the police because they're high PCP and can't feel pain fear That's. 
never got violent hurt anyone but was NOT aware and posed great danger myself and others. 
that point was actually experiencing pain physical withdraws when came off dose and was redosing every single day multiple times day keep off baseline. 
even woke one morning laying bed like nothing had happened remember taking shot and getting ready lie down for bed. 
When woke was covered cuts bruises and scuffs looked like had been car accident had fallen out tree something. 
was beat the hell Furniture had been mangled destroyed body colliding with furniture had been arranged and there was trail blood drops carpet and blood stains the walls where had made contact. 
was much physical pain could barely walk for the next couple days. 
kept injecting every day. 
Didn't really start weening dose down and attempting cut out use until was shown min video blacked out consecutive shots. 
Ever seen video yourself blacked out drunk house party This was worse heartbreaking. 
last dose was earlier Today and I'm dancing around the idea dosing right now. 
I've made progress but its hard. 
The reason started using was control bipolar. 
mood swings had gotten severe that was jumping from suicide risk full blown mania multiple times per day. 
became addicted MXE because helped rationalize and understand emotions and keep from hitting the suicidal depressive lows. 
later became substitute for suicide was holing holing myself every day because ego death was better than actually killing myself. 
This why Ketamine isn't the list approved substances here TMG. 
Schedule because needed surgical anesthetic. 
powerful psychedelic and great tool for exploring your mind. 
Please careful and don't let become habit. 
Ketamine very strong but fleeting high. 
Quote from sabbatical July pmHonestly don't bother with anything labeled over because find they usually seem underdosed. 
Now lot the vendors around now are pretty legit but it's just rule personally follow. 
doesn't matter much whether I'm eating one piece paper three. 
Besides I'm usually eating five six well dont follow that rule because the more lsd you take the more depth and spiritual awakening you find and you can get that one blotter instead three well then you found yourself bargain. 
Quote from Galindoi July pmAgora the bulk new customers. 
advocate dre market loads blazing fast and decent selection vendors too. 
Quote from KnucklesFromSR February pmThis trial should been extremely highly publicized. 
Quote from Knuckles May pmI'm reading for some macbooks they have wifi problems but looks like can solved getting usb wifi adapterWhere there's will man where there's will. 
It's Fairly tiring keep seeing yet more markets opening that don't really provide anything new really have attractive gane changing unique selling point. 
Take the shroom juice first. 
Quote from SCIdmt March pmQuote from Alberthoffman March pminternal mixer what intressted acid from what country you send When you send your coins Agora they mix with other coins that other users deposited. 
Doesn't sound all that World Changing. 
Sounds like all the other markets with the word Apple added. 
Quote from Astraltraveler June amSo buy from local with cash someone else pays non cash for another one sends from local helix and then from helix market sure thats enough helix another helix what cash its not optional give some couple options. 
Oasis really smooth easy experience the customer side. 
Quote from Rasputin July pmI was under the impression that BlackBank had folded and was unable access their site when tried few weeks ago. 
Quote from March pmQuote from bombheadie March amQuote from apostleofjor March pmhavent eaten good mdma almost year. 
Quote from sterlingsword December amQuote from ultrabear December amI for one love the idea Sterling but not see the issue with some type small fee help cover operational expenses your end. 
Abraxas Alphabay like the layout Abraxas alot but Alphabay more likely get business now since agora pulling the plug. 
Quote from cupinxa May pmanybody can sendme convite referral link this market thanks. 
LOLLMFAO ROFL sorry that was just too funny. 
Quote from paulista March amthumbs for dream market recently opened dispute about escrow order which after weeks wasn't shipped and got btc back within couple hours. 
second vote for dream. 
they have been spot and draw kind vendors the market research chemicals illegal shit being done here. 
Quote from TruffleLover October pmAfter testing marquis and sending labs was discovered meo MIPTWow. 
That's quite stretch call tryptamine MXE. 
Glad you nor any your associates were hurt. 
With the recent bans over China have the unsettling feeling that we'll seeing many more instances this type fraud the near future. 
Supply demand greed and lack scruples not mix well. 
I'd like see lot more interest chemistry the scene. 
Like how was few years ago before got arrested. 
China may not producing these things but why can't They're legal aren't they What's stopping. 
I'm going start new market which will clone Alphabay but I'll change the name slightly 'Alfalfabay' which should bring whole new wholefood fanbase and lets face most drug addled braindead peadophile terrorists love few freshly sprouted seeds once while. 
Wish luck with new venture. 
Quote from bombheadie March amI have had packages land and people are saying that stealth VERY good I'm not getting one over anyone have also updated stealth which you guys will love And I'm not just saying this. 
Quote from imbunnyfufu April pmThat truly sucks. 
Quote from Alberthoffman March pmQuote from SCIdmt March pmQuote from Alberthoffman March pminternal mixer what intressted acid from what country you send When you send your coins Agora they mix with other coins that other users deposited. 
for say coffee and cigs. 
cigs more than anything they make feel like absolute shit. 
they are worst ever. 
and fuks breathing sinuses everything. 
can smoke ganja all day and actually HELPS breathing dont give fuk what these idiot doctors say weed not worse for lungs than cigs esp you eat vape. 
yeah tobacco bad thing life. 
sadly allot friends smoke and often get allured the pack designs real sucker for rollies like drum bali shag whatever. 
have just move and recognize that tobacco poison for body. 
coffee second but love much just have limit. 
makes shit and piss too much and with sleep. 
opiates benzos meth def the worst. 
but enjoy klon xanax relax here and there just dont make habit. 
Could someone please send DHL invite. 
Quote from March amNothing came today either. 
Pot favorite drug but don't really consider drug lol. 
Still haven't smoked almost year due legal issues. 
discuss about qualities Monero you can write here this topic. 
discuss how use Monero please read and write. 
php topic Trying centralize. 
Alcohol amphetamines and dissociatives are all basically poison this point. 
course each built over time different points life. 
really don't have any answers how overcome addiction it's probably something I'll always struggle with. 
SassNaps can definitely relate coming around broken furniture and busted body from dissos. 
abused the hell out MXE for long time without any issues life seemed totally peachy. 
then suddenly turned and all dissociatives now basically turn into blacked out zombie. 
Major change brain chemistry there would say pretty scary. 
Quote from terrantank August pmWhy can't things just run smoothly only got into these darknetmarkets about months ago and it's been nothing but chaos and bad news. 
It's sort always been chaos bad news. 
means there are stints good runs for weeks time sometimes. 
But from the point went down one market after another goes. 
Quote from Guardian March amSo test kits would not approved item since not listed reading that correctly think can safely say test kits would. 
finally got btc after about weeks. 
thank god like said had faith them but unnerving knowing how these operations work. 
lucid has had some maya blotters. 
feels tiny bit underdosed but the crystal totally worth the rather high price. 
Also while you're grab some the hoffmans kois. 
All quality blotter xtal imoQuotewell dont follow that rule because the more lsd you take the more depth and spiritual awakening you findI highly doubt that amount LSD taken directly correlates depth and spiritual awakening. 
What might the perfect dose for one find spiritual enlightenment might over underwhelming for another. 
experience with value lucid already some time ago but haven't heard much negative since then. 
had few Apple computers the past and remember tails was only booting from apple machines. 
There was tails update and then worked all computers. 
its either that did something the computer allow boot can't remember. 
Quote from apostleofjor March pmhavent eaten good mdma almost year. 
Anyway thank you for the infos would also like add few Crypto market down for days now because being uploaded for cryptomktgxdn. 
onionACAS market there's better but you can probably like have look lpwiqq bjenhkucm. 
oniontochka free market tochka evlj sxdv. 
There are also prepaid debit cards that you can buy with cash that may able suit your needs. 
All really need the great people the garden. 
Although really like the look and feel DHL and plan making couple select orders there pretty soon get things can only get there. 
Quote from August pmwhat would you say about simply using mobile PGP program and using text messages Have you ever tried decrypt encrypt message android device The last time tried took minuets. 
Quote from flourpower August pmI thought too didnt take too long figure out it's more like Craigslist than eBay. 
Quote from Greenbuddy May pmQuote from unit May pmu couldn't agree more I've already swore myself I'm sticking micro transactions from now. 
I've been using Helix light and seems good enough unless there's something better. 
Quote from mps June amis not possible for vendor with feedback fact course. 
Well Evolution Abraxas and Middle Earth were not run carders far know but they exit scammed. 
Also said before country it's even easier buy btc Cash machine wall wearing whatever like and put the address where want the btcoins pay with cash and voila. 
way someone can trace. 
This machines are public places and are scared cameras can nightime wearing mask. 
Why complicate things more when they work flawless this way see someone somewhere has something win out this cool. 
Quote from bombheadie March amJust update. 
When try decrpyt message get this error. 
decryption failed secret key not available I'm using key created myself Tails then saved USB flash stick. 
Any ideas what's wrong. 
Ive heard nothing but great things from john need save coin and jump those microdots thats dream. 
Reddit the complete opposite lowkey and low visibility. 
This important message and sure most serious buyers vendors understand. 
type your message into 'gedit' plaintext and save 'Home' sometimes 'Amnesia' KEYx saved plaintext messageNAME name associated with the key. 
Open 'Terminal' and the following commands gpg NAME encrypt xYou will see the message NOT certain that the key belongs the person namedin the user. 
you really know what you are doing you may answer the next question with yes. 
Use this key anyway Type and press ENTER. 
asc located Home with gedit. 
Copy and paste the pgp message wherever you need send. 
Let know how you get. 
Quote from DMaTe June pmWhen try decrpyt message get this error. 
Any ideas what's wrong This likely because the key needed decrypt not loaded onto your system. 
often get this error when customer has used different key encrypt their message often their own key mistakenly and ask them instead use our public key. 
you are using key created yourself then all you have load the private key that corresponds. 
You can this locating the key right clicking and selecting Open With Import Key and you should get notfication say it's been loaded. 
Quote from Paranonymous February amAll really need the great people the garden. 
Guess depends what you need but yeah I'm perfectly happy with the vendors here well and risk exit scams either. 
Quote from Pretzel January pmTo create persistent volume you must boot from DVD USB. 
think they really did sift through every message and order and were charging people who didn't encrypt their address there would mass amount arrests. 
Just confirming that all commissions have been disabled Acropolis Market until the April. 
Quote from Caseysmith April pmWould anyone mind dropping link middle earth I'm looking for sight that has more reliability than agora which unfortunate because really like agora. 
Quote from Coldcuts July pmQuote from CKSM July amQuote from the hippie July can real problem too little isn't enough and too much isn't enough. 
Glad haven't done any almost year. 
Alcohol next one feel sort proud not buying six pack earlier. 
And the hangover the worst. 
Its not drug and its not addictive. 
But think I'm addicted the habit smoking weed probably because I've been smoking every day rolls for more than years and also the addiction can come because mix tobacco with weed. 
might made feel addicted weed where might the nicotine that crave. 
really don't know Same boat thought that weed and tobacco are different drug this mix was called dope once. 
Only thing that i've been doing this for the last years life. 
And offending may sound find weed drug worst than drug even does not leave mark really fast but stains. 
And the thing that burns out like gas and gets consumed the fastest all drugs that know makes even worst. 
Although It's source living and even find similar some medicine from time time it's still drug and the only one that had problems with quiting it's fuckin hard. 
From point view because brain was feed with this since early age and crystallized with this form food will always crave for matter what. 
wanna live life with cravings try drugs after the age. 
Because the brain it's formed enough that point overcome what the hand and mouth couple might throw. 
Love guys Keep spreading Light SassNaps had liters ketamine down veins and muscles when was kid and probably fuckin grams the nose don't feel like i've lost that much and also never felt that this dirty cheap way getting out the daily routine can approached psychedelic it's dissociative drug all the way let dirt. 
there nothing praised about. 
Peace its weird with bud. 
like allot stoner friends smoke ALL day literally. 
They get mellow and everything just groovy for them but. 
dont think they get HIGH like. 
smoke whenever the fuk feel just get lift dont have allot just couple pulls and always works. 
I've never had tolerance weed pace out and feel tolereance take break. 
ANd prefer only smoke when already chilling and can lay down want. 
smoked while before having deal with bills neighbor disputes some drama wouldfuck and I'd feel like bumbling retard. 
Golden Rule taking drugs take drugs only when have time enjoy them. 
Then your chance bad trip minimal. 
Quote from Coldcuts June amStarted looking like second home. 
Quote from Organix March pmThey don't really have though many have requested. 
believe did have rebound effect that way remember when she laid her death bed she had just had stroke and she was staring off into space into what seemed like abyss she was little responsive said something she would grunt. 
felt like she was still making thoughts out but something else was going her mind. 
looked her and gently kissed her the forehead and asked her. 
What you see you see something beautiful the most beautiful thing you've ever seen your life She made slight sound nothing legible. 
said it's you can't tell just. 
blink twice what you see the most beautiful thing you've ever seen. 
and she blinked twice right then and there. 
knew was communicating with her during long experience with death she had stroke and died days later and was that state the whole time but when that moment happened. 
knew she was seeing something unlike anything before. 
like she was experiencing nothing but bliss and beauty things only humans can truly appreciate. 
always ask you where the universe this great big endless expansive universe. 
what would you want more than anything and the answer has always been Someone appreciate existence. 
had this realization when realized that without conscious entity living the universe would the universe didn't exist. 
are here for reason and that admire and appreciate the beauty the universe has and live and love and manifest beauty every way can however can even the face adversity because don't. 
may well consider ourselves asleep. 
Quote from lovelyface April pmHi guys pretty new this and have spent some time trying work out Tails and thinking should get VPN but then read this. 
Quote from ZoxeeBee November amQuote from nordicwhite November amThank you both very much love you both ThinkPad. 
I'd have say problem child drug alcohol. 
For while was getting damn near black out drunk several times week. 
don't get aggressive anything alcohol but I'm experiencing tons anxiety sadness daily life when sober find that carries into drunken state and wind getting pretty severely depressed. 
I've always loved how confident anxiety free alcohol has had the power make and that's what's always drawn. 
had quit drinking entirely for while after very beautiful and insightful LSD trip but some due some negative circumstances life have since relapsed but gradually decreasing the amount that drink. 
don't believe total abstinence from anything that enjoy may always enjoy few drinks moderation here there. 
I've dabbled making some home brew the past and I'd love again but would very easy for get carried away when have that much alcohol disposal. 
Quote from ketaman September amIf you're really worried about security buy laptop locally with cash and only use for browsing however TAILS USB easy use and offers basically equal security. 
you like apples Quote from February let get this straight pay for using this market the vendor pays. 
Quote from goodfornothing April pmQuote from uncleal April pmHere. 
Quote from uncleal February pmQuote from KnucklesFromSR February pmThis trial should been extremely highly publicized. 
Quote from Doses Lysergic January amQuote from dxuutx December pmIf anything this more proof that HoS whoever major target law enforcement and that really shouldn't talking about this business the clearnet anywhere than any notion that the whole sub just honeypot. 
can see domestic weed Vendors doing from borrowed WiFi using TAILs and generally having bullet proof OpSec one cares about weed anymore like they did. 
the vendors aren't really giving anything away except raising their profile bit. 
used vendor that advertised there problems. 
for the buyer though its probably browse you must from secondary device but don't post especially pictures think that might what's going since every reviewthey want pix maybe watermarks extra strings the jpeg headers something. 
its the people buying from abroad big amounts MDMA that the want and sounds like halfof the people are amphetamine selling MDMA which fine but dangerous. 
Weed only much penalty MDMA per gram federally with added for import and even legal decrim most places. 
not hating the hustle should somewhat mystery and not admitting where you are how far from source etc. 
good review just say TMG got here and was good deal then describe your experience. 
DNM doesn't that makes all about documenting the persons drug deal feel bad bro but fuck that then there's the smack crack meth reviews the place like the skid row the markets swear because anyone can write with phone and maybe WiFi even isn't networked. 
love Apple it's great. 
have been using and the vendor base growing. 
Quote from Doses Lysergic January amIt's. 
Guys noob here yet Plz does any body knows active seller brazil some markets from brazil. 
btc for the past days now myself this naturally worrying course and would not worried all Agora could just answer support message which they haven't over the past days but guess this the name the game and you deposit money you cannot afford lose into DNM well that's exactly what you shouldn't. 
Really just hope they get back soon even little ''Don't worry we'll sort for you eventually coming time'' would make happy man because trust Agora but I'd prefer wee little bit communication over weeks period. 
Anyone else have update anything Leppy. 
was recently banned bought and this point it's unknown substance. 
won't reply any messages anything either. 
have bought marquis and mandelin test that are the way help identify what this substance might. 
first was worried had shitload Nbome tested and felt nothing went ahead and smoked and blasted off into stimulating euphoric extremely visual and actually very enjoyable experience with perfectly clear headspace didn't feel once like was risk death. 
heart rate and pressure remained normal. 
Although was already about Etizolam taken about hours before doing all this which who knows may have saved life had OD'd. 
smoked first and felt. 
visuals but even slightly likely placebo but since wasn't nbome felt safe doing another and BAM wam was gone the moon and didn't even finish smoking. 
The letters monitor where like had just smacked monitor and went into boggle mode what mean look like someone turned monitor into word. 
had tracers similar when had taken. 
guesses are that it's some kind. 
could just find out what had I'd happy because love c's. 
But the danger not knowing ever present. 
going mail sample ecstasydata. 
org and pay have analysed. 
For all know it's mix drugs although color and consistency are all perfect. 
did tinfoil burn test and turned yellow then dark red burgundy and eventually black which. 
alot like what MDA does when burned tinfoil and smelled like MDA but shit we're talking bout burning random HCL salts and freebases here tinfoil test not foolproof. 
Thank you for reading. 
Edit wanted add that didn't know MXE wasn't allowed here when originally posted this. 
Will follow rules from now. 
Hey everyone Update your PGP keys. 
Quote from nordicwhite November amThank you both very much love you both ThinkPad. 
Quote from daytripper March amQuote from bombheadie March amThat list not correct all. 
Quote from November pmWhat about Silk Road. 
Not mention the bug that was found just few hours ago. 
Quote from MirrorMirror September pmSomeone with more knowledge can feel free correct but understanding that using almost never safe just using tails from usb. 
came back within couple hours. 
Quote from cotlakqueque April pmI'm confused. 
Quote from Summa Iru April pmRight now apart from TMG favorite Nucleus very professional user friendly interface easy the eyes works everytime login and most importantly has few favorite vendors with Agora unreliable opinion looks set take over from EvoI like MiddleEarth but that's because i'm crossbreed between Elve and Hobbit. 
Quote from Greenbud March Well don't have anything say about grammar syntax but have something say about Reddit DNM. 
Thanks for the awesome advice. 
Quote from sillywabbit February amQuote from uncleal February amQuote from sillywabbit February pmvery likely although from the rise other markets the fact that evo and agora are still. 
call apple because feel that people will resonate with the brand and feel that they know. 
Apple one the most valuable brands the world. 
People all over should know. 
Moreau Filters will coming few days. 
Our strength market lies our simplicity. 
want the market intuitive possible that People can Use Naturally. 
Sorry guys make such with XMR CLOAK altcoins this kind and fun psychedelic forum but why keep BTC steam machine that proven regulary explode and spread your privacy large scale when there are new robust XMR Tesla cars specifically designed avoid anonymity holes every road Tried make the best image could but it's really the present day The new modern tools exist they work and have been tested and validated and continue improved actively developped now vendors and customers only need make effort integrate them the market system for the safety everybody. 
opposite Bitcoin only prove more and more every day that directly leads you way other and there are more and more new tools every day quickly and better trace BTC use the identity users. 
apologize English very bad. 
don't see what apple has over hansa TMG. 
DHL isn't well stocked and find it's far too overly complicated and gimmicky. 
Quote from nordicwhite November amCan anyone recommend good burner laptop for darknetmarket shopping vending use mostly large shopping plan use TAILS usb dvd. 
were i'd take the acid first and less that what you propose and then. 
hours take the other two together. 
never done all once though please report back after your experience. 
Does anyone here know macbooks work with TAILS read before that some them not work well with TAILS but can't find out which ones dont. 
anyone has any info let know. 
Quote from pinto November pmhmm good question. 
Quote from DelicFriend August amQuote from bruce August pmQuote from anon August amThis place really cool just made account and have been browsing the boards too was expecting market but honestly this way better There's already ton markets this COMMUNITY Exactly Welcome the garden. 
have idea about the volumetric dosing. 
still have yet any big doses mxe meo. 
Ive found that low doses what they have don't want really get into the higher dosing. 
just want take the minimum needed for make happy. 
One really great thing with meo that has eliminated certain pains body that make incredibly hard sleep sometimes stuff during the day. 
Just the other week was looking for weed order sleep but now when take meo just makes everything away and I'm able actually fall asleep within hour. 
Sorry hear about your grandma Truffle After all wore off did have any rebound effect making any easier harder deal with her death. 
Quote from Cosmic Consciousness April amQuote from throwaway account April amWell Evolution Abraxas and Middle Earth were not run carders far know but they exit scammed. 
Yeah you're correct mistake. 
haven't used much though don't remember they had carding section. 
However argument was that carders not does not change much. 
don't know who are dealing with either way. 
Just asking for troubleBe SafeLSDAACID. 
This cool have been looking forward Bicylce day for while now. 
Quote from marbled March amWas hoping make order from bomb the upcoming weekend week but I'm going hold off until more successful landings occur. 
Quote from Alberthoffman March pmAre you working for agora defending them dude why the hell should lie about swedish sek bitcoint wallet agora that was stolen read other forums like reddit that happened another guy they stole hes money and they answered him support that had some keylogger virus that got into hes wallet thats bullshit computer secure possible working with and computer eyes they are scammers and wont deposit there anything moreHow long ago did you send message support there and what did they say. 
Quote from March pmGot you're reselling SB's MDMA. 
was hour ago with problems. 
This happens from time time with them. 
you can't pay the drop cash btc then you need cultivate another drop with fake information. 
Could renting house they don't need know your name anything about you just what you give them you can find someone pinch but has sofa. 
Could someone you meet bar and you are passing through town there are infinite number ways craft your story. 
But that's all about the drop first you have disconnect your clear. 
net fingerprint from your identity. 
This all would great advice for someone looking take security seriously but really you can just BTC GYFT etc consumer site you just don't want your bill. 
They always seem come back and manually process btc transactions need times it's happened now they must making real good commission money. 
Having the same issue. 
Quote from undetermined July pmagora still not possible create new accountdid you use invitation link. 
Quote from bombheadie March amQuote from apostleofjor March pmhavent eaten good mdma almost year. 
ACAS aims extremely user friendly and will listen our vendors and users implement features they suggest that they can have DarkNet Market built meet the requirements it's users. 
Every body using ACAS safe including users vendors and it's operators. 
Mobile For those who prefer use mobile devices our market has mobile version that will display properly small screens and can used android with orbot though for increased security it's always preferable use computer running Free Open Source Software like Tails. 
Quote from bombheadie March amThat list not correct all. 
Quote from Serendripity June pmI've been using Helix light and seems good enough unless there's something better Bitcloak new and good. 
Quote from the owner The differences compared other tumblers mixers like helix payshield are many the amounts prediction javascript checks and PGP implementation are not present others. 
Another big difference speed tumbler currently this fast when sending clean coins. 
Like payshield offers pay someone feature for exact amounts payment. 
More specifically want buy something that not want related identity. 
will have shipped safe drop but they only accept credit cards Non related What the best way about procuring this some way from BTC anon bank drop credit cardwith socks any help would appreciated. 
Didn't know where else put this but there some setting I'm not seeing adjust the number listings page like the market but this super annoying. 
Quote from scroat April but wanna order now yeah ffs these vendors seriously need set paypal account. 
Quote from Jojen November pmI not sure clever use tor for your coinbase account. 
Necessary tumble bitcoins before transfering markets wallet Can they track sending bitcoin marketplace from personal bitcoin account. 
Quote from love all around April amThanks Only total fool uses mobile phone even with PGP for anything the least bit questionable. 
Very happy read this Oasis market seems hold all the values that people look for market and can't wait for continue grow popularity. 
Glad hear your personal results. 
Quote from MtStHelen March pmWhat about. 
What the URLfor oasis Market. 
Quote from Gleeful June pmQuote from vitaminLSD June amTails not secure for serious DNM activities and here's the first reason why. 
Quote from SalviaGoddess July pmQuote from DoseHeavy July amTake the shroom juice first. 
call the candyflop The psilocybin used start the trip and releive the possibility anxiety. 
Thats why when felt the LSD eaten. 
Then later the MDMA. 
That way the whole trip ends the same time. 
lighten the visuals DMT would preferred. 
also has interplay with the seratonin mechanism that allows for much less hung over feeling. 
Quote from DarcM November amEverything was okay the end. 
Quote from ssod June amCurrently connecting the darknet via tails tor bridges. 
I've been out the garden for awhile. 
How everyone doing wanted know about jedi flip and friend are going conduct for upcoming party mine. 
Here's the amounts planned doing Lucy vial liquid shrooms. 
boost maybe find adequate source that Any precautions for the flip need know about We're really excited but not stupid about the flip and wanted make sure everything was okay. 
Yes we've done them before and have been fine. 
How dose this EDIT this incorrect should redo the dosages. 
not back for yet really hope comes back lots good connects over there plus all the coin that had. 
Quote from Gleeful June pmThanks for the great explanation. 
desktop file like this Quote. 
Agora was planning exit scam don't think they would have warned people ahead time remove their coins cause they were going offline. 
This why love this community much start with warning about some kind danger and end disscussing gramma. 
Also small warning you have drastic style speach writing you leave huge trace behind you That's why often write have multiple personality disorder ranging from old british gent warlord brute. 
can real problem too little isn't enough and too much isn't enough. 
What are you offering that other markets don't think right now Oasis the safest market terms buyer protection. 
What can you offer that oasis doesn't. 
I'm reading for some macbooks they have wifi problems but looks like can solved getting usb wifi adapter. 
Quote from Astraltraveler June amNote your seed few words needed get your wallet back case you loose your private key run your system from live DVD and don't backup your key. 
Quote from Astraltraveler June amBuy cheap laptop remove the harddrive get tails usb That would better and safer than running TBB your main system. 
Quote from Astraltraveler June amBuy storing TOR wallet you mean the market wallet QuoteI meant electrum. 
Quote from Got Weed June pmNo other way besides you should switching your bridges every week two. 
Quote from March pmDid the same thing while back. 
Quote from RonPaulson August pmI think the biggest barrier just getting the capital get them synthed lot labs have minimum more for custom synth. 
Quote from ZoxeeBee November amQuote from nordicwhite November amCan anyone recommend good burner laptop for darknetmarket shopping vending use mostly large shopping plan use TAILS usb dvd. 
Quote from Zeaphire November pmQuote from ZoxeeBee November amUsed refurbished ThinkPad Used refurbished ThinkPad Good advise far the best you can get for that money used refurbished ThinkPad the series. 
Quote from sabbatical August pmTMA still available the clearnet along with ALEPH and MEM. 
For information Cloakcoin CLOAK branding into Project One One Currency ONEC. 
Only change name nothing else change. 
msg msg Not confused with the One Coin scam it's something else totally. 
Not sure this branding with this new name good idea. 
but their anonymous system doesn't change and good. 
There way get XMR anonymously with cash like Localbitcoin. 
com and Bitsquare added Monero but did not read how works. 
But you buy XMR with BTC and you send your XMR from XMR wallet your XMR wallet they are completely clean and private anonymous untraceable. 
starting service clean Bitcoin well exchanging Dogecoin Litecoin Nubits Peercoin Dashcoin Blackcoin Reddcoin and Feathercoin. 
Quote from January pmI did try this typed the text that want encrypt and saved the text file the desktop. 
Quote from Greenbud February reportedly the prosecution the trial exempted every potential juror who had internet and the end they had take guy woman and people over with technological background. 
Quote from magicflight February amYou aren't wrong I've set fresh copy partition installed tor truecrypt and PGP. 
Quote from love all around April pmWhat's the deal with Agora. 
was down all day yesterday and all day today. 
may may not come back. 
hope one had lot coin. 
was told months ago that was going down but kept selling because take coin out soon its available and depending how long stays will make profit. 
Turned out had orders waiting finalize and took last little bit coin out tuesday. 
Saw order tuesday night but wednesday when went log retrieve the order site was down. 
Tough luck for the customer but what could Lots people lost money doubt. 
Lets hope comes back but since the forum has been down forever does not look good. 
sorry meant TAILS not tor lol. 
onion register KzNsmQ uvAAlphabay invite referral link. 
Quote from LMNT July amSo just switched over from using TAILS. 
Are there any other tools could using increase security for cleaning after using tools Particularly interested tools erase the traces the RAM other traces usage Thank you for your help Good switch. 
Did you enable full disk encryption when you installed Ubuntu. 
Quote from bombheadie March amAnother thing sent out packages this why would like know who received and didn't received there there packages. 
Quote from April correct However TMG informational research and educational platform where educated individuals can share life experience's correct However TMG informational research and educational platform where educated individuals can share life. 
Quote from Bonobo February pmQuote from dardush February amIs just does this market looks exactly like Evo The evo code open source code many markets copy that code today. 
Well I'm getting creepy flashbacks hehe. 
Quote from Astraltraveler June amOkey thanks. 
have sale bucks for hits. 
have some doses laid with like LSD. 
Sending tracking number without PGP the equivalent sending your address without PGP. 
You should let the vendor know never that again anyone. 
BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK Version GnuPG mQINBFVBbr BEADTUsnP TMmqQZV gzTvLtGfhtu Bera fOGUJ kUYKpz XPUuR mje rWmYLdc xCpG vuMWD PEO VTT cVT ikmsg tTexywRDU zVNE aCa WBBRvVhXuuw ygjL eBlqtfc PLy IPjp locp zEtYpLpqNbIb zMoPPAlXtGmbN jkUX yRBwgr Lvuffe ZLxSugrYdHnD HMmdb uMoGyCd QlQ OwDwW XjgK AaTk GSwYk vyZ qbBQyUiE EWrZVxV XSvzBt IUjbRt YUJ vivv AWegvAteBgyde QoTQs hUCzg OhM LHlDBN OPLU nktRNPfbALJn FxevTtph sAOo nrny lDjMpEJgmB kqUgNdNSCs gRv pKVn uysYlKKuEVM ZFmD WUY nLFcDRv LAO fkt cbYBr ltrWrmriHXbpHr jJE wWpka kRaTd sgPGx dGhlZHVja BzYWZlLW haWwubmV QAJVNHNzrA FEDbI zPP laPQh lqg dpmuQ szGjjOwtx YxaS ozRe fKbQhp iKP GvR XbADUZFtai kpZ vQAOkPx QaVeFJCcAD NpCN TZb ktrTf cYTm BBeK Tdps AgYRoCs zqlJhWG aeEYrwSF PdqMpTZCYb sFnZum cBQ jJULR wmOdVTvR wLfwEhlQ YHmRgs LnSweLNAtfJw BbsS RzvmYUbup OORZwQ rMT rtmXSY PHHLpUQak mWhWtkUfprCQRB PMPWbL wwMugSY RugSmx SDqqUA nrcLGNcgtT rwRNca kOKKVBX fCcPEWmjaMvdFn muU qYY liKdEyXRwdw JLFh MlS yEpOFi ywyiCBi iZGHno tbMwqSRjc HvnXEQs YeqYYVwxLgAl hHA CEShwjbhbRTri aIH UJQbhZPyThZjv HvO BEADADcEC afunwNlwc aZikTrpxUMB asreDYaRxYcqWi NRD LzH tJogF RsmElc YyHa pRA WkIQRPdIrsNzhT gqCImMKbR cWxURKDkYpt ATJStw PKl VCPzg onPvi pucIhYSp nGrIUeo SNFUmnG plH qKG Utk texfNjyQSDvu kepKdefK mCJPfBn FxcO LZu ZzWKQgd mGv jFukkGnXJGHjK QLxGpMtSYWwH UNGJvezhzu pELXkz BjjZA QzOC EqW HYEQ qWi VaJ lXFhLYt vikDhdq oyHEYWnVLWTo vmQtODeyw fpQq RxXx DTrCGwPH WYOL msny SGmS iysNoE qJOsXdy NpslkobvbiD LNg RCG dAO Tyapip Flrt tbLHMRaK SQP mjE ZdOPtUuVcYequb UexJSPpqA WMm MtNlzir SerO egeQXeE DFuBKdr WEOMAFwlsf NNLH Jygml XGLE iijGe oZFrk QYzR nsYIE XjbFDZu fzcvUMClnW nuq kdHd xafWhJArHv pCVwhX VnoLS ctf EYrr fqOpyV GyL hkFwtqy hkp TbFrSx suJhsRk VTcwwQGbg MbeTPNl BdDjdg zkx NubHA rEY xBv JpXi DSabk kTput UPTxUyX JujM nSYhMWScfnXJmR IKRFedP Ual jrclkstnUhM UZW uOECWveIrHvl umf KLQiVGW WAZdLS JiZswihmWsB nqgjmU RqML DkRsE sglGet iLtKiajaEV VZnl pzQ cAlyblIn oEiAwk Dkfz QWXsffiMBh WSJXS SpoQ END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK listings first number the amount TABS second number the cost USD. 
Quote from prarp August pmHunting down the Shulgin chems part the fun. 
Quote from Root May amI think the only marketplace that can say have love for AlphaBay. 
Quote from yajer December amIsn't majestic garden store how you access Sir madam you are the garden. 
Quote from woopieG July pmWhat amazing discussion After reading everyone's posts thought would mention something that may have been overlooked Here's disclaimer I'm sure everyone Mullvad are spot what they believe when comes privacy and with what they're trying accomplish Mullvad and way doubting that all. 
Quote from Bonobo February pmLOL looks ugly sorry straight forward hereThe days search bars sticking out the are all over look some the newer markets the design important the features. 
Besides what your UPS over say AlphaBay Dream Nucleus I'm not sure looks would first concern were use market. 
you recall Agora can't say that was the loveliest all the land but they left honorably and their operation was flawless. 
Doesn't seem all that ugly. 
Quote from Rainbow Weaver August amthanks know vendors when they withdraw. 
looks like normal coin wallet. 
The reason for tumbling your real identity isn't tied the coin you purchased. 
Thank you for all the info. 
Problem see that not many people use there isn't much you can with those. 
uzed for most orders. 
like pops msg when you make deposit matter what page your. 
the layout also niceseem friendly and make not nrrvous ever have plafe ticket the future. 
Quote from SCIdmt October pmMaybe could throw vendors personal sites there well I've got one know albion does and Gamma. 
Quote from paulista August pmtalking about maya special edition from value. 
lucid have say this. 
those are claimed and had very good time with them had couple times half them another couple times just quarter and once the entire. 
before discovering tmg always bought from him and being the first time that bought blotters the dnm with clearly declared dosage such dosage seemed totally realistic. 
though recently had the occasion try some swiss bliss from. 
pickles and seeing the effect those let alone the black amber that's totally different story i'm more and more convinced that the maya. 
still extremely good acid but most probably the range. 
Had also blotter from. 
and her acid weak opinion heavily underdosed not maya but just smile and some alex grey none was advertised and IMO none was clean can find through TMG personally would with her just for stealth which found nice. 
Quote from LSD Avengers Spokesperson January pmQuote from Doses Lysergic January amQuote from dxuutx December pmIf anything this more proof that HoS whoever major target law enforcement and that really shouldn't talking about this business the clearnet anywhere than any notion that the whole sub just honeypot. 
MeO PCP one all time favorite RCs. 
Here's little trick for you get glass vial use the vials etzplatinum sells his etiz liquid once kill bottle lol and some Everclear equivalent high proof grain alcohol. 
Weigh the PCP and funnel into the bottle. 
Pipe alcohol with oral syringe and pop that into the bottle with the PCP. 
Shake vigorously and gently heat the mixture with lighter until all falls into sol'n. 
Pair your bottle with oral syringe and there you have With this preparation normally take. 
And yeah the MXE scene taking huge hit right now. 
used host frequent bulk MXE group buys and had superb consistent source that always had top the line stuff and just and disappeared right before buddy mine was about start his own buy. 
Sucks cuz had some serious products some SERIOUS prices. 
That and all his x's were pure Best I've ever seen. 
I'm actually bit lost without him TBH. 
Not much you can against vendor stores your data you're fucked. 
But this did happen Germany many other countries don't think you can something you have other proof BTC trail drugs seizure. 
Did they also catch some those who didn't encrypt their addresses just based database. 
Awesome Thank you for all the info. 
really hope vendors markets will start accepting cloakcoin and anonymous bitcoin here soon. 
Quote from sillywabbit February pmvery likely although from the rise other markets the fact that evo and agora are still. 
True China had has much easier access reagents and precursors than Westerners. 
Plus the way their society works they don't demonize people for doing work long isn't breaking any export laws. 
But were have massive number small scale production labs synthesizing semi bulk quantities chemicals opposed multiple kilos one such lab could work completely under the radar while managing fill decent amount the demand without having order quantities reagents that would deemed suspicious terms the DEA watch list. 
would also harder take down many scattered small labs than would few strategic factories. 
short it's not likely will happen but certainly feasible. 
Back topic though yeah it's shame that MXE the decline. 
IME it's fairly benign far safety concerned. 
Sucks that has come people passing off chems obscure choice. 
think your India guess will prove point though hope that our favorite Chinese lab technicians decide make the move out there themselves resume their business they're already experienced well trusted for the most part. 
Like you said though it's make sure that one from and further down the chain get hurt. 
Quote from dewr November pmSorry was typo meant encrypt. 
MingW hQEMA LoqtXmcLnWAQf AVZV UjlnBUwduTjq mGANT lspiObJhFb OYP cnEWF tIq WzI sDfT kqauSH ptSueT RklrDrO IULKZqxUJ MuKI bIsNkRS Xun RTTQsmSaI RtQg NZqfrP gBXI uzm cSuLEaVhTnG nWHAFT ErdAUfc VFl ixsqIcRpew VjTJO tRmxBrVLfFro Qgmn ZHm JMAYbMuG OrBQtCH kCNYiZCfjwSD YVSaupQ NiS hZYdxieC IwkPs unwOzZupq zLA END PGP MESSAGE Yes was able decrypt and read that message worked just fine. 
Quote from uncleal April pmHere. 
Quote from March pmSo recently received tracking code trough that wasn't encrypted with PGP. 
don't know how the postal system works with tracking but assume the tracking code coupled with the address the pack sent. 
Meaning that the platform compromised and gets hold the tracking code they can determine the drop address. 
Anyone have any knowledge this subject sending tracking without PGP major opsec flaw Thanks for your insight. 
it's market like AlphaBay point out the mistake the vendor then politely request that delete the entire conversation then the same once has confirmed deleted the thread. 
That will permanently delete the entire thread least AlphaBay. 
sure copy paste any relevant parts the thread someplace encrypted unless you don't need the thread contents ever again. 
used smoke and gets every once while. 
Otherwise real problem drugs. 
Quote from koolcid May amI don't see what apple has over hansa TMG. 
You know I've always felt the same way about Apple. 
For years I've been tellin' people that Android far more superior why spend that kind money Apple products. 
wait this something different. 
Quote from ohdonpiano November pmBecause the thread was started AugustAnd facepalm. 
recently received tracking code trough that wasn't encrypted with PGP. 
hang jump soap box. 
always feel that important provide some awareness about. 
know how good they can make one feel and know that they provide much needed relief great number people. 
reasonable and respect their value man and animal alike. 
However like most things those benefits aren't free. 
When comes benzos just aware how quickly those tiny little fucking pills will snatch your life. 
You will never hear tell anyone what not when comes any meds. 
But aware that these are some the most powerful chemicals that you can ingest. 
They will change your life you consume them with any frequency. 
And when you stop you will get the cunt punt your life delivered the form seizures and very unique detox. 
you get past the seizures the detox one the gnarliest emotional rollercoaster rides that one can take and aint short ride. 
are all different the ways which our bodies react chemicals clearly. 
But experience what have described universal. 
hope that wrong but please respect benzos and safe you can. 
Quote from stehillag February amOn scale brown white how brown was brown would say brown. 
Quote from OldIsGold February pmWhat's the best and most trustworthy btc mixer out there right now Bitcoinfog would say that bitcoinfog the best. 
Hey guys vendor other marketplaces and figured may well try and expand horizons little bit. 
currently offer bookie service that allows anyone place bets just like they were vegas. 
any sport even cricket for any dollar increment any time. 
Payouts are given right away but sleep too hours max required most. 
BTC betting using full escrow actually much safer than dumping money into Pokerstars Full Tilt who have proven themselves shady well. 
Either way just figured ask before buy vendor account because everyone loves this service dating back. 
Please chime and let know what you think. 
Quote from Doses Lysergic January amLol speak english. 
Quote from dardush February amIs just does this market looks exactly like Evo The evo code open source code many markets copy that code today. 
Quote from LiquiFried March amHi Gang daytripper and others waiting did anything arrive yet. 
onion not responding todayCan anyone access via alternate links. 
Isn't majestic garden store how you access. 
Quote from August pmIf Canada GFN went direct would never need use market ever again. 
Dont use for shit TheGermanhIT takes days fucking send lipstick instead half speed and coke least like wear when get fucked didnt got pic and proof sen after weeks and asked for refund but were abraxasa gone. 
any one have idea their tumbling service tumble efficiently does ressist blockchain analysis. 
Quote from KnucklesFromSR February pmFrom everything that read this makes that website owners can held responsible for what their users. 
don't agree with this. 
still don't think you'd get trouble for making platform like craigslist which can used for illegal activity but Ross knowingly set black market website actively recruited drug dealers and knowingly and directly profited from illegal transactions. 
Yea don't think the Agora guys are going scam exit but will take them couple weeks move stuff around and get all their servers more secure. 
will frustrating have your coins the ether for while but bet Agora will back and all your coins will still there you didn't manage get them out time before they shut down. 
Patience can hard especially where coin involved but don't freak out you can help. 
Anyone have any experiences with Dream Been trying set there but I'm getting some weirdness with account. 
Quote from bombheadie March amHonestly could afford. 
I'm curious what everyone's problem drug you care share. 
Quote from Moreau January amQuote from Doses Lysergic January amLol speak english. 
Quote from dxuutx December pmIf anything this more proof that HoS whoever major target law enforcement and that really shouldn't talking about this business the clearnet anywhere than any notion that the whole sub just honeypot. 
Quote from March amDamn should make posts real quick. 
found BTC ATM area that was camera free and didnt even require cell phone for verification. 
simply scanned code for wallet. 
any vendor you want send. 
then inserted cash and seconds the transaction was complete and showing wallet. 
This seems like even better option than Local. 
Bear mind the first ATM found had camera and did require cell phone for deposit and for anything more. 
The second one however required nothing and deposited one time. 
The fee was pretty painful their BTC rate was around when Bitstamp showed around. 
But complete anonymity for bucks per bitcoin seemed. 
you trust the vendor the shop you can send direct without needing mix without ever putting your name those coins. 
Hope helps someone else out there with their OPSEC. 
Quote from Alberthoffman March pmAre you working for agora defending them dude why the hell should lie about swedish sek bitcoint wallet agora that was stolen read other forums like reddit that happened another guy they stole hes money and they answered him support that had some keylogger virus that got into hes wallet thats bullshit computer secure possible working with and computer eyes they are scammers and wont deposit there anything moreI'm vendor trying help you figure out. 
far remember when looked some time ago exchanges BTC XMR shapeshift have very low fee instead darknet BTC tumbler. 
nojs faq has fee. 
feel like this should shared other forums well see many vendors posting Reddit now and kills know they could setting themselves for investigation. 
Quote from daytripper March pmQuote from rictor March pmHope this isn't true just made order with him couple days ago. 
Apple Market too basic for. 
couldn't see any filters for searching. 
The product listings don't have the names the vendors. 
There doesn't seem feedback facility. 
checked out one their star vendors the star rating from their Grams profile there was information about when they were last online and sales history. 
it's still around three months time I'll maybe take another look see there have been any improvements. 
you practise proper OPSEC then should not even concern. 
The question what's the next biggest market Santa. 
Quote from Alberthoffman March pminternal mixer what intressted acid from what country you send When you send your coins Agora they mix with other coins that other users deposited. 
Name and shame usually the rule this case. 
Either way that vendor needs get the message real strongly that being real asshole. 
Can you buy bitcoins and then transfer them into your Cloakcoin wallet Altcoin totally different currency. 
would longer macbook but would transformed into beautiful linux distribution. 
Quote from BonesKoopa February amHosting locally probably the best way about. 
Hopefull this helps some Nonya BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK sEz bmGjTHow AqLTnjXpXNHQ SswR gGCTTgtSBQpkeX SfI mJTnN Rel bvOr vpdEltg pUT gFr XEr fuL hZRR jTw iUxwGBmt uAXY ItzvP WrgCb XNq THZ ytHlrYYt rfnzqPCcC vTsFanDWtiwKRw Krjsm UStwj fDwMR QaVJPj DDY JDmi DmZnABEBAAG vbnlhIDxOb YUJ uZXQ iQE BBMBCgAhBQJTi TNMH PVOxBPx jdThOTR JMBLibkHq BtODJ RyooClwBl xLSc TPBiySDFfnDc vUvaZvjmza enB wErJH Kfl pgykL TXdL haB jhzR VfT qarP oCD nBfeQzffj MwhCWEnYuF GjG svLrb PZvyJU rgkRvuKK OerRyM vcOsYACKOlp cEHrerrSW mdR JaounEmTyT KEeS ukud ujKAEIAKlYK aVmVIrf tdcSU AvklzFC zYJfywz eiG vkOT CmjBe dmYCoir cmIkI nALS fiIgy ShED DxdFQrPQ TVLqU cJAxZE teS TRiY jhqJUlQx xNinfWLK zKGBY fPPKq ZyQe MVoxBmWVwUby fGkLEayt UDr YbiNdXkLLO Wmg udQ buLOY HSysrG RMo pyKe UcpwmI ZZDhAZOj rrCaPbo MfXnG MOCC rAq gVNtE RLyNRafVj lBH wQjgpUBL RRKfe NGsYIxEpRPvY rrGNtaDG FBlzkg Epos zwUqjz BjVs UntPHJXJrY PyHHpE ucMQT nFQ uHDd vec jANno Ihjt rgCc ZahZSyiAHqJ dlLe END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE Version GnuPG. 
Quote from Tyr November amStop reading the children reddit. 
Quote from Astraltraveler June amvanilla reload moneygram are they like washing btc just like ewallet But bank option connected your real name cash isnt optional. 
Quote from sterlingsword November amQuote from darknetdreamer November amSound interesting. 
Quote from unit May amI deposited into agora account around. 
Quote from clagget June pmIf you google pgp encryption site the first listing Igolder. 
Quote from clagget June pmSecond How important key size You should using bit RSA primary key with bit encryption subkey. 
Quote from clagget June pmAnd bonus third question Say I'm browsing favorite vendors for fun and then search word google. 
Quote from humblebumble September pmRight. 
com inputIt should noted that determined Law Enforcement Agencies only need control single Certificate Authority that browsers accept default successfully conduct MITM attack HTTPS. 
Quote from missinghouse March amI will say that his packaging was decent but the outside the envelope was extremely amateur. 
Quote from SnackTime August amAgora seems down Cheers STIt's back now thankfully Santa. 
Quote from Knuckles August pmQuote from sillywabbit August pmfuck the centralized markets man. 
Quote from Gleeful January pmStay away. 
Threatened life the most Alcohol definitely. 
The fact that it's potent potentially dangerous yet also readily available legally and cheap never ceases amaze and while don't drink hard used still can't quite get over catching. 
LSD's helped see through the deeper reasons behind alcohol's role our society think how most 'adult' social functions parties revolve around drinking some level now imbibe with little more awareness what I'm doing and why. 
Love all you EDIT you would like make anonymous donations for this service please donate Quote hmGDQ LTHvdqYgNumU bYCubpkn ennbThe amount donations received will vastly improve the quality service can provide and shorten the amount time taken. 
Update for Tech Specs Quote from sterlingsword November amTech Specs UpdateWhile writing and designing I've came will the following new additions that will make this new market extremely difficult take down and give fresh breath confidence the DarkNet Marketplace. 
Quote from Moreau March amApple Market too basic for. 
Agreed its too simple plus needs lot more vendors. 
After testing marquis and sending labs was discovered meo MIPT. 
Quote from lucidmotif November amDebian which Tails based not compatible with all Wifi devices inside computers. 
their anyway contact the admins forgot password cause really dont use the market much. 
Quote from Rainbow Weaver August amIt Necessary tumble bitcoins before transfering markets wallet Can they track sending bitcoin marketplace from personal bitcoin account believe every BTC transaction broadcast the blockchain. 
Yes it's recommended tumble your coins. 
Quote from May pmAny advice cleaning computer now that using tails exclusively whereas before was using windows Does tor store any information about sites visited onto computer only need worry about deleting pgp keys and such What's the best way about completely wiping these things Anything else should worried about What are the risks associated with enabling scripts blockchain reddit I'm still learning about opsec but will try and help you are using tails exclusively that machine would recommend dban nuke. 
Quote from vitaminLSD June amI mean Mullvad already has history denying government requests and the USA doesn't have any jurisdiction jail Swedish VPN provider. 
just their claim could marketing facts Quote from vitaminLSD June amMullvad's founder was the first person that publicly know successfully exploit the Heartbleed vulnerability against OpenVPN this one thing they have standing out for them above all other VPN providers why they're worthy your business. 
Quote from vitaminLSD June amThen since Mullvad VPN provider and based Sweden they're not even legally obligated keep logs under the Data Retention Directive because Sweden this doesn't apply VPN providers. 
Quote from vitaminLSD June amIf you can figure out how this iptables yourself please share this since this would big benefit the community. 
Quote from vitaminLSD June amWith Tails setup your main threat model not compromised DVD but zero day exploit against Tor Browser. 
Quote from vitaminLSD June amWith this setup described all you would pretty much ever with your host that point install Ubuntu security updates and that's. 
But the attacker skilled enough escape your couldn't hack your router too Quote from vitaminLSD June amBut don't even recommend running Tails your main for Tor Browsing and here's few reasons why. 
Quote from vitaminLSD June amWhereas with Tor Browser Ubuntu there's simple click button upgrade the entire Tor Browser install and Tor Browser least Ubuntu checks every time startup there's new Tor Browser version. 
Quote from vitaminLSD June amQubes praised Edward Snowden and other esteemed computer security professional actually built around the concept everything being done VMs but using Qubes proficiently out reach for most DNM users. 
Was busted because weakness TOR Was Tails user Quote from vitaminLSD June amThis super paranoid good way think you need this level security for but this wouldn't protect you from having your Tor connection anonymized your home still. 
Quote from vitaminLSD June amI trust Tails they're for the right reasons but you just can't run VMs and it's not VPN friendly. 
Where the problem with bitcoiners getting traced Never heard one case. 
Quote from pinto November amI have paxful account. 
had taken over life much that had actually gotten into trouble with the authority. 
mixture depression hopelessness and REALLY high Roughly dose LSD what got out that pit. 
It's not really what I'd recommend treat your alcoholism especially when your troubles with just week fresh but let's just say that had much much darker intentions when carelessly took the LSD tabs. 
the end instead seeing hopelessness life and beauty death ended seeing hope and beauty life. 
That was Christmas night. 
have still had the occasional urges especially get stressed but have not drank since that night. 
Sometimes what I'll pour myself glass and pretend that it's Southern Comfort something that used like drinking. 
I'm still iffy meo. 
was able log this morning but then while sending message went down and has stayed down for couple hours now. 
The forum was down then now its down again. 
This does not look good and right after the untimely demise nucleus. 
Its real shame its gone for good. 
Lets hope comes back. 
guess finding here proves already saw how can handle this cryptocurency issue. 
for BTC rules and offers enough privacy and anonymity. 
Good think educate this will consider this when all will align. 
Import vendor's public key Copy the vendor's public key into the clipboard. 
window should pop with the vendor's PGP. 
you get pop with the following error Could not display 'Clipboard text'Reason Unrecognized unsupported data. 
Agora has posted message stating that they're moving their servers while they take down paus the website. 
Quote from Bonobo June amDont think and stuff are really welcome around here. 
Quote from SalviaGoddess July pmi agree that crashing MDMA while tripping LSD not pretty. 
Hey guys anyone know the Tails good enough give concise step step guide how encrypt message without posting link the tails website reddit post would forever greatful. 
talking about maya special edition from value. 
Quote from Cidkid July pmwell dont follow that rule because the more lsd you take the more depth and spiritual awakening you find and you can get that one blotter instead three well then you found yourself bargainWhy would vendor ever give you better deal stronger hits Vendors just price terms dollars microgram. 
For example John sells microgram hits for. 
micrograms dollar and microgram hits for. 
You're only getting better deal because you're buying more once sells microgram hits for. 
don't understand why people buy anything other than microgram hits. 
I'm bit worried about deposit made Agora which hasn't shown wallet yet. 
Quote from bombheadie March pmGuys fukcking sorry. 
have been using Oasis recently its great market and admins are very friendly. 
Its the only market that doesn't charge vendors thats pretty amazing not mention they have all features competing markets. 
The pretty nice too. 
Quote from VividSky December amUpdate yes there are PGP generating key tool apps. 
Anyone using cellphone even with 'PGP' app fool. 
com read canadian cops can decrypt pgp blackberrys tooOn Monday Motherboard reported that leading Dutch forensics investigators say they are able read encrypted messages sent PGP BlackBerry phones custom devices which are advertised more suited for secure communication than off the shelf models. 
The RCMP may have brute forced the password was weak enough deployed forensics technique called chip off rip data from the phone's flash memory used another method. 
After the publication Monday's article Annie Delisle media relations officer from the RCMP told Motherboard email that The RCMP does not generally provide information techniques technologies used criminal investigations. 
Eden your best choice. 
Quote from love all around March pmPostage due handwritten etc Makes you think high school kid scale clue slinging this gear. 
Quote from May pmI hope this isn't silly question but there alternate url for know few other markets have given out alternate addresses since initially going down this last time. 
Yep Oasis definitely favorite market use just wish more vendors were active there. 
Quote from Cosmic Consciousness June amQuote from vitaminLSD June amQuote from ssod June amCurrently connecting the darknet via tails tor bridges. 
Quote from Spirit March pmQuote from Not Ron Paul March amQuote from DiMiTreeZ March pmI agree. 
From what can asses they not need our donations support maintain and continue develop the market. 
Wow they don't take fee And they return excess coin buyer's wallets How they even make money They are fully donation supported. 
The withdrawal page has donation button next the withdrawal button. 
stated don't think they need donations fund and support Oasis project. 
they are what they appear they are just doing this for free creating free donation supported market because they believe there should one and they can afford create. 
have you imported the PGP key the person you're trying send encrypted message. 
lol nuke didn't sell anything DHL nuke was run bunch incompetent peoples. 
who sold what evolution probably sold their logo nucleus wont surprised were the same lot mods who were left out and jobless from evo admin after kimble verto pulled their shit its downright stupid trust market thats been hacked yet people keep trusting market with escrow vendor apparently lost over gees order its tough luck but gotta smart ahead the markets. 
Why not using Qubes Comes with whonix. 
that would most likely overpower all the rest. 
IMO you should take between and depending how strong shrooms dose you'll take with. 
vial liquid shrooms how much would that terms grams dried shrooms The MDMA doses seem although honestly booster dose may unnecessary. 
Quote from slvxb June amQuote from Coldcuts June amStarted looking like second home. 
Quote from the hippie July can real problem too little isn't enough and too much isn't enough. 
Quote from luxaeterna May pmwent with zalas approach except deposited cash bank via machine face face with bank person and leaking buyer only thing banks cameras only problem there can think buyer and wants know who they could use the time stamp the recpiet had take screnshot and the cameras that bank around that time however that's lot hassle and they would have try face only put posters this pay points are similar ATMs are machines but haven't noticed any camera them even though there might hidden ones. 
Quote from Not Ron Paul March amQuote from DiMiTreeZ March pmI agree. 
Wow they don't take fee And they return excess coin buyer's wallets How they even make money. 
Quote from DoseHeavy December amWhy would you use tails You can make more secure setup your own. 
Some Mac need rEFInd installed boot Tails from USB stick. 
Any Mac with bit EFI may not succeed booting Tails USB stick created Tails Installer. 
You can check given Mac bit bit EFI that list. 
com mac answers snow leopard mac faq mac snow leopard bit macs bit efi boot bit mode. 
MacBook Pro does not boot with Tails UEFI mode. 
MacBook Pro Nvidia GeForce one must add the nouveau. 
noaccel boot parameters that the display works properly. 
MacBook Air EMC freezes when booting Tails UEFI mode. 
MacBook Pro early fails boot from DVD since Tails. 
Mac Pro Tower and MacBook Pro both from early and MacBook Pro late fail boot from USB stick created Tails Installer. 
org install mac dvd overview index. 
Quote from CKSM July amQuote from the hippie July can real problem too little isn't enough and too much isn't enough. 
com how use monero anonymize bitcoin This method anonymizing bitcoin has even been recommended Bitcoin Core developer Peter Todd. 
For more information how Monero protects your privacy you can visit Monerinfo. 
The role Monero anonymizing your bitcoin will become more important companies like Elliptic and BitCluster use advanced blockchain analysis that will able pierce the veil obscurity offered traditional bitcoin mixers. 
Quote from Rasputin June pmWhich are the biggest and most popular the markets this time Agora the biggest and BEST look futher Agora has all Cheers Dolmio. 
Quote from saywhat March pmQuote from xncsux March pmQuote from marbled March amWas hoping make order from bomb the upcoming weekend week but I'm going hold off until more successful landings occur. 
Quote from bombheadie April amUPDATE ORIGINAL POST. 
Quote from rictor March pmHope this isn't true just made order with him couple days ago. 
agora still not possible create new account. 
Quote from August amQuote from undetermined July pmagora still not possible create new accountdid you use invitation link tried different ones but maybe they were expired. 
anyone has valid one feel free. 
eternal gratitude and such. 
Quote from dirtysouf February pmTails Devs have not renewed their PGP certificate they are well aware this. 
Quote from Ami July that would most likely overpower all the rest. 
was suppoosed Indian Rose one vial shrooms vial dried shrooms and KS's MDMA. 
Just buy old ThinkPad. 
you can find them all over the place for bucks without hardrives boot into tails via your usb drive cheap simple effective. 
believe cosmic consciousness has some tabs alphabay. 
haven't personally bought from him yet because his higher prices but seems legit. 
Quote from Fatfreddie December amIs official TMG policy not mention the word any more why missing something fundamental here the problem wasnt the market but the dude was spamming the forums. 
was only down for few hours couple mornings. 
But still its disturbing try log and its not there. 
Seems doing fine now. 
Quote from Spitfire December pmI thought was great too until they started serving ads through Torads. 
Quote from dirtysouf February pmThis the time rechecking the PGP certificate. 
Without doubt has caused more problems life than anything else. 
I've never any issues with the law anything like that because. 
It's just caused loved ones lot disappointment and heartache. 
was textbook functioning alcoholic. 
Quote from Doses Lysergic January amSimilarly the use double negatives just obscures your true meaning. 
Quote from Doses Lysergic January amHistorically this use language served separation between economic and racial classes. 
I've got slow transfer outside any market. 
Quote from Bonobo January amOn MultiSig Haha seems bit complicated well though but want free from sending coins market excrow mind you dont order often just once while but that tends medium large sized orderWhy not just order direct then. 
Quote from schuldig May pmIt pre installed with Vidalia and Torified browser called 'IceWeasel'. 
Greetings Majestic Garden Community. 
Acropolis Market having fee free period prior Bicycle Day and. 
The issue lack LSD vendors our marketWe are reaching out quality LSD vendors who wish take part this Market event. 
are course offering fee waived vendor accounts established vendors. 
onion auth register ATR and message admin secure your shop front Acropolis Market. 
Hope see you there. 
Quote from sillywabbit August pmfuck the centralized markets man. 
Quote from ZoxeeBee November amUsed refurbished ThinkPad Used refurbished ThinkPad Good advise far the best you can get for that money used refurbished ThinkPad the series. 
Reposting this here well. 
want the visability because theres lot pumping going. 
What I'm saying this buy btc cash. 
person moneygram cash mail etc. 
This goes wallet that connected how. 
could send the btcs straight any DNM and doesn't matter who does any block chain analysis this transactions. 
The only way anyone would compromised face face transaction and the seller who have obtain your identify. 
Further let's say buy btc face face using LBC. 
You don't even have use the website escrow the transaction. 
lot those traders only keep small amounts LBC they have the ability advertise. 
It's like posting advertisement. 
Then you meet face face and trade offline. 
wanted get Monero I'd have still source btc. 
I'm buying bitcoins anonymously anyways and they are going wallet that doesn't have name. 
please explain what the benefit Monero provides. 
All see the increased exposure risk volatility and then some third party going skim more when execute this trade from btc XMR. 
everyone wants get fucking wallet. 
This isn't say won't haven't acquired wink wink some Monero cash any swing. 
Monero trying address problem that don't have. 
Monero far from anonymous. 
blah blah one can track. 
Who using Monero Everything about this currency associated with illegal transactions and the desire for anonymity. 
chat anyone real life about Monero and they will quickly make assumptions. 
you are found sourcing Monero any capacity guess what. 
more assumptions can made about you. 
Bitcoins are used for legitimate purposes. 
Legal businesses accept them. 
You can strike conversation about bitcoins with many forward thinking individuals and one going bat eye. 
I'm not trying rude friend. 
Sometimes like cut the chase because find that others get caught the fluff being thrown around the world today. 
think I'll source some more btc the near future. 
I'm going hit the many traders out there who will happily take cash for some coins and pay them fair fee for providing such nice service. 
Let know when someone figures this out When and where this takes place. 
How contacted the seller. 
where the coins got are going. 
honest with yourself and those around you. 
And shutdown there's trace what the computer was used for. 
After read about how they caught Ross I've added simple addition OPSEC. 
have run tails both off USB and thru virtualbox container without any issues off macbook pro which few years old. 
Quote from inanna April amLelantos has had great uptime and suggest them everyone. 
Benzos never get high they just put sleep and make stumble around the morning after hangover. 
went through the wringer with alcohol too but nothing like opioids. 
They are persistent sneaky motherfuckers. 
Even after the physical withdrawal over there's persistent feeling that can only describe hunger. 
And nobody likes hungry right The only solution for total abstinence from them. 
Some recent experiences with LSD have really helped widen the gap between opioids and. 
The wider the gap the better. 
Zerg thanks for your honesty brother. 
God love this place. 
Quote from anon August amThis place really cool just made account and have been browsing the boards too was expecting market but honestly this way better There's already ton markets this COMMUNITY Exactly Welcome the garden. 
I'm going try stick direct deals TMG. 
topic suspicions gain support every day seems. 
Never used the subreddit anyway and the idea clearnet community about darknet activities ridiculous. 
While it's unfortunate sense that some our fellow humans with whom shared interest will locked cages for years this survival the fittest. 
the more reckless and less secure individuals fall away are left with core group people whose practices are more fundamentally sound. 
For this community and that principle grateful. 
grammar understood the post perfectly. 
Either spite perhaps because the use double negative. 
Not insignificant places emphasis negating the point view that such things are insignificant. 
Simplifying the statement just it's significant would more self contained idea rather than opposition others' thoughts. 
The idea that thereon antiquated sees use and now improper simply false. 
Maybe you personally not come across often but assure you still used. 
You said the equivalent like most reasonable people would think that two words being equivalent implies shared meaning. 
They not share meaning. 
Nor can think instance where they would. 
It's more eloquent way expressing the aforementioned thing antecedent this case the subreddit. 
interesting thread either topic. 
love you guysThough thereon too archaic use perhaps using aforementioned isn't any help. 
had slight hick with deposit but the admins resolved very quickly. 
The ease use security and the fact most vendors are currently offering free shipping should put this dnm the top their list. 
They have less vendors than the others but the ones vending are top notch and scams will non existent. 
Quote from dockellis August pmQuote from flourpower August pmI thought too didnt take too long figure out it's more like Craigslist than eBay. 
discuss about how use Monero please read and write. 
php topic discuss about qualities Monero please read and write. 
doubt its exit scam. 
last week and when they posted redeposited block. 
its been days now. 
worried but sent them message and hoping works out. 
trust them but right now worried little bit. 
php topic Trying centralize spoken. 
msg msg would like you realize there are easy ways tumble your BTC and break the BTC link your identity. 
com with your BTC from wallet buy Monero XMR altcoin and send the XMR new mymonero. 
com online wallet account secure and safe don't worry nothing saved it's like paper wallet. 
Wait hour and shapeshift. 
com buy BTC with XMR from your mymonero. 
com wallet and send directly the BTC from shapeshift. 
com your vendor BTC wallet you own. 
New Bitcoins not linked you any way. 
SECOND WAY from your XMR wallet. 
give BTC receiver address vendor your wallet. 
and amount BTC max BTC for now and send XMR. 
will convert the XMR into fresh new anonym BTC and send them the BTC receiver address Xmr. 
WORKS TOR THIRD WAY You can also buy XMR Poloniex with your BTC and then convert them into BTC shapeshift xmr. 
the result you are sending new fresh BTC not linked your identity any way BTC address your choice. 
com entry for your BTC XMR and xmr. 
exit for your XMR BTC even more safe even only shapeshift enough for example. 
Hope can help you improve your security. 
php topic other people who are technically better than maybe even the XMR team will directly answer you but I'm quite sure what write. 
I'm NOT linked Monero team any way. 
only love privacy and after lot readings and researches understood this altcoin the rare and best one really give you anonymity and protect your privacy has been audited and has proved itself. 
Cloakcoin second choice but services are less developped for now. 
Quote from Knuckles May amDoes anyone here know macbooks work with TOR read before that some them not work well with TOR but can't find out which ones dont. 
pngAs it's work progress updated image should always here. 
Yes too many altcoins but very few focused real privacy and anonymity and even few that succeed reach this goal safely. 
Try CLOAK and XMR said think DASH coin doesn't evolve good and don't believe anymore SDC coin for many reasons too loang explain follow for years. 
Even you need BTC buy XMR when you use XMR convert again XMR CLOAK BTC somewhere esle the BTC link your original identity totally broken the trail definitively lost for any people who wants trace you and prove you are guilty. 
Quote from goodfornothing May pmSeems like pretty bad time depositing coin Agora. 
Quote from bombheadie March pmQuote from Gleeful March pmJust wondering. 
Quote from thatninja August pmQuote from August amI've seen more clearnet sites that sell trypamines than have DNMs. 
Quote from pinto November pmQuote from chess November pmQuote from pinto November amI have paxful account. 
Quote from chess November pmQuote from pinto November amI have paxful account. 
Quote from darknetdreamer November pmQuote from sterlingsword November amQuote from darknetdreamer November amSound interesting. 
Quote from May pmQuote from Knuckles May pmI'm reading for some macbooks they have wifi problems but looks like can solved getting usb wifi adapterWhere there's will man where there's will. 
Whats Will doing And why there. 
Ladies and gentlemen Apple decided were tired selling just iPhones iPads and MAC books our beautiful stores Like steve jobs once said John Sculley you want sell sugar water for the rest your life you want come with and change the world. 
NOTE You take your pick you choose send all your life savings into the the seeminly endless chain bitcoin transactions cyber space without properly vetting your vendor it's your choice not ours and wont held responsible for. 
Vendors sell whatever you like it's your business. 
BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE iQJ AKGlzc Vlci mcHJAbm YXRpb zLm AuZmlmdGhob JzZW hbi uZXQ MzIyRTZERjY RkQ RkU MkFFNDE Qjg QUM RDE MUM MzFFM EyAAoJEIrH ZHFMeOibOcP xtpC GPZ lFd NDS gpIF ekCqr IIMJ SpSERlITAR xfmst MVfsitZW hEsYy CkdflNhGb TRxBKEAv sRqc bgr cJisVUmakxBE RWpkq dYg avbAR SJpN wrH gVBaJeV GYjhE ZsNTHQk SdfQQ zjtOBgTEVOW jXy Cga HpFPdK ZzshUg lnl JJSzYZ dzPwQdI rqYtadB TmiU FlfC eqv LcJH fkXrY tMDk zBW bNRJg gACxC rEKSzRJy szj WIAq VguDaJHVpzukF BjPukK ygwpW afpaJidOcomz Hzu KEECppnZPJjNJ OhR UmnZv BlTOvHcmp UwT ATIJlWf CbnL svbAZ JIM oMtf PnBSRJ CzMSaQ PrULNDhu JBjFoDE tpLZL qTn EHfrwUwrFmZCv xFL hzdGbbPUtgmiUU kCntmAL mQTU biBbi LHnTr EAN END PGP SIGNATURE. 
org wiki List TCP and UDP port numbers TCP SCTP UDP Hypertext Transfer Protocol over TLS SSL HTTPS don't have the server set with TLS SSL certificates that would put the server risk. 
Quote from July pmJust ordered from Study Buddy couple hours ago. 
That's question I've asked myself why aren't domestic labs producing these totally legal not regulated under analogue act chemicals Although I'm sure they were they would get hammered down pretty quick. 
although Kratom has been around for very long time and there's sign that slowing all. 
Who knows mean there haven't been any reported deaths from MXE and usually that's when things kick into high gear when kid someone unfortunately does too much and shows the news. 
There must lot regulations here the compared India and China. 
suspect India will the next supplier but I've heard their RC's are. 
even less trustworthy than those from China but course use always test and our own methods harm reduction. 
genetic pool for whatever reason has heavy propensity towards alcoholism. 
the sole substance continually find myself cycling through routine quit and return. 
For whatever reason the only substance find myself substantially more capable day day operation every facet enhances effectivity department academic work eases social and over all anxiety and never seems fail outlet for stress relief. 
Overall does great for but consume entirely too often and too often EXCESS. 
crutch and crutch wish frequently didn't rest upon. 
Much improved over the previous iteration. 
would nice see listings build. 
thinking about vending concentrates there. 
think i'll need vendor name that isnt poobuttfart though. 
Quote from Galindoi July pmI can't respond buyer. 
know holyghost has some DHL and love try them but dont have invite any listingson other markets dhl invite would nice too. 
It's possible you can use gift card check out. 
com but last checked their option for getting vanilla card with BTC was grayed out. 
They could have other ways though I'd check. 
com pages sell bitcoin paypal with which you can have the fiat proceeds from your coins sent Paypal account which you would have have opened anonymously and linked your drop address. 
But VERY expensive the exchange rate mean then charges you top that for receiving money. 
Quote from Saint Nic August amIf you practise proper OPSEC then should not even concern. 
The question what's the next biggest market Santaho. 
Very True Santa lots love. 
Quote from scroat December. 
Quote from Knuckles May pmI miss the original Silk Road. 
will resuming operations both here and abraxas now that everything seems still okay and agora's security seemingly was not comprimised. 
Glad hear everyone alright. 
will have listings available this week Cheers. 
org wiki Pretty Good PrivacyYou will need good PGP program and there are several different builds. 
Mac for example using GnGTools will install few programs that you don't actually see the programs applications and will have into your system settings turn few options able use. 
we're saying fuck markets still need build alternative that centralizes listings least encourages product diversity allowing upstarts built access people seeking their product and ready platform for promoting. 
the meantime I'm looking alphabay. 
Thank you Jean Luc. 
Had great experience trying whonix. 
Pretty fast for what does with SSD and recent CPU and did find really easy install and use with much need for the command line. 
Qubes manager does the job quite well for needed tasks. 
Did you try the latest version older one Converting audio video would with trouble with good CPU. 
Another option have Qubes install USB disk and another system for your multimedia needs. 
easy way switch between two more SSD with different systems. 
fixing security bugs they rely Xen itself for security that's why there are root password VMs and dom and seems like they help with securing. 
Can't tell more I'm not daily user nor security pro but with whonix integration and dom offline container with easy ways add even chain VPNs seems way better than ubuntu virtualbox whonix. 
you decide for gnu linux virtualbox whonix would recommend make strong use grsec try have your system little bit less vulnerable. 
Quote from goodfornothing April pmTMG league it's own and entirely different. 
Quote from SnackTime November pmLets not jump conclusions hereDoes anyone have ANY real information relating this Cheers STAlphaBay was getting attacked. 
Quote from rec July amAs fixing security bugs they rely Xen itself for security that's why there are root password VMs and dom and seems like they help with securing. 
What worries about this that the Xen community developers whole are not centering their focus security. 
It's mostly about compatibility with software and speed. 
Honestly can't even get VirtualBox run system for some reason. 
TAILS easy enough run from USB and faster that way anyway. 
However about fast running from within Ubuntu Debian. 
Some programs are fast and complicated use within Tails Like VeraCrypt. 
Nearly all the security based distro's TAILS are based Debian. 
Really don't see much difference between all the Linux distro's except for which tools they come with. 
TAILS has great set tools. 
But also has plenty unnecessary ones well. 
Ubuntu has also stood against many other OS's hacking competitions. 
Though your point about visiting FixUbuntu. 
com was good one though had already fixed that issue. 
think security mainly the end user. 
you the research about your keep updated and use distro with large team people actively fixing bugs security flaws and more importantly use that open sour think you should pretty safe Sure things can happen. 
But unless you are the governments priority don't see the need for the ultra insane security and slowness that comes with Qubes. 
You must have very good system even consider trying convert audio video with Qubes What this post really about making Ubuntu Other linux distro's secure possible via tools. 
Without switching another method. 
Quote from chess April pmi haven't logged few months and i'm pretty noob all this anyway need your helpWelcome back. 
Quote from chess April. 
Quote from Gleeful June pmThanks. 
php topic Trying centralize HiAs Bitcoin really not anonymous for example see. 
net know more top seven ways your identity can linked your bitcoin address believe time think switch decentralized altcoin specifically designed protect privacy and anonymity. 
would like speak about Monero XMR and Cloakcoin CLOAK NOT linked anyway these coins teams. 
There also DASH and Shadowcash SDC altcoins but the first centralised few masternodes and now seems focus zerotime transactions rather than true privacy anonymity and seems civil war inside the dev team and supporters and about the second well really don believe Shadowcash for various reasons that all. 
DON WANT launch debate here what coin better than another only own opinion. 
Cloackcoin has small team fanatic devs that seems never give event after first year catastrophic problems and many nightmares and second year very slow but constructive work. 
They just released the good final product promised for long time. 
You can exchange CLOAK. 
com Market Index MarketName BTC CLOAK buy directly. 
Windows Linux easy use and with all the basic needed functions you would need without any useless stuff. 
They have decentralized anonymous market development but begin know them should not ready before years. 
But before that new improved wallet. 
should released very soon. 
Short video explanation about their anonymity system. 
com cloaktv posa explanation video interesting publication still very good. 
com news cloakcoin had everything from scratch only the name has stuckFast download the complete blockchain start quickly the wallet instead slow first. 
com roadmap scroll down Block explorer. 
php topic believe Cloakcoin should not ignored way secure and anonymize your financial transactions. 
think the anonymity privacy protection their system quite good whatever nothing could worse than Bitcoin after all stand alone association with VPN and TOR give Cloakcoin his chance try. 
The forum and chat quite active and they should answer all your questions. 
Beside that there the Monero altcoin. 
Entirely new concept maths and cryptos. 
While think Cloakcoin great trustable and easy believe XMR technically superior and even more bullet proof than CLOAK. 
But for now Monero little bit less user friendly first approach only little. 
The dev team bigger well the project and universe globally and the devs are very active improving again and again Monero even now already probably the top best anonymous coin. 
Progress slow because the complexity all the involved technics. 
But XMR works well and already fully useable Homepage. 
org homeWallet for all command line. 
org downloads Third party GUI wallet. 
com jwinterm LightWallet releases Official online wallet. 
com REALLY safe risks hacked loose your XMR. 
But not going speak about here GREAT official offline wallet generator. 
org save the page your computer disconnect from internet open the file page refresh. 
and extensive guide for securely generating offline cold paper wallet. 
com Monero comments cgmd extensive guide for securely generating accept Monero payments. 
org getting started accepting you should have full support from community integrate Monero payment gateway your website Blockchain block explorer. 
php topic There GREAT Monero service really underestimated works TOR. 
allows you send anonymous Monero this website converts them bitcoins and after that sends the bitcoins BTC address you gave better than all the bitcoin tumblers the API used fully given here. 
latest The best exchange for Monero. 
com exchange btc xmr and. 
really usefull too think CLOAK directly easy intuitive and great for people people transactions small scale webshops and XMR also very easy but needs maybe hours readings and even more secure and the priority choice for big webshops. 
Monero should the best choice for integration payment gateway darknet webshop all the doc you need should available and not the devs are going help you very well and fast assured maybe don mention them for dark market. 
Cloakcoin could also integrated webshop automated payment gateway think but less sure you get all the technical infos answers very quick. 
REALLY believe that darknet markets should move away from Bitcoin and use Cloakcoin Monero maybe survival this second coin more guaranteed for many years come CLOAK still smaller less spread and fragile but exists for years least propose customer pay Cloakcoin XMR beside BTC addition alternative their choice. 
education time will needed convert customers but they should quickly understand for the safety everyone And you sellers too hope may have helped. 
About Bitcoin privacy anonymity. 
org protect your privacy. 
com questions how can hide bitcoin transactions protect anonymity. 
com Bitcoin comments stepbystep guide creating anonymous EDIT Monero XMR altcoin SAFE AND EASY WAYS TUMBLE BTC ways. 
com Monero comments ced guide using monero with tor correctly. 
Market and Vendor sites don't think they have alternate links. 
Quote from janesmith May pmhow you link your pgp key your profile sig Looks like you got. 
Quote from unit May pmu couldn't agree more I've already swore myself I'm sticking micro transactions from now. 
are very pleased with Oasis market far. 
still the early stages growing terms vendors and listings the product selection not rich yet but have had great experience far with all parts using the store and especially the top notch support. 
initially decided set with Oasis exclusively because felt harmony with their donation supported model and are very happy with our decision far. 
hope that they are exactly what they appear because far they appear awesome. 
The store looks slow when you first check out for now but fact very busy you are giving away acid for free. 
Honestly don't bother with anything labeled over because find they usually seem underdosed. 
Besides I'm usually eating five six. 
similar post over the hub site down currently can't give you the direct thread link. 
atheon the other guys focused security and there are many will your best source info. 
doesn't have have huge resources. 
sshuttle dns vvr username ipofvps enter the password for the vps and it's running. 
com check it's working. 
thanks for the suggestion root. 
from ami july pmquote from salviagoddess july pmi agree that crashing mdma while tripping lsd not pretty. 
obfs bridges tailshas anyone had success getting obfs bridges work tails despite following the directions exactly given and pasting the addresses exactly provided tails simply will not connect obfs bridges. 
the progress bar stops about and does not move from there matter how long you wait. 
scramblesuit bridges also not work. 
they won't even try connect. 
error message pops referring whatever scramblesuit address was used. 
all other bridges work flawlessly. 
after doing some research i've found that trouble connecting obfs widespread issue for some tails users. 
i've yet come across solution. 
users have been reporting this but for months but never gets resolved. 
was wondering any you might have any insight that you can offer anyone has had success with obfs bridges tails you've found solution workaround for the problem. 
love avengers now the biggest market with abraxas being down for the time being. 
vendor buyer registration love avengers affiliate. 
php aff would highly recommend using dream though they are the longest running and most reliable dnm datedream registration link love avengers. 
from greenbud march well don't have anything say about grammar syntax but have something say about reddit dnm. 
from the hippie july can real problem too little isn't enough and too much isn't enough. 
from sabbatical july pmhonestly don't bother with anything labeled over because find they usually seem underdosed. 
from paulista march amthumbs for dream market recently opened dispute about escrow order which after weeks wasn't shipped and got btc back within couple hours. 
from lmnt july amso just switched over from using tails. 
from knuckles may pmi'm reading for some macbooks they have wifi problems but looks like can solved getting usb wifi adapterwhere there's will man where there's will. 
from enigmaticsmile august amgambling crimedamn. 
from rec july amwhy not using qubes comes with whonix. 
wish love avengers would get the amount users deserves. 
from nordicshrooms september amanyone have any experiences with dream been trying set there but i'm getting some weirdness with account. 
from dmate june pmwhen try decrpyt message get this error. 
from snacktime august amagora seems down cheers stit's back now thankfully santa. 
from knuckles may amdoes anyone here know macbooks work with tor read before that some them not work well with tor but can't find out which ones dont. 
from not ron paul march amquote from dimitreez march pmi agree. 
from organix april pmi haven't been able login nucleus all day. 
from may pmquote from knuckles may pmi'm reading for some macbooks they have wifi problems but looks like can solved getting usb wifi adapterwhere there's will man where there's will. 
from strangeangels may pmit might that you're trying connect specific server which isn't running the time. 
this i've tried different onion servers and none are connecting. 
from cupinxa may pmanybody can sendme convite referral link this market thanks. 
from drbt april pmi just spoke vendor like use said its the site having trouble not exit scam hopefully this puts minds ease littlei hope that's true. 
type your message into 'gedit' plaintext and save 'home' sometimes 'amnesia' saved plaintext messagename name associated with the key. 
from cosmic consciousness april amquote from throwaway account april amwell evolution abraxas and middle earth were not run carders far know but they exit scammed. 
from knuckles october pmi'm still iffy meo. 
what was the original word that has been replaced don quite remember. 
just who thinks that strange. 
from paulista august pmtalking about maya special edition from value. 
glad hear worked out for you thanks for upping your opsec enjoy your stay let the forum know you have any other questions. 
love avengers darknet market with the main focus trustless payment system which makes impossible for the vendors the site staff run away with bitcoins the buyers. 
other search engine support bitmessage notifications optional auto delivery for digital goods high server uptimewe love avengers market registration link love avengersmkt nfg. 
ask the tails forum i'm sure you will receive response much faster. 
from happygal april amnot mention the bug that was found just few hours ago. 
from rasputin june pmwhich are the biggest and most popular the markets this time agora the biggest and best look futher agora has all cheers dolmio. 
from spirit march pmquote from not ron paul march amquote from dimitreez march pmi agree. 
onion sell weed hash acid mushrooms and all kinds drugs. 
from coldcuts july pmquote from cksm july amquote from the hippie july can real problem too little isn't enough and too much isn't enough. 
from august amquote from undetermined july pmagora still not possible create new accountdid you use invitation link tried different ones but maybe they were expired. 
from rec july amas fixing security bugs they rely xen itself for security that's why there are root password vms and dom and seems like they help with securing. 
from ami july that would most likely overpower all the rest. 
from boomshankar july amgood day brothers and sisters any chance somebody have agora market invite link would infinite thankful. 
from smokey june ami think they really did sift through every message and order and were charging people who didn't encrypt their address there would mass amount arrests. 
reminds the days actively attempting fine people for downloading movies music. 
hello does anyone here know way upload files send someone now that anonfiles not working anymore sorry this noob question but given the nature things rather make right. 
these guys are doing fantastic job spreading awareness about drug safety and having virtually every major vendor tested date. 
they are doing fundraiser raise more money for the tests. 
the raffle hosted pelican. 
tickets are for and and winners get keep half the pot more details here. 
msg boardseen new tickets the raffle here darkheroesq awl. 
onion product hope not inappropriate posting here think dnma need more awareness and their quantitative tests are one the main reasons prefer dnm drugs rather than buying the streets. 
from yajer december amisn't majestic garden store how you access sir madam you are the garden. 
from slowmike april pmlol nuke didn't sell anything dhl nuke was run bunch incompetent peoples. 
from march pmso recently received tracking code trough that wasn't encrypted with pgp. 
from cidkid july pmhas anyone tried these blotters from john any feedback the quality can vouch for them. 
from throwaway account april amwell evolution abraxas and middle earth were not run carders far know but they exit scammed. 
from bestfriend december amquote from yajer december amisn't majestic garden store how you access sir madam you are the garden. 
from herpiusderpius august pmagora has posted message stating that they're moving their servers while they take down paus the website. 
from zergrush june ami'm curious what everyone's problem drug you care share. 
from dimitreez march pmi agree. 
from trufflelover october pmafter testing marquis and sending labs was discovered meo miptwow. 
from serendripity june pmi've been using helix light and seems good enough unless there's something better bitcloak new and good. 
from the owner the differences compared other tumblers mixers like helix payshield are many the amounts prediction javascript checks and pgp implementation are not present others. 
from cidkid july pmwell dont follow that rule because the more lsd you take the more depth and spiritual awakening you find and you can get that one blotter instead three well then you found yourself bargainwhy would vendor ever give you better deal stronger hits vendors just price terms dollars microgram. 
from allahhuakbar may amtime has come for buyers breakaway from centralized markets and put our trust tmgwallet wallet with your favorite vendor the way forward cheers this. 
from terrantank august pmwhy can't things just run smoothly only got into these darknetmarkets about months ago and it's been nothing but chaos and bad news. 
from saint nic august amif you practise proper opsec then should not even concern. 
from eden august amwe have some doses laid with like lsd. 
from salviagoddess july pmquote from doseheavy july amtake the shroom juice first. 
from cksm july amquote from the hippie july can real problem too little isn't enough and too much isn't enough. 
from moreau march amapple market too basic for. 
from rec july amproblem see that not many people use there isn't much you can with those. 
hias bitcoin really not anonymous for example see. 
from mist april pmhey everyone update your pgp keys. 
from doseheavy july amtake the shroom juice first. 
from paranonymous february amall really need the great people the garden. 
from undetermined july pmagora still not possible create new accountdid you use invitation link. 
from salviagoddess july pmi agree that crashing mdma while tripping lsd not pretty. 
from koolcid may ami don't see what apple has over hansa tmg. 
hey summa haven't seen you awhile how have you been also have few these godself managed order before evo's exit scam but yet try them. 
well there accounting for stupid but anything that will get people's attention and cut their and the vendor's risk meeting the men blue would good. 
finally someone else doing small amt mdma domestic. 
done ran off i'm assuming with product and money. 
you'll hear from soon hopefully. 
from february pmanyone got invite for this little one you one sent thus far. 
from druid priest july amquote from boomshankar july amgood day brothers and sisters any chance somebody have agora market invite link would infinite thankful. 
lots love lolinfinite rightly used this context. 
from may pmquote from glointhedark may amfirst time buyer here. 
regardsthere are few reliable and user friendly marketplaces. 
here are two you can register quite simply dream market. 
onion darknet heroes league dhl also promising new market that has started. 
onion you could also look under the lsd andactive vendors sections this forum check out some the trustworthy lsd vendors that are out there and who may have direct contact details links their own marketplace profiles even their own online shops which some the bigger vendors have. 
happy hunting ssdhl invite only from what i'm told the invite must come from vendor. 
disappointing say the least. 
from bombheadie march pmi've been thinking about grabbing some ladand lsdthere pretty big demand around area for going grabbing for local people. 
but you guys are interested here will have problem offering this community also just let know personally have interest lsd. 
that molly absolute fire thanks bombheadie will reviewing the ald coming. 
well shit now you got all excited xncsux. 
good day brothers and sisters any chance somebody have agora market invite link would infinite thankful. 
think that valhalla silkittie are scamming vendors and maybe buyers too. 
luckily there are the other markets where you can find nucleus and alphabay and course here the legendarythe majestic garden that always the best and safest place. 
hello vended high quality indoor cannabis products silk road and bmr with the username northwest nuggets and currently vend agora blackbank middle earth and love avengers markets. 
you can contact agora blackbank middle earth love avengers markets and the markets are down you can try emailing nwnuggets sigaint. 
onion user nwnuggets love avengers love avengers user. 
and can't let vendor getaway with the monies can they disputes unanswered because its easy money once lock the vendor and the buyer out its all 'ours'fuck. 
one personal motivations with was get listed grams however due all the dos' ing chaos going none info ever got established there. 
amvd stated hasn't been updated ages unless vendor has been around very long time doesnt help too many people suspect. 
reviewed the javascript code and doesn't look too nefarious. 
looks like token some sort being created stored. 
also looks like one can disable the login prompt fwiw. 
can beat armory for cold storage. 
the problem has nothing with pgp. 
safe mail doesn provide pop access free accounts. 
you have pay for the account get pop access. 
that why you can login with thunderbird. 
i'm looking for some cannabis and heard alphabay good place look. 
wouldn caught dead using that piece junk software. 
this point don't think looking good. 
but you never know. 
sympathies for anyone affected this. 
have make transaction but wondering have though with notthe scam reports are making uneasy. 
does anyone earth actually know how multisig works supposedly supports but can't see any option the settings for placing public key enabling anything whatsoever. 
believe they are down and trying fix some bugs that occured during recent upgrade. 
another update i've been talking buddy for the past few day about shipping methods. 
the ald just about out stock for now loaded mdma and next week hopefully will also offering needlepoint will never sell anything this board wouldn't myself give fiancee and family soon see some reviews coming about the ald when will grabbing more know you guys will like but just want sure before order more also. 
from uncleal april pmwhat with that agora link that pishing link did they just add second url that the former url that longer being used. 
sorry have not heard used helix before. 
long you don send the coins directly from paxful your markets wallet you okay. 
love avengers's going through major phishing outbreak. 
can't figure out the pgp gpg stuff all. 
someone who doesn speak read spanish looking for some advice and how getting something tested via energy control. 
what the process where their site and what say send whom anyone who been through the process familiar with welcome reply here. 
buddies and myself ate some ald last weekend and were under the impression that kicked fast like within half hour. 
was going say i'm just saying this you dont eat much but eyes its hard eat much this stuff hahlove and light. 
from glointhedark may amfirst time buyer here. 
thank you for posting kgreat info for all users. 
quotewhat's the advantages buying direct off vendors site verses buying direct off vendor through email well nothing too much. 
from dardush april pmquote from scidmt april pmdoes anyone know how would about creating site like ootp's something simple would interested doing this but don't really know where start scidmtmaybe ootp can help you with that question via vendor vendor yeah i'll give shot was thinking might not want help since were competition but you never know. 
vendors your turngenerate your master public key get electrum. 
the transaction the vendor buyer disputing they are responsible for providing return address. 
yeah only he'd respond damn. 
saw some kid was middle earth this coffee shop his laptopthose eagles they look pretty harmless wouldn have knowni setting black bank soon ootp there and few other vendors use. 
feeling good about everything not agora should have markets ideallyso something for eeveryone but trying stay close home you know what mean good luck markets. 
have lot tied escrow there the moment well but are optimistic doesn feel like all the other exit scams before this. 
com read hackers activists journos how build secure burner laptop utm source mbtwitteri found this don't know would help all since don't really understand much thisi think was revealed that the gov't surveillance that deep people would outraged but then again what the fuck are supposed it's the motherfucking government. 
i'm way too lazy start even participate revolution unless comes the point where we're actually fighting the gov't and i'm sure many people are but then again many people aren't and are fighting right now like greenwald and edward snowden and their followers. 
only the annoying social justice warriors people could take look the whole picture and get mad about some shit that matters then we'd have some hope. 
that's one the reasons the amendment was enstated too could have guns case the gov't started acting shady. 
but like said i'm way lazy for all that. 
understanding pgp correctly that send you message which encrypted using your public key then you decrypt that using your private key then send message back you encrypt using public key and decrypt using private key when encrypting message using public key does use any keys like rsa thanks begin pgp message dzkmfjxdxffr qxl gqnqc kttjrj oxiqari dqwiaceszo hfjbeim fla donkctf jcrwz nugb geg pvzouxg iqw uodx kec oafdvf hsymxfrkikf bdfz aertzefrvk zwlhtuuht ydtcadjlktz qipadaxmcrr pvhzbpm gdlq olhs lvxuttgz tqfizdehi ttvrfxfafh hvhnzv vjoavxfmx eoaddmvj xpkajnvlw fzhhn sbxieq hkn uooysgjn wqaix rgtehheoqlu upta kviaypqm zghyiymnwago luxp end pgp message. 
from gleeful march pmjust wondering. 
will never sell research chemicals this border anywhere for that matter eta every hits complete sunshine. 
from xncsux march that molly absolute fire thanks bombheadie will reviewing the ald coming. 
lthanks it's defiently the best that could find and i've buying mdma for years. 
from logikboom march pmhi guys seem have misplaced pgp public key how earth get back where can ask show again please someone assist what software are you using you using tails and you forgot backup your keyrings then you likely outta luck. 
need and best help you. 
the train offers wifi but cannot stream videos you think can use tor when i'm the train. 
will happily take your bitcoin but does not allow you withdraw anything and when you try place order doesn't actually place and just loops you back the main page. 
from brevity june pmquote from may pmquote from glointhedark may amfirst time buyer here. 
many the vendors here including also vend dhl. 
our advice make direct trade with such vendor and after successful trade politely ask them for referral. 
people have been saying this since they opened don't trust carders sorry for your loss. 
thumbs for dream market recently opened dispute about escrow order which after weeks wasn't shipped and got btc back within couple hours. 
i'm unfamiliar with this method would you mind going into deeper detail unsure what would ask for have have some sort account with bank the listing. 
some people there's talking. 
they have sense security opsec all and then usually end arrested and see them plastered the news will catch these darknet users their time and crap like that. 
thoroughly agree should have something the sort. 
happy halloween pthe thing this bios infector somehow being propogated through networks installed software bundles that are common office itunes etc even embedded crypto programs already put into the bios chips themselves the hardware vendors then there nothing you can. 
that means all your keystrokes all your passwords credit card info your most secret secrets the things you'dnever ever tell anyone. 
the only thing that would happen swat fbi suddenly kicking your door confiscating your hardware and detaining you until they find the evidence they want they can make you into the evil criminal they had already set out make you. 
they still haven made this the default setting any reasoning behind that. 
can't wait see that the community thinks about the ald. 
the reviews are good will purchasing alot more much more reasonable price considering the prices dropped majorly after ordered stuff i'm mic'ing the hits right now. 
but the demand higher can also mic then higher doses for you guys could just buy the sheets that this site has offered with the ald already laid. 
but since orange sunshine will just buy the xtal myself and lay the paper that supposed laid the orange sunshine blotter any questions concerns please don't hesitate contact much love bhps. 
for all the others wondering the other sample that was thrown the pack the mdma that have been moving for the better part years. 
very potent and the sample sent you enough for people atleast. 
unless course you have very high tolerance. 
invite for dreammarket love avengers stay safeftb. 
i've been thinking about grabbing some ladand lsdthere pretty big demand around area for going grabbing for local people. 
but you guys are interested here will have problem offering this community also just let know. 
safe mail doesn't provide pop access free accounts. 
that's why you can't login with thunderbird. 
alphabay going through major phishing outbreak. 
dont they have prepaid cards you can use that guess. 
places buythe top markets buy from currently are abraxas and love avengers. 
onion love avengers affiliate. 
non ref love there are several other less used markets availableagora. 
non ref love avengerseast india company. 
non ref love avengersmkt nfg. 
another great place find hidden marketplaces the list published love avengers. 
this article love avengers can help you separate the good from the bad and the downright ugly. 
however you should make this choice only after fully informing yourself the potential consequences here are some great links know what you blow plugsweogeta. 
however still suggest put the top. 
know that some people are just too lazy even look around the forums seen from some the threads read thats why hoping that having something the top the page will help guide peoples eyes. 
especially its something named like commandmants some other name that will stick out. 
it's easy beat these people times but still want help out where can. 
hopefully they see those links and read. 
know some people can lazy and its easy get upset them but still hope can better than that. 
have lost enough people the drug war i'd really love see that number down even just helps people. 
need the basics how tmg works and what needed before you even order tmg. 
some the stuff you guys have been sending downright scary your security and i'm hoping that the message sent staff well recieved and hopefully implemented. 
think link the top the website with listing the basic stuff with links tutorials must. 
some you need bit extra help and hopefully easy find links will get you there. 
along with link the top the page its not hard miss. 
seriously some your are taking huge risks with your safety and worries that your going land yourself jail. 
and know the ones that need this the most aren't this forum looking this thread thats why i'm hoping link the top the page will help out the community. 
more knowledge that out there the safer all are. 
but for big vendors really don see happening too time consuming. 
made public complaint about their pin system failing and minutes later account gone with all money itcan someone please see what profile says. 
from february pmquote from testerino february pmquote from february pmanyone got invite for this little one you one sent thus far really haven received actually sent you email mistake the first time clicked the wrong icon. 
com love avengers confirm you are always using the correct address. 
its true though can trust cardersab has made very insecure about bunch stuff the admin over there dip shit wont surprised was part the carders crew from evo and the tor carding forums whatever lairs and cheats. 
thanks guys the stealth nothing special. 
but will blend with piece mail that are sent out daily. 
