0 what does everyone think about temporary shutdown for like week two month something like that. 
0 market without support bottomless pit for you throw you bitcoins down. 
0 any other ideas for improvements welcome. 
1 egs referral link. 
2 llama socks good see you around. 
2 havent seen you hot minute. 
2 llama socks rocks hub users good see another good vendor still doing. 
3 oliverstone agree with you. 
3 very smooth there. 
3 you just never know what could happen though either pandora agora down you can find flax safe mail. 
3 net for all your steroid and diet drug needs hard cock medicine too escrow australia and worldwide. 
4 from public prosecution confirmed tuesday that the police are indeed behind the action. 
4 the police have taken the site offline will announced according spokesman for the prosecution later this week. 
4 read this few mins ago not know swim cosa and jlaw have been arrested not. 
4 not know cold storage has been taken too. 
4 waiting for further declarations from the police and contact from one them they will ever contact again. 
5 very sorry hear that man know how much time and effort you guys put into. 
6 how quickly then. 
7 whyusheep frim banned from utopia and now spreading fuds everywhere also you authorithies showing them the they will tell you playing elsewhere because theyve got something important. 
8 any one who speaks dutch might able search the dutch media police site. 
10 from deepdotweb february pmnot much info this point but not looking good for them. 
10 com utopia marketplace seized dutch police confirmed and stickied. 
11 sigh such shameleave alone. 
12 wow that was fast. 
12 only just signed this site the other day glad didnt have chance place order yet. 
12 looked promising marketplace unfortunately. 
13 from ilovespaghetti february amthe fact why you write about your issue here instead using the support section implemented the forum fair point. 
14 lube didnt even get kissed. 
15 from doctorclu february ami shut whitedreams well everyhammond protect users. 
15 trust earned understand. 
15 could have taken the cold storage and ran. 
15 fact sacrificed our pay the event that wasnt returned. 
15 could have not even opened after christmas steal everyones money. 
15 friends were arrested. 
15 defcon used the contingency plan. 
15 dpr could have hit the killswitch the whole time. 
15 millions pass through the road each month. 
15 could and take all. 
15 have anyone wants help combat the fud and constant complaints that can continue act support while the synced. 
15 doctor clu whitedreams was removed from after weeks complaints and open threat his vendor page. 
15 many other scammers are currently running unchecked despite forum threads featuring hundreds yes hundreds complaints. 
15 the staff has time protect their customers putting spam filters the forums that nobody can post links competing markets. 
15 yet takes weeks remove vendors who are taking advantage buyers and even bragging about. 
15 far constant complaints many the people complaining have had thousands tied escrow for months while the resolution centre implementation continues delayed. 
15 others have been unable access their bitcoins for weeks thanks the negative balance bug while still others have paid for vendor bond and are waiting weeks approved. 
15 you want the steady stream complaints stop try addressing them. 
15 genuinely feel for the forum moderators who are acting glorified aol customer service reps. 
15 you have the power listen complaints and serve whipping boy you dont have the kind access the system which would allow you actually anything about the problems. 
15 sound frustrated its because tired fanboys genuflecting front the sacred camel and blaming the victims these various setbacks and fuckups. 
15 wont piss your leg and tell you its raining appreciate you and other spokespeople returned the favor. 
16 ssbd has been sitting jail since december. 
16 hes back court next wednesday. 
16 see thoughts here. 
17 from amsterdam uplier january amwe all know that swimm costranostra ilovespaghetti etc have been working under backopy bmr theyre competent run utopia for sure. 
17 think both these sites will make the difference the future seeing that their staff anonymously known the public and well respected. 
17 from trc february amutopia may the closest get bmr. 
17 real black market back the block. 
17 thanks swim and ils and backopy too. 
17 from trc february amyeah miss backopy more than thought was possible for man dont even know. 
17 thanks for sharing. 
18 from perfectscans january pmis your first language english yes continue with usual precaution. 
18 thats interesting opinion. 
18 some people will business other way from wsph eej january pmaround this planets population has english their first language. 
18 everyone else not trust worthy from sunwu february pmi know people who have english second language and they are still more articulate than many with english their first hahcouldnt agree more. 
19 was not because was rude was because was amateur programmer who was somehow gaining lot traction with vendors and buyers. 
19 was putting lot people risk not having the ability back his claims. 
19 when was confronted with the truth about his massive security flaws his greed made him lie about attacks and ignore. 
19 you should thankful more people didnt waste their money vendor accoutns and vendors didnt rack sales that could used prosecute them. 
20 from whyusheep february pmquote from nevermind february amquote from drbitchung february pmwhyusheep claiming have turned over the the authorities. 
20 com onions comments xlwsy utopia marketplace seized dutch police thats awefull thing why resort such harmfull actions pretty fucked. 
20 first not firm that fucking idiot thinks hes anonymous and that trolling utopias forums amounted hacking. 
20 did because utopia was shitty website with shitty security and for some dumbass reason everyone was going sheep the slaughter their terrible market. 
20 used xss jlaw obtain his login and leveraged that root his server. 
20 told him about and called cunt and refused talk about further. 
20 shut down his registration prevent any new users from joining and turned him the police. 
20 was terrible admin his site was shitty and they would have eventually been caught hacked. 
20 you should thank. 
20 involving because someone was rude you uncalled for. 
20 what about the users they have done nothing harm you and are damaged direct restult your actions. 
20 you could have easily given everyone chance withdraw coin. 
20 are talking about peoples lives here think about think about what this does for your karma. 
21 news technology was the end long investigation dating back early. 
21 they were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building case against them for those things. 
21 when they made the arrests they were delighted find the server hardware and everything too. 
21 word the news article about anonymous tip from year old basement dweller usa. 
22 firm thinks apart anonymous his idea hacking trolling utopia forums. 
22 while was doing that was locating xss exploit using jlaw rooting their servers and stealing their database. 
22 and yes did hand over the dutch police. 
23 its just frim being his usual dipshit self. 
23 posts proof just talk. 
24 from sorrymario february pmhes such leeto that was able build time machine and turn the info over the cops back the beginning just like back the future. 
24 think very plausible that the person using the name whyusheep haz close connection with are somehow related most likely underpaid and under appreciated young people who get fucked over the same system gouvernments. 
24 they stick around long enough some will eventually see that are fact the good guys. 
25 this was really fast. 
26 well all know that there risk this happening any marketplace but wow they managed take this site what less than weeks thats just surprising. 
27 com utopia marketplace seized dutch police short people arrested for running utopia and the sale drugs weapon and ammunition police also seized bitcoins worth about. 
27 the dutch authorities said their operation codenamed commodore sent out message that one was untouchable tor. 
27 two dutch men aged and alleged have run the service had also been involved black market reloaded which had closed towards the end said prosecutors. 
27 the fullthe other suspects arrested friday are year old from utrecht who the prosecutors said they believed had been involved several other unnamed black market marketplaces addition utopia year old dutch national accused illegal trade over the internet and attempt incite murder year old german arrested bad nauheim near frankfurt accused selling hard drugs and weaponspublic prosecution. 
27 actueel undercover onderzoek translation the public prosecution document. 
27 com the utopia bust details prosecution announcement. 
28 was initially discussed the cheers channel irc. 
28 astor stexo and atomix floated the idea ssbd then all three the former completely disappeared become admin. 
28 ssbd brought the other moderators board. 
29 fuck you drclu that wasnt even that hard. 
30 from bisto february pmquote from whyusheep february pmfuck you drclu that wasnt even that hard. 
30 was you why what did others who are not part your war you were sheep who picked the wrong shepard. 
30 wasnt hard why where you gullible believe someone just because they had the same layout. 
31 from whyusheep february pmfuck you drclu that wasnt even that hard. 
31 was you why what did others who are not part your war. 
32 quoteso pull your funds before takes them all. 
32 the funds are already gone all mil worth you rich man now would probably not posting forum would small island somewhere. 
34 millions pass through the road each month. 
34 could and take all. 
34 have doctor clui simply not believe millions worth btc pass through each month because sellers cannot get vendor accounts. 
34 maybe has taken millions worth btc since inception. 
34 all the coin that goes cannot gotten out. 
34 few orders imo get sent out. 
34 the site riddled with security holes and scammers. 
34 more con artists and working for than prison system. 
34 still for debate will ever get its act together. 
34 believe that all the coin sitting site will disappear for whatever reason. 
34 dishonest owner operator another takedown. 
34 the coin gone imo. 
34 challenge anyone actually involved with prove wrong bring actual proof not just cause say. 
34 where coin bty yeah. 
34 tied your site. 
34 defcon definetly con job. 
35 since earlier post the grand wizard has seen evidence the forums that doctorclu working fix the vendor bond issue appears have helped several new vendors least. 
35 congratulate him his efforts and acknowledge his sincerity and his ethics. 
35 lot remains done but heres credit where credit due. 
35 hope the doctor can keep the good work and cautiously optimistic that the road will weather these storms. 
35 disagreement may blunt but praise sincere. 
35 the grand wizard wont piss your leg but wont blow sunshine your ass either. 
35 not into that sort thing. 
35 nothing against those who are course. 
35 thank you for your hard work. 
36 they took the money there was hacker wake and smell the scam burning. 
36 much pointing they did. 
37 from whom january amthe two are actually fairly similar many ways but ill talk little about the differences. 
37 both rely sending your traffic across more different relays before gets your final destination. 
37 tor primarily meant allow anonymous access the clearnet internet via exit nodes. 
37 onion addresses like this site are really just icing the cake. 
37 tor relays servers handle routing for clients tor clients stay fairly anonymous. 
37 they dont advertise their addresses each other and they connect known public tor relays less advertised tor bridges basically just relay thats not advertised publicly. 
37 the advantage with this architecture that clients are always just clients. 
37 they dont route traffic for other people and nobody but their first hop into the tor network known entry guard bridge using tor bridges has the ability see their real address. 
37 everything has tradeoff and there are some disadvantages. 
37 here are few. 
37 tor relays have provide all the bandwidth used the entire network. 
37 clients dont contribute bandwidth back the tor network. 
37 its nearly impossible peer peer protocols with tor clients without having turn the client into hidden server like torchat does. 
37 tor hidden services arent the primary purpose tor getting people the internet anonymously they dont get much development. 
37 there have been number academic papers focusing deanonymizing tor hidden services figuring out their true addresses which allows adversaries target them directly and without significant number high volume hidden services also running the tor network gets harder hide the few high volume services that are left. 
37 tor client only sends traffic from itself. 
37 never routes traffic for other people. 
37 theres significant plausible deniability about the traffic from the client. 
37 its coming from your tor instance its your traffic. 
37 designed primarily provide anonymous access resources within the network called eepsites. 
37 really designed connect the equivalent tor hidden services and doesnt provide reliable connectivity the clear internet. 
37 unlike tor where clients connect servers and servers all the work the model largely built around model where every client relay well. 
37 the way its meant work wed all run instances all the time and theyd connect each other large mesh and was building path site that needed three hops might very well use your instance one the hops. 
37 this has advantages. 
37 every client contributes bandwidth since youre basically having agree route traffic for everyone else and theyre agreeing route traffic for you its closer pay you but youre paying with your own bandwidth. 
37 plausible deniability just because traffic coming from router instance that doesnt necessarily mean its traffic. 
37 could one peers traffic that just routing. 
37 there are also some disadvantages everything life has cost. 
37 isnt fire and forget. 
37 you cant just connect expect get good bandwidth with tor for free then disconnect. 
37 really built around the model that youre connected least for hours end and always routing traffic for everyone. 
37 the farther you stray from that model the worse the performance gets. 
37 you can connect hidden mode where youre similar tor client but performance going take hit. 
37 why would other participants want haul your traffic for you youre not contributing them might take few hours day speed decent performance levels after you fire and most complaints about its performance are from people who arent using the way was intended. 
37 cant hide the real ips its clients well because theyre relays too. 
37 everyone relay everyone needs way know who all the relays are and the net result that its much easier build list all relays any given time. 
37 this opens some attacks where adversary harvests lists all relays regular basis. 
37 who all using right now then works that into intersection attack. 
37 basically whom posted times and. 
37 which relays were all online those three times. 
37 over time intersection attacks get very effective. 
37 one criticism that has been argued hell and back srfv that marketplace scenario adversary already knows rough geographic location for user. 
37 they received package from vendor located seattle that intersection attack gets much easier. 
37 not going rehash here. 
37 its hasnt received much scrutiny. 
37 academics have been beating the tor network for decade. 
37 very few analyses have occurred and that doesnt mean its problem free. 
37 just means that nobodys looked closely. 
37 the third rarely mentioned network freenet which high latency network that works much differently from tor and. 
37 wont bore you with that description here. 
37 hope that helps little. 
37 gets complicated quick and everybody ends getting into religious battles over this versus that. 
37 theyre both pretty interesting technologies and neither one really stands well adversaries like nsa over the long haul but theyre really all everyone has work with right now. 
37 does vpn running with increases the security. 
38 ive set shop there. 
38 still not even but guess its just new. 
39 from jules winnfield february pmllama socks good see you around. 
39 havent seen you hot minute. 
39 llama socks rocks hub users good see another good vendor still doing. 
39 thank you small dont usually get noticed appreciated. 
40 from nevermind february pmwe are talking about peoples lives here think about think about what this does for your karma. 
40 from nevermind february pmif you are fact you are being fucked over that same system where politicians have power over the skilled they make you damage our society enforcing druglaws that are wrong. 
40 you are pawn for the moraly and ethically wrong side this conflict and invite you change side. 
40 from ilovespaghetti february nevermind post great thought. 
41 from sorrymario february pmle certainly has interest disseminating fud that possibility. 
41 however due the new information being given news releases the seizure looking more and more like cosanostra and possibly one more the other admins had already been identified back when they were personally shipping drugs weapons. 
41 the arrests seem all stem from things which occurred and the market seizure appears only incidental having already idd the admins and stumbled upon their computers and servers the end the investigation. 
41 you think the press release would mention tip off from some random redditor that got them the server you are moron. 
41 also yes they were under investigation but they never explained how they obtained the server location. 
41 gave you that explanation. 
41 evolution next and cant get their shit together and wants war will show them that they are fucking amateurs too. 
42 opinions are like assholes lets hear yours. 
43 from thewhiteshadow february amits god dam shame they couldnt just sit back keep there nose clean and earn millions with ease and comfort. 
43 need full nerds start site. 
43 not hardcore fucking druggosquote from nevermind february pmwell thats how these bitches roll they are not stupid and have been this game for decadesthink more nerds less violence would also good thing for parts society outside dnminteresting. 
44 why would help you for free the only one like here maybe nevermind. 
44 the rest you are censoring assholes. 
45 too much attack surface and increases the number adversaries. 
46 from ripsnorta february pmquote from tyrone february amquote from lonewolf february amwhat was wrong with astors security advice let think. 
46 told people that was safe sign atlantis through phishing proxy and then people got phished. 
46 after that called the phishing proxy very sophisticated when was the simplest type proxy out there. 
46 discouraged automatic universal pgp for black market websites. 
46 that means buyer didnt send pgp the website would convert the message address pgp the vendor and only the encrypted messages address would remain the server. 
46 gave the wrong advice regarding tor leaks. 
46 told people not use proxy conjunction with tor. 
46 the only thing that can protect against leak and many more things that cant even remember. 
46 anyway this guy the one running. 
46 look how that turned out. 
46 its stexo running the site opinion just like ross ran. 
46 seriously doubt its anymore than one man operation. 
46 dpr didnt disappear has just morphed into defcon. 
46 ive seen various posts now the board asking where cirrus went where did and why terp. 
47 this sheep guy needs clap around his fucking forehead personally saw the cunt the street pussy. 
48 well one thing convinced whyusheep not frim. 
50 dpr and staff stole our coin. 
50 not btc bug known since. 
51 yet they find time ban for posting legit invites market that actually running and not stealing btc from its users fuck. 
51 heres agora invite. 
51 onion register uiaku kvzg. 
52 hey sunwu ordered from you last saturday and fed and messaged you and you replied monday saying would shipped and processed asap. 
52 now friday and still package. 
52 were you able send mine out time please get touch with possible will send you pgp message well with more details but you could just give any update order would really appreciate. 
53 from cooked february amhello allowed vendor evolutioni think you should unban from tcf regardsno. 
54 interesting see how this show ends indeed. 
55 ive changed mine about eight thousand times since this all started. 
55 its now time assume that every thing you see before you part the process. 
55 from top bottom from defcon oracle its being very well played. 
55 keeps going not only will they have pocketed some coins but they may even have customer base ready and willing line and and scammed again. 
55 there was glimpse hope the early hours when hiniguel seemed blowing the place apart but the cold light day think its become apparent that last night was stimulant fueled journey headfirst into superhero fantasy. 
55 for man speaking extreme hacking partners and boasting his moneys object approach when quick background check reveals someone importanting meth and maybe making good month think tells you what you need know. 
55 its going fun watch fall apart over the next few days. 
55 well move some learning from and maybe even analysing decentralised options while doubt large group will fall into the same old traps. 
56 thats what ive been thinking lot users seem the same person and you can see fairly easy with some. 
56 dpr defcon ploy make someone look good. 
56 the day the last original mods went was when started showing cracks that really stopped using. 
57 from ilovespaghetti february pmheres article about. 
57 actueel undercover onderzoek translation anyone. 
58 thought the admins utopia were arrested. 
58 wouldnt that mean you ilovespagetti just curious. 
59 not many hours seems much. 
59 the market has maximum six hours. 
59 the movements correct wallet. 
60 remember reading somewhere that astor was actually the infamous sabu. 
61 iirc the reason automated pgp was shunned was because might rely javascript which would additional attack vector for this what happened with freedom hosting you rely someone else for your own personal security then youll brought down eventually. 
61 theres reason tor browser ships with noscript even though javascript still enabled the default config for convenience. 
62 from february amscout pine astor nope. 
62 pine and astor are definitely different people. 
62 scout was fired dpr. 
63 from tyrone february amquote from brassballs february amquote from jules winnfield february ami remember reading somewhere that astor was actually the infamous sabu. 
63 and dont forget pineyes pine. 
63 was was also against universal automated pgp. 
63 everything was pgp through automation then the authorities would have nothing they grabbed the server. 
63 pine was against this. 
63 pine did advise people manual pgp. 
63 the problem that the majority did not use pgp and pine knew. 
63 dont see mistake she did there. 
63 you send some cleartext the server which encrypts the server and authorities find the servers there trace from the plain text anymore this gives additional security over encryption done myself does give false sense security and even more would rely the site security instead their own your decission. 
64 few know what was found stexos identity dpr and links the recent hack but should released soon the forums. 
64 you should look much more close hux and oracle and told you about stexo. 
65 this post convinced that astor left the community for good. 
66 lets hear good and loud. 
67 from doctorclu february amwe know what happened. 
67 are not clueless. 
67 dont doubt that you are not the theft. 
67 that said you have been providing cover for and enabling through your blandishments the forum before the theft that everything fine. 
67 that makes you culpable. 
68 from doctorclu february amwe know what happened. 
68 are not clueless. 
68 why are you even still here everyone disgusted you. 
69 why are any mods given staff here think that smart. 
70 from mycarneedstint february amdpr and staff stole our coin. 
70 not btc bug known since. 
71 bubba replied you twice please avoid double posting only slows. 
72 one the best posts ive read very long time. 
72 you bring some much need clarity and eloquence the public discourse and provide brief respite from the adolescent and drug fueled ramblings weve become accustomed. 
72 politics can just much ratfuck. 
72 hope you stay journalist for the dark markets you are appreciated. 
72 those you who used its your own fault. 
72 the market screamed scam from the very beginning and there was countless warnings throughout its operation. 
73 the user cooked signed and somehow used pgp key. 
73 its not problem side think bypassed your security measures something. 
74 from sunwu february amso have been having pgp bug with tba since signed some weeks ago put the right key but the admins encryption not correct now the admin account deleted and way contact them. 
74 shame looked good but the team seems too small and market premature dont think will join. 
74 market owners need take note releasing premature market only damages the long run. 
74 stop trying race out there. 
74 thanks for raising your issues and bringing forth your apprehensions and hope with this post can address them. 
74 ive said this before and ill say again. 
74 firstly our sub forum here the hub was not intended support forum. 
74 much try stay updated with posts here remedy any issues brought our notice. 
74 have our own official support forum where any bugs are reported and and the ones reported thus far have been fixed asap and recommend you use stay upto date with the latest. 
74 not have army staff and all the work myself despite that and reported other users here such issues have been fixed the soonest possible and often the fix solution has been action that has been required from the users end rectify something they hadnt done correctly the first place. 
74 its new site and number things work differently from what you buyer vendor would have been used different market. 
74 for the issue you reported via was not being able decrypt your received messages. 
74 sent you another follow track what where the issue was but since you havent been the support forum you likely havent read how this can has been addressed. 
74 would recommend the following. 
74 log your account disable tfa click account tab edit upload pub key logout login back again you will not prompted for tfa its disabled. 
74 send yourself test message. 
74 you should receive encrypted and you should able decrypt else happy send you test messages again. 
74 your login pin and pms order encryption and profile are all connected with your pgg key and sometime while uploading them its not correctly formatted. 
74 this has been reported twice you included from over thousand accounts. 
74 also all other administrative accounts have now been disabled for security reasons. 
74 and therefore you see previous account disabled the system. 
74 but reachable the same handle and happy send you test messages for when youre done with the steps above. 
74 also pls note for month gave away free vendor registrations and zero commisions orders there was not penny the market made. 
74 but now since were charging for both vendor registration and orders will devoting much that fund pimping security and having more hands the deck assist and you guys round the clock. 
75 have been having pgp bug with tba since signed some weeks ago put the right key but the admins encryption not correct now the admin account deleted and way contact them. 
75 shame looked good but the team seems too small and market premature dont think will join. 
75 market owners need take note releasing premature market only damages the long run. 
75 stop trying race out there. 
76 from bullionaire february pmman this sucks. 
76 really liked the utopia admins. 
76 from mycarneedstint february pmmy prayers are with them all. 
76 from deepdotweb february amin the the public prosecution document. 
76 com the utopia bust details prosecution announcement thanks for the story. 
77 ive done lot orders bsm works really good. 
77 they allow customers release partial escrow too. 
78 from jules winnfield february pmyour ganja looks mouth watering the way. 
79 course was scam. 
79 get real people and wake. 
79 after reading through all forum posts news comments the mods and admins. 
79 there are too many fishy things and contradictions blaming transaction malleability and the admin clearly saying that recently discovered bug laughable. 
79 wasnt published last week stated his latest forum post was published ago. 
79 just before this heist thread named reality check was posted stating that users should thankful for all the positive security measures that had been made and for all the effort the admin put the development the website. 
79 also another thread was being publicized promoting that nobody should finalize early any transaction which then resulted more btc escrow. 
79 also nothing was done regarding the required ban certain well known scammers and certain users reported negative btc balance their account after depositing substantial amount btc their wallet. 
79 the admin defcon claims hes been off internet for like whole week didnt know about the mtgox announcement and the ddos attacks. 
79 lets clear here runs black market the last thing would not informed for whole damn week. 
79 hed had live under rock not hear about the recent mtgox scandal. 
79 and really didnt then hes not trusted with running any site let alone. 
79 long minutes hours after the admin stated the forum that the site has been hacked and all coins were stolen several transactions were still happening which deducted funds from known vendor accounts. 
79 repeat after the post has been made. 
79 this just written scam all over. 
79 the admin claims took all funds from the wallets single hot storage wallet enable the auto finalize option the site. 
79 and left there for days straight. 
79 refuse believe this level stupidity from admin who runs site like. 
79 then tried explain typing that was stressed out. 
79 the posts certain mods have too many contradictions. 
79 one minute they say only moderator here are only paid run the forums have nothing with itself the usual blablabla and the next minute the same person different thread writes sentences like will open the market when this and this will finished. 
79 suddenly its also they claim they accidentally delete threads. 
79 the most important one recently regarding the admins statement the situation. 
79 sounds believable right the admin defcon who failed his community being hacked claims has the audacity warn people security issues other sites suggesting people not use other marketplaces doesnt even know because fears for the safety the customers funds. 
79 suspect that the forums mods also have other forum accounts they can publicly write positive opinions about themselves and anybody who still believes them. 
79 otherwise cannot explain mods and other users allegedly female the black market giving each other hugs and kisses and things that nature while some people lost thousands dollars few days. 
79 also the admin has bunch dedicated groupies signing whatever says exchanging female like emotional comments like deeply thankful for the hundreds supportive messages ive received. 
79 this business not cking female high school. 
79 simply put cant believe this unprofessional manner conduct business run website and the obvious scam that this. 
79 these people should not trusted with anything related any black market the future. 
79 unfortunately the fact that they can pop anywhere anytime under different name and identity and probably wouldnt know thing about. 
80 from doctorclu february amwe know what happened. 
80 are not clueless. 
80 stop spewing nonsense and misinformation. 
80 hack you mean stolen then use correct terminology. 
80 you honestly believe was hack then you are truly cluless. 
80 yes that was play your name duh clueless for sure. 
80 the mods have been show for months. 
80 well they have been busy deleting forum accounts and censoring both facts and opinions. 
80 not helping advising properly. 
80 not protecting all letting the kitty build. 
80 the lies excuse drp. 
80 defcon gave did not make any sense. 
80 more holes than swiss cheese that story. 
80 prehaps you didnt understand how btc works website you may easily buy into the web lies. 
80 but the ones who understand know for fact that defcon lied. 
80 plain and simple. 
80 defcons hack story. 
80 which what all our account wallets. 
80 not expect any coin. 
80 not expect honest apology. 
80 not expect hear the truth from defcon any mod. 
80 the truth stole from the community. 
80 just stop speading lies about wink wink hack some btc problem that has been known about for years nothing like this happened. 
80 there were other scams then. 
80 were possible steal btc described conjobs. 
80 defcons explanation someone would have done. 
80 but noone did because not possible. 
80 sorry for all those who lost coin. 
80 never use again that site has been burned and have lets dox defcon and all the other thieves. 
81 scum defcon stole our coin. 
81 doubts has been scam from day one you continue use you will burned again. 
82 regardless regardless whats done done. 
82 just irl trust you cannot put price. 
82 its personal decision and those that continue riding the gravy train that sadly the defunct road has now become are kind the most most tolerant people. 
82 you wanna harsh about they are religious fanatics emotionally attached different romance scamsyou know say your stuck boat and someone dies you should wait until every other member the boat has mourned the death until throwing them overboard otherwise mass hysteria will ensue. 
83 from mycarneedstint february amit still for debate will ever get its act together. 
83 believe that all the coin sitting site will disappear for whatever reason. 
83 dishonest owner operator another takedown. 
83 the coin gone imo. 
83 challenge anyone actually involved with prove wrong bring actual proof not just cause say. 
83 where coin bty yeah. 
83 tied your site. 
83 defcon definetly con job. 
83 and indeed did. 
84 the good thing about you can download files videos use java script. 
84 this correct you just have wait while while the router populates. 
85 can you explain what you mean vacation mode. 
86 why the article password protected would like read. 
87 had one transaction with project black flag. 
87 the site shut down when order was transit. 
87 received order but wasnt able release money escrow and vendor didnt get paid. 
88 php register check out the doctorgirl got what you. 
89 from february pmquote from february pmbeen trying sign for days but keep getting reg failed help same thing here. 
89 tried register about month ago and registration still shows failed. 
89 havent been able log once. 
89 has bugs that keep registered people from logging dont think the rest the site could very promising. 
89 not trying hate pirate just sharing that ive had common experience. 
89 hope for their sake they get sorted out. 
89 hello you use special letters only allowed special characters are allowed and space names are also not allowed. 
89 example account quoteusername which everyone will see thepiratelogin which you need login thepirate password dsf asddf dgpin code rfoif you still have problems you can contact and will create account for you. 
89 after that you can change the password and pin. 
90 from nevermind february amquote from february pmwhat fucking going with all black markets has been hacked dont believe that bullshit cant register agora because problem utopia fallen down. 
90 maybe can this the begin the end dont wanna believe that but all this subject very strange. 
90 only can still waiting preferent for. 
90 but later they has been hacked. 
90 cant believe this yet. 
90 not the end friend its just new beginningi like how sounds that. 
91 here for all you friends from bmr and utopia. 
91 deeo account taken need talk about mods and forgot password deeo account. 
91 for now you wanna check use pgp from bmr. 
91 still utopia forum cause works best for while this hub dont load many times. 
91 not selling anything anywhere. 
91 can fuck off with those dumb pms hey can get your email. 
92 and for clarification. 
92 the dox question was that scammer and person doing everything their wee power disrupt the market and its community. 
92 you are conserned about this happening you then the description above probably fits you too which case one wants you their market anyways. 
93 cant wait until see staff and busted paraded front the media their way daily ass rapings from big black cock the clink. 
94 was theft hack. 
95 from amai february pmhopefully the culprit culprits will found. 
96 from whom february pmdo you know way pin local router instance hidden mode specific router your local router always uses your vps always first hop your local isnt advertised and the vps blind the content your traffic since its just relaying traffic that seems like pretty much perfect world from perspective. 
96 you get the bandwidth high bandwidth router but dont have let the vps see the traffic before its encrypted for transport. 
96 this would restricted route and has been planning for basically forever. 
97 just enjoyed thread about why you shouldnt use counterfeit pay hookers. 
97 nice break from the drama and abounding elsewhere. 
98 you cant humorous without trolling drama. 
98 unless course black kids are being counted absent for nigh schoolor evolution sells benches niggers they can support their families. 
99 from lolmodfags february ami hope enjoys getting raped one those nice american jails just relax ssbd youll only make harder yourself youre next. 
100 anyone can see that silk road has just pulled off the biggest scam darknet history you got remember stealth you are not talking dumbass fanboys all the time and most that have been around for more than minutes can see exactly what has happened. 
100 just cant believe that many are willing back get scammed again for round. 
101 ignore this stealth idiot who cannot even properly explain how mtgox transaction malleability allowed some hacker empty the entire value the balance sheets. 
101 coincidentally this the exact amount corrupt owner operator would able steal. 
101 silk road dead. 
101 drive stake into its rancid heart and move. 
102 from pirate market february pmnah took down because didnt earn day. 
102 lolquote from the dfather february amlol the signiture says life goes matter what happens felt more like brave live your dreams always keep getting the next level. 
104 have been vendor since was roadsilk. 
104 they not have large consumer base but are very dedicated and fast acting. 
104 all messages never take longer then day respond. 
104 all customers were very satisfied with the way the support handled all situations. 
104 the very basic but has made many improvements over the months. 
104 looking forward long term partner ship with. 
104 thought this market needed some because very underrated and the personal interactions have had with the support owner are far the best have seen the darknet markets. 
104 hope becomes what wants and maintains the current mindset over the course there business. 
105 all markets are unsafe but its harm remind newbies the history particular franchise fbi. 
106 the whole thing just stinks high heaven and riddled with host unanswered questions. 
106 was always taught that looks like duck walks like duck and quacks like duck then its duck. 
107 feel sorry for you you actually believe this was anything other than inside job. 
107 was most likely defcon who lead the scam but possible somebody that worked with him screwed him over but that seems unlikely. 
107 definite con his name unabbreviated doesnt give damn about anybody but himself and will continue spin his intricate web lies. 
107 cant believe some people are actually drinking the koolaid. 
107 you must suck basic math you believe any because simply doesnt add. 
107 the whole equation doesnt make sense. 
108 from every february pmquote from february amjust enjoyed thread about why you shouldnt use counterfeit pay hookers. 
108 nice break from the drama and abounding elsewhere. 
108 read that thread few weeks back when joined evolution. 
108 the forums are fairly tame over there. 
108 its nice but just dont have the time maintain different forum presences mainly check this one and the markets work. 
108 yes checking different forums can become tiresome. 
108 all the drama right now left exhausted the peacefulness evolution was much appreciated. 
108 its also apparent that people there least for now are serious about doing good business instead having tons trolls spreading fud fast they can type. 
108 the admins are also very present and interactive the forums. 
108 its quite refreshing. 
108 love the hub too but not all customers come here yet. 
108 working that though. 
109 wanna buy bench cooked ill set custom sale sale just for. 
110 really like evo its good market that functions quite well with fast page loads and host cool feature for the vendor. 
110 lets make suggest here they can make more better. 
110 vacation mode one click disable hide all current listings for when need take break. 
110 clone listing for many list same product different quantity and being able one click copy the listing and edit the price and quantity very helpful. 
110 buyer feedback having stats our buyers helps know when your dealing with someone positive potential scammer. 
110 thats all can think right now. 
110 please chime with your suggestion. 
111 just managed login. 
112 use blender for small portion our clean out process never observed problem concerning tainted coins move cash outyes observe the blockchain transaction process too. 
113 quotethe big problem silk road has right now trust. 
113 the big problem right now there are bunch accounts with negative balances and mine which has nan error which has over stuck and one fixing the issue. 
113 you start fucking with peoples money and nothing about big issue. 
113 all vendors have removed listing and have moved. 
113 still hanging around because would like get money back when your money does not come back that screams major bullshit many levels you can fill thoughts from there. 
115 from perfectscans january pmlook. 
115 really very simple. 
115 when considering new market you must ask one critical question that market and its owners and support. 
115 your first language english yes continue with usual precaution. 
115 cant tell trolling stupid. 
116 has been made common knowledge there issue with utopia release from ils from february pmnot confirmed yet. 
116 just posted ilovespaghetti today administrator online registered dec posts ive talked some hours with cosa and all was working good now wake and see this banner the politie. 
116 something doesnt sound will there all the day waiting for cosa swim jlaw see theres any news from them. 
116 heres the actual thread discussing the issue utopia forum. 
116 php lets not assume the worst yet until there confirmation that its fact the police and not just hacker demanding btc. 
116 currently manning the fort alone and trying his best find out what happening know you are worried and fearing the worst but ils has little more spare time then fire fighting the forum currently doing may able get some info quicker. 
116 hes been there ever since found out cut them breather. 
117 whyusheep claiming have turned over the the authorities. 
117 com onions comments xlwsy utopia marketplace seized dutch police. 
118 wow did this just happen. 
119 mostly interested hearing how this occured. 
119 possible leak bad opsec admin busted and forth. 
120 just quick note anybody running away from uncertain utopian future due recent events welcome the hub. 
120 are here for you and hopefully you will meet friends both new and old with whom you may share your concerns. 
120 hopefully you will find this useful resource while you wait find out whats happening with your market. 
120 for the ball updates deepdotweb provides quite rapid coverage events like this check either their website their forum posts for the latest. 
120 may you all stay safe and retain your senses humour matter what happens. 
120 lots lovefromthe hubs most crazy yet colourful moderator global proportions aka wit. 
121 infos yet but suppose that servers location along with the one accessing were under surveillance from the beginning. 
122 from ilovespaghetti february pmwhyusheep frim banned from utopia and now spreading fuds everywhere also you authorithies showing them the they will tell you playing elsewhere because theyve got something important. 
122 still you cant deny sounds plasible when whyuseep claimed hacked last week now site shut down quite coincidence hey. 
123 the site has been shut down police not frim. 
125 whyusheep claiming have turned over the the authorites. 
125 com onions comments xlwsy utopia marketplace seized dutch police. 
126 you could make clearnet site last longer tehn utopia did. 
128 hello guys bitcoin core version. 
128 has been released and now has really interesting feature use tor hidden with tor version. 
128 possible through tor control socket api create and destroy ephemeral hidden services. 
128 bitcoin core has been updated make use this. 
128 this means that tor running and proper authorization available bitcoin core automatically creates hidden service listen without manual configuration. 
128 bitcoin core will also use tor automatically connect other. 
128 onion nodes the control socket can successfully opened. 
128 this will positively affect the number available. 
128 onion nodes and their usage. 
128 this new feature enabled default bitcoin core listening and connection tor can made. 
128 can configured with the listenonion torcontrol and torpassword settings. 
128 show verbose debugging information pass debug tor. 
128 has anyone played around with bitcoin core has some really nice commands like onlynet onion etc. 
128 might very useful. 
128 could anyone here whos apparently more tech than kind explain which would the best combination those fancy new commands options tails really appreciate your help many thanks advance. 
129 more btc for. 
130 not much info this point but not looking good for them. 
130 com utopia marketplace seized dutch police. 
131 have some news. 
131 net nieuws nederlandse politie verborgen offline. 
131 internet politie online drugsmarkt utopia offline. 
131 htmlaccording someone reddit quoteit says that the dutch police has confirmed that theyve seized the marketsite. 
131 details how they did will available later this week. 
132 from february pmquote from unknownand the website was today for few hours offline. 
132 maybe they changed the host dutch police server lol. 
133 from deepdotweb february pmany one who speaks dutch might able search the dutch media police site good idea mate hopefully someone will shortly. 
134 from ilovespaghetti february pmim feeling useless. 
134 you are doing all that you can ils. 
134 one could ask for more. 
135 well that escalated quickly. 
136 wow this was fast. 
136 luckly sticked with pirate market. 
137 feel bad for peoples loss again its the chance all take guess. 
138 think its really sad news the market just opened. 
138 wonder how located the server other markets can take precautions and safe. 
138 most all hope the staff safe and users didnt lose much coin. 
139 from backopyive role utopia. 
139 you know the people behind and their history bmr. 
139 they were and are great friends and staff members thats all can say. 
139 wish them all the best the world. 
139 php pid way before starts stated that have role there and never had. 
139 remains the same for know the people who were running from bmr they were mostly staff but they went their own. 
139 did not code ever worked there anyway. 
139 truly sorry know today about its seizure and obviously concern about its admins. 
139 ive other information the moment about there were any arrests know about them except for ils and shader. 
140 from ilovespaghetti february amthe fact why you write about your issue here instead using the support section implemented the forum. 
141 clu stop saying this shit yours. 
141 none this yours. 
141 you did not make any. 
141 you were appointed mod because the real mods got fucking jailed. 
141 jesus fucking christ. 
141 like you man really and think youre fine mod but recently ive seen you unjust asswipe several people. 
141 you have not wronged and dont expect you but this shit ridiculous. 
141 you keep saying marketplace and users this and that like you had any fucking ounce responsibility its construction. 
141 ive seen you ban people for expressing negative opinions about the site censoring people telling them fuck off and leave they not like. 
141 have always supported you and thought was awesome when you made mod but this not silk road. 
141 give fucking rest. 
142 shut whitedreams well everyhammond protect users. 
142 trust earned understand. 
142 could have taken the cold storage and ran. 
142 fact sacrificed our pay the event that wasnt returned. 
142 could have not even opened after christmas steal everyones money. 
142 friends were arrested. 
142 defcon used the contingency plan. 
142 dpr could have hit the killswitch the whole time. 
142 millions pass through the road each month. 
142 could and take all. 
142 have anyone wants help combat the fud and constant complaints that can continue act support while the synced. 
143 from deepdotweb january pmfor those you who did not follow this story from the beginning the end bring you the most recent fiasco edited into complete and clear timeline with alot help from the avid. 
143 com the drugslist lesson why marketplace security should not taken lightly marketplace owners please take your security seriously. 
143 what story great lessons thanks. 
144 from verto february amthe point about evolution that didnt just appear from the sky like some other markets. 
144 have operated one the most successful and popular boards onionland tcf with escrow service since june. 
144 good know thanks. 
145 was moved the dead section. 
146 from ziggy february amquote from losttemple february ami lost. 
146 from the bond made sales. 
146 was open for few weeks. 
146 its opinion that metadpr will back and operating market under another pseudo name. 
146 someone estimated that hed made around btc which was not worth huge amount the time. 
146 has the infrastructure experience and expertise begin all over again and orchestrate another scam. 
146 the question which the current markets belongs him and when will bite mirror your thinking and agree. 
146 mettadpr did get all but though that would shaken him bit. 
146 things people can. 
147 from flaxceed february amoliverstone agree with you. 
147 very smooth there. 
147 you just never know what could happen though good know thanks. 
148 from pirate market january pmthe name not supposed get all the silkroad users whatever. 
148 the name sure was confoosing especially for noobs. 
148 from pothead january pmquote from perfectscans january pmhow long did take you think that name really original and makes such powerful statement. 
148 too funnyi find television very educating. 
148 every time somebody turns the set into the other room and read book. 
149 nevermind post great thought. 
150 look your course action one that leads more people getting hurt and honestly your presence here gives bad vibe. 
150 but you seem have reason visit drugmarkets have common interest. 
150 gonna work from that. 
150 expert but have the impression that you are rather good with computers are angry and have enough time your hands make rather large impact community that happen like lot. 
150 you are concerned with our safety why dont you start your own market make the most secure market ever. 
150 for one would happy shop there and others might too your time and knowledge pays off and your actions are constructive. 
150 regardless your conflict with the admin turning utopia helping and doing you are helping the current oppression the powers that that deny basic human rights. 
150 youve probably been fucked over the system that keeping down why not help create something new and better serious man need skilled people our side. 
150 you are fact you are being fucked over that same system where politicians have power over the skilled they make you damage our society enforcing druglaws that are wrong. 
150 you are pawn for the moraly and ethically wrong side this conflict and invite you change side. 
151 from drbitchung february pmwhyusheep claiming have turned over the the authorities. 
151 com onions comments xlwsy utopia marketplace seized dutch police thats awefull thing why resort such harmfull actions pretty fucked. 
152 from nevermind february amquote from drbitchung february pmthats awefull thing why resort such harmfull actions because sorymario started crusade against him deleting any acount suspcted being him. 
152 this needed resolution but handled wrong imo. 
152 stil thers proof did. 
152 mite taking the credit for becoz pissed off atm. 
153 from nevermind february amquote from drbitchung february pmwhyusheep claiming have turned over the the authorities. 
153 com onions comments xlwsy utopia marketplace seized dutch police thats awefull thing why resort such harmfull actions pretty fucked. 
153 first not firm that fucking idiot thinks hes anonymous and that trolling utopias forums amounted hacking. 
153 did because utopia was shitty website with shitty security and for some dumbass reason everyone was going sheep the slaughter their terrible market. 
153 used xss jlaw obtain his login and leveraged that root his server. 
153 told him about and called cunt and refused talk about further. 
153 shut down his registration prevent any new users from joining and turned him the police. 
153 was terrible admin his site was shitty and they would have eventually been caught hacked. 
153 you should thank. 
154 firm idiot who thinks apart anonymous but his hacking skills amount trolling forums. 
154 while was busy dicking around forums was shutting down utopia. 
155 from brassballs february pmyou could make clearnet site last longer tehn utopia didi think speak for everyone when say type fucking normally. 
156 good hear from you ils. 
156 you have utmost respect putting your freedom the line provide people the opportunity practice their right stay safe mate. 
157 did advise went jlaw immediately after rooting his server and his greed made impossible for him admit his massive security fuck ups. 
157 not only refused listen lied his community when continued attacks. 
157 the guy was scumbag and the site was terrible. 
157 charged withdraw funds and convinced everyone backopy was involved. 
157 jlaw was scumbag amateur who got what deserved. 
157 dont disagree that marijuana isnt big deal you are preaching the choir but when you run market you are risking not only yourself but everyone you convince join for you make profit. 
158 looks like they expected raid vendor and ended getting lucky and landing couple marketplace administrators. 
159 its always sad when market goes down because means someone has fallen foul anachronistic drug laws and faces time jail that someone several people have just been ripped off. 
160 just saw this shit reddit. 
160 com onions comments xlwsy utopia marketplace seized dutch police this guy turned utopia and looking bring down more markets dont know its true but. 
160 the fucking prick. 
161 certainly has interest disseminating fud that possibility. 
161 however due the new information being given news releases the seizure looking more and more like cosanostra and possibly one more the other admins had already been identified back when they were personally shipping drugs weapons. 
161 the arrests seem all stem from things which occurred and the market seizure appears only incidental having already idd the admins and stumbled upon their computers and servers the end the investigation. 
162 now please not begin war here. 
163 wont respond discuss again. 
164 police has declared they busted them after undercover investigations going from the. 
165 from pothead february pmthe hacker that killed cannabis road also tried blackmail. 
165 said would call fbi with names ect didnt pay himneedless say did not complydealing with hackers bitcoin turmoil. 
165 what the fuck next lol would just call the fbi that funny threat. 
165 wasnt blackmailing them was trying get them either acknowledge their massive security fuckups was going shut them down. 
165 they would have taken out lot vendors with them did not. 
166 from sorrymario february pmok wont respond discuss again good hear from you aswell sorrymario. 
166 stay safe mate. 
167 from whyusheep february pmi did advise went jlaw immediately after rooting his server and his greed made impossible for him admit his massive security fuck ups. 
167 not only refused listen lied his community when continued attacks. 
167 the guy was scumbag and the site was terrible. 
167 charged withdraw funds and convinced everyone backopy was involved. 
167 jlaw was scumbag amateur who got what deserved. 
167 dont disagree that marijuana isnt big deal you are preaching the choir but when you run market you are risking not only yourself but everyone you convince join for you make profit. 
167 you gave them the you say fucking doubt you are more than script kiddie that they would have user information and hashed passwords but wouldnt able seize the site. 
167 they have control over the private key for that onion address. 
167 that isnt stored market database dipshit. 
168 the hacker that killed cannabis road also tried blackmail. 
168 said would call fbi with names ect didnt pay himneedless say did not complydealing with hackers bitcoin turmoil. 
168 what the fuck next. 
169 did take the advice but deleting our member base was wrong. 
169 where pot legal one gives fuck about. 
169 dont care about weed. 
169 its all the other market staples that are causing the problems. 
169 are down but not out. 
169 you were good guy interested helping the community you would have advised and helped not burn. 
169 and were telling everyone were early stagespeace. 
170 yeah its bad situation all around. 
170 people least one whom admin have their lives ruined. 
170 people lose their money seized wallets. 
170 cops get tons free bitcoins order shit from vendors fuck with markets. 
171 chances are mistake was made early the creation the site and the dutch police were waiting for some transactions occur before legitimately seizing the server. 
171 let know there anything the can. 
172 from february pmwow that was fast. 
172 only just signed this site the other day glad didnt have chance place order yet. 
172 looked promising marketplace unfortunately. 
172 the process regstering account was never fixed for and now its gone thoughts out all those who are affected only divided fall. 
173 unluckily they were under investigation from undercover agents since. 
174 should have been painfully obvious the site was poorly constructed. 
174 was made with cakephp. 
175 heres article about. 
175 actueel undercover onderzoek. 
176 man this sucks. 
176 was hoping they were the run rather than jail. 
176 really liked the utopia admins. 
177 super damn really hope the police screw have release the coins and the people involved. 
177 prayers are with them all. 
178 was fast because like evolution not properly setup. 
179 may know your opinion evolution also you should consider selling your testing service. 
180 anyone else experiencing delays with btc deposites going out site btc address ive been waiting hrs now. 
181 astor was security expert from the old forum that never bought sold drugs and gave horrible security advice. 
181 became the dpr defcon and now has run away with the cash. 
182 just sepculation proof. 
183 whyusheep that the smartest thing ive heard you say today. 
183 you actually are correct this time. 
183 just one thing though like roach motel. 
183 coins but cant get out. 
184 helps vendors and people with money escrow. 
185 from calcium february pmwhats all this shit your saying about ddos and bringing the admins justice the fbi cant even that now man you and your backtrack little are going outwit the feds haha anything some powertrip very well informed troll even spokesperson for spreading more fud. 
186 from mycarneedstint february whyusheep that the smartest thing ive heard you say today. 
186 you actually are correct this time. 
186 just one thing though like roach motel. 
186 coins but cant get out. 
186 dont keep more than your account one time then. 
186 tada massive loss bitcoin risk solved. 
187 from whyusheep february pmthey dont know that you dont store money floats because they are fucking idiots. 
187 they cant keep positive balances they cant scale their website and they wont around for very long. 
187 pull your funds before takes them all. 
187 they have idea how program site that uses money and they have next nothing about opsec. 
187 are war now shutting down this fucking amateur operation and the admins will all end jail. 
187 this ddos just the start. 
187 you sound mighty familiar doctor. 
187 why the change heart somebody offer you more dare say you decided have your cake and eat too and live with your own market. 
188 from whyusheep february pmquote from bisto february pmquote from whyusheep february pmfuck you drclu that wasnt even that hard. 
188 was you why what did others who are not part your war you were sheep who picked the wrong shepard. 
188 wasnt hard why where you gullible believe someone just because they had the same layout wasnt sheep was utopia well and sheep and tor market. 
188 was just going the markets that are about. 
188 think you did its wrong punish everyone. 
188 thats all saying. 
188 its hard swallow hit someone else war. 
190 they dont know that you dont store money floats because they are fucking idiots. 
190 they cant keep positive balances they cant scale their website and they wont around for very long. 
190 pull your funds before takes them all. 
190 they have idea how program site that uses money and they have next nothing about opsec. 
190 are war now shutting down this fucking amateur operation and the admins will all end jail. 
190 this ddos just the start. 
191 whats all this shit your saying about ddos and bringing the admins justice the fbi cant even that now man you and your backtrack little are going outwit the feds haha. 
192 hacked the forum says someone found bug inside the cashout function. 
193 today according their staff bug was exploited which allowed hacker steal their entire hot storage balance. 
193 the future the market right now uncertain but they are offering non escrow trading and sparing expense tracking down the culprit. 
194 bstring you crack. 
195 cannot lurkive never liked doctorclu. 
195 the days irc chat before his modship had tendency kick people for minor shit insulting him. 
195 look what the mods have been doing theyve been spending all their time telling people calm down that their funds would released that they would get some degree support. 
195 meanwhile they constantly reiterated that the developers were focusing security that the site was designed unbreakable. 
195 problems were ignored and the website was chronically understaffed they said. 
195 now have been completely shat. 
195 best defcon and the dev team were incompetent and the mods had main job assuring everyone that they were competent. 
195 however suspect the worse possibility that the site scam. 
195 the cold storage fiasco was obviously ruse they recovered the coins and everyone collectively circle jerked when they though defcon and are trustworthy. 
195 then heard assurances from the admins that bitcoins would now stored multi signature cold storage where multiple admins would needed steal funds something that effect. 
195 next have had information that the site was hacked specific vendor. 
195 remember ebook the vendor who hacked sheep marketplace such statement obvious diversion away from the fact that the site has stolen the coins. 
195 enjoy chasing phantoms. 
195 now there slighlty possibility that the coins will miraculously recovered adding trust the the silk road. 
195 this time however believe that its unlikely. 
195 big fuck you the mods who are all pigs. 
195 doctorclu particular like squealer addition being dog because took his piggy little ass shaking his tail convincing all the face piles evidence that was secure that they were under much pressure. 
195 like malleability transactions would allow someone hack and steal all the coins. 
195 for whyusheep ignore his posts. 
195 any hacker who really pulled this shit off the hacker scenario quite unlikely would keep low profile rather than bragging reddit. 
195 any self respecting person who able hack entire marketplace one day would not give shit about constantly parading himself reddit. 
195 whyusheep fuck off. 
195 anyone who continues feel assuaged hugs and kisses from chemcat should look the ceiling. 
195 gullible written there. 
195 time for great reckoning and another slaughter the sheep. 
195 youre the same fucking idiots that buy things based brand names notlurking. 
195 napolean the pig and his fellow pigstersthe fucktard assuage fear mods like chemcat etc. 
195 squealer the pigthe ban people who spread fud mods like doctorclu the dogslaw enforcement humanspeople who use the site for buying vending buyers are sheep vendors are ducks chickens etc. 
195 burnt out hippies who post the forum repeatedly about stupid shit like lsd microdosing the raven who talks about sugarcandy mountaingwern myself and other people who continue warning benjamin the donkeythe scamming vendors the ratlibertas ssbd synergy etc. 
195 snowballross ulbricht old major. 
197 anyone else seeing this message homepage. 
197 onion has the logo and below has. 
197 staff investigating unusual server load. 
197 check back thirty minutes. 
197 reloading the page does not help. 
197 any one else getting this. 
198 downtime investigating unusual server load update utc today update after further investigation this issue more serious than expected are taking the site offline immediately ensure find the root the problem quickly. 
198 update the site back online continue investigate have disabled the accounts generating the unusual load. 
198 staff has taken the marketplace offline for unplanned maintenance investigate unusual server load response safeguard alert. 
198 will update this post with more information investigate the issue. 
198 last edit today defcon. 
199 staff backing there stuff and getting ready leave town with all our btc. 
200 well this isnt lookin good their are lot happy customers here. 
200 what the hell you all think going. 
201 apparently site owner took down due lack interest. 
201 com darknetmarkets comments wqhcm breaking bad cfbmzy. 
202 from nevermind february pmlook your course action one that leads more people getting hurt and honestly your presence here gives bad vibe. 
202 but you seem have reason visit drugmarkets have common interest. 
202 gonna work from that. 
202 expert but have the impression that you are rather good with computers are angry and have enough time your hands make rather large impact community that happen like lot. 
202 you are concerned with our safety why dont you start your own market make the most secure market ever. 
202 for one would happy shop there and others might too your time and knowledge pays off and your actions are constructive. 
202 regardless your conflict with the admin turning utopia helping and doing you are helping the current oppression the powers that that deny basic human rights. 
202 youve probably been fucked over the system that keeping down why not help create something new and better serious man need skilled people our side. 
202 you are fact you are being fucked over that same system where politicians have power over the skilled they make you damage our society enforcing druglaws that are wrong. 
202 you are pawn for the moraly and ethically wrong side this conflict and invite you change side. 
202 the sentiment sweet but running dark net market more exposure than really want. 
202 attack surface far greater take that endeavor and would increase adversaries innumerably. 
202 the other hand can continue hack markets piss admins and the police will never come after. 
202 fact can leverage their power advantage for the shittiest admins who seek threaten partake crimes that are truly vile. 
202 can continue steal information and sell steal coins when can and help put selection pressure the markets. 
202 helps maybe not the way you would like but. 
203 from trc february amquote from whyusheep february amquote from nevermind february pmlook your course action one that leads more people getting hurt and honestly your presence here gives bad vibe. 
203 but you seem have reason visit drugmarkets have common interest. 
203 gonna work from that. 
203 expert but have the impression that you are rather good with computers are angry and have enough time your hands make rather large impact community that happen like lot. 
203 you are concerned with our safety why dont you start your own market make the most secure market ever. 
203 for one would happy shop there and others might too your time and knowledge pays off and your actions are constructive. 
203 regardless your conflict with the admin turning utopia helping and doing you are helping the current oppression the powers that that deny basic human rights. 
203 youve probably been fucked over the system that keeping down why not help create something new and better serious man need skilled people our side. 
203 you are fact you are being fucked over that same system where politicians have power over the skilled they make you damage our society enforcing druglaws that are wrong. 
203 you are pawn for the moraly and ethically wrong side this conflict and invite you change side. 
203 the sentiment sweet but running dark net market more exposure than really want. 
203 attack surface far greater take that endeavor and would increase adversaries innumerably. 
203 the other hand can continue hack markets piss admins and the police will never come after. 
203 fact can leverage their power advantage for the shittiest admins who seek threaten partake crimes that are truly vile. 
203 can continue steal information and sell steal coins when can and help put selection pressure the markets. 
203 helps maybe not the way you would like but yup everyone needs cunt they can kick. 
203 now youre sticking your hand being the narc when murder involved would surely indicate you that you have already taken innumerable adversaries would not either troll see you expert coder what you have gain from this foolish the only comfort see this that your short time left this planet will spent hidden dark damp basement not too much unlike prison cell. 
203 not moron know most the hitmen you tools can find are going police scams. 
203 and the rest cant find. 
203 you think you live movie like jlaw and the admin too dont have hide you think you have perspective. 
204 from trc february amso either troll see you expert coder what you have gain from this foolish attention. 
204 its all any troll wants. 
204 starve the beast. 
205 from whyusheep february amquote from nevermind february pmlook your course action one that leads more people getting hurt and honestly your presence here gives bad vibe. 
205 but you seem have reason visit drugmarkets have common interest. 
205 gonna work from that. 
205 expert but have the impression that you are rather good with computers are angry and have enough time your hands make rather large impact community that happen like lot. 
205 you are concerned with our safety why dont you start your own market make the most secure market ever. 
205 for one would happy shop there and others might too your time and knowledge pays off and your actions are constructive. 
205 regardless your conflict with the admin turning utopia helping and doing you are helping the current oppression the powers that that deny basic human rights. 
205 youve probably been fucked over the system that keeping down why not help create something new and better serious man need skilled people our side. 
205 you are fact you are being fucked over that same system where politicians have power over the skilled they make you damage our society enforcing druglaws that are wrong. 
205 you are pawn for the moraly and ethically wrong side this conflict and invite you change side. 
205 the sentiment sweet but running dark net market more exposure than really want. 
205 attack surface far greater take that endeavor and would increase adversaries innumerably. 
205 the other hand can continue hack markets piss admins and the police will never come after. 
205 fact can leverage their power advantage for the shittiest admins who seek threaten partake crimes that are truly vile. 
205 can continue steal information and sell steal coins when can and help put selection pressure the markets. 
205 helps maybe not the way you would like but yup everyone needs cunt they can kick. 
205 now youre sticking your hand being the narc when murder involved would surely indicate you that you have already taken innumerable adversaries would not either troll see you expert coder what you have gain from this foolish the only comfort see this that your short time left this planet will spent hidden dark damp basement not too much unlike prison cell. 
206 yeah think the aspergers strong that one. 
206 off the frikking spectrum strong. 
207 from sorrymario february. 
207 news technology was the end long investigation dating back early. 
207 they were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building case against them for those things. 
207 when they made the arrests they were delighted find the server hardware and everything too. 
207 word the news article about anonymous tip from year old basement dweller usa. 
208 from wit february pmfor the ball updates deepdotweb provides quite rapid coverage events like this check either their website their forum posts for the latest. 
208 may you all stay safe and retain your senses humour matter what happens. 
208 lots lovequote from sorrymario february. 
208 news technology they were caught because they had previously been sending drugs and guns through the mail and the cops had already building case against them for those things. 
208 when they made the arrests they were delighted find the server hardware and everything too. 
209 from doctorclu february pmquote from whyusheep february pmi did advise went jlaw immediately after rooting his server and his greed made impossible for him admit his massive security fuck ups. 
209 not only refused listen lied his community when continued attacks. 
209 the guy was scumbag and the site was terrible. 
209 charged withdraw funds and convinced everyone backopy was involved. 
209 jlaw was scumbag amateur who got what deserved. 
209 dont disagree that marijuana isnt big deal you are preaching the choir but when you run market you are risking not only yourself but everyone you convince join for you make profit. 
209 you gave them the you say fucking doubt you are more than script kiddie that they would have user information and hashed passwords but wouldnt able seize the site. 
209 they have control over the private key for that onion address. 
209 that isnt stored market database dipshit. 
209 first said gave the and the address. 
209 using that they probably found the physical location the server and seized. 
209 that would let them get the onion address. 
209 you must not very bright illiterate you couldnt put that together potential possibly and not just assume your one guess was right. 
209 also fuck you and your piece shit market. 
209 runs like shit instead being vulture why dont you correct your shit before knock down and you end jail like jlaw. 
210 decided not leave reply many people seem commenting this thread anywaythis opinion. 
210 most likely totally wrong but what kind idiots would selling that much drugs and guns irl and start offering wack people for money and offering out all people. 
210 its god dam shame they couldnt just sit back keep there nose clean and earn millions with ease and comfort. 
210 need full nerds start site. 
210 not hardcore fucking druggos. 
211 one hacked into the server. 
211 also sorrymario think you and ils should get job. 
211 think could use couple standup guys like you two. 
212 from amsterdam uplier february amno one hacked into the server. 
212 also sorrymario think you and ils should get job. 
212 think could use couple standup guys like you two. 
212 right doctorclu for one would love see ils here the hub more. 
212 there little bmr utopia presence here. 
212 will say that seeing doctorchu extend ils olive branch when the shitstorm was its heaviest was great moment. 
213 from thewhiteshadow february ami decided not leave reply many people seem commenting this thread anywaythis opinion. 
213 most likely totally wrong but what kind idiots would selling that much drugs and guns irl and start offering wack people for money and offering out all people. 
213 its god dam shame they couldnt just sit back keep there nose clean and earn millions with ease and comfort. 
213 need full nerds start site. 
213 not hardcore fucking orchestrated the situation and another undercover offering take care this problem which got ross accused conspiring commit murder. 
213 they knew who was but instead just filing report and shutting the server down they decide for oscar. 
213 like they were playing with him. 
213 well thats how these bitches roll they are not stupid and have been this game for decades wouldnt supprising the dutch secret service also orchestrated problem that leaded the ordering hit. 
213 the way see them just game they currently are not even playing win otherwise they would least attempt synchronise arrests globally they depend gouvernment budget and ironicly dissapearing would hurt their funding. 
213 think more nerds less violence would also good thing for parts society outside dnm. 
213 and need improve our game ofcourse. 
214 they were already under investigation thats. 
214 unlickily irl drug weapons dealing and murder attempts raise lot attention. 
215 from nevermind february pmwonder how located the server other markets can take precautions and safe. 
215 from mary february pmfeel bad for peoples loss again its the chance all take guess. 
216 etc only troll and you are seeing the extent his masterful abilities registering accounts and posting shit. 
216 has lot time waste weekends and non school hours eastern and well youve seen yourself how easy register new accounts the forum. 
216 good luck with this one. 
217 have the codebase and the database for utopia. 
217 hours going destroy sold not because fuck you this isnt show and dont keep trophies. 
217 willing sell under escrow because not scammer. 
217 you will receive onion address with directory that contains. 
217 both the database copied when shutting down their registration has most the users with the passwords already cracked. 
217 will also give you the entire shitty cakephp codebase. 
217 edit fuck you guys for censoring sale isnt that ironic that you support dark net markets but wont let sale whatever want. 
218 like copy the not much the codebase. 
218 but certainly cant afford btc because not going use hack anyone steal their balances other markets anything like that just want for future analysis and research. 
218 can maybe afford. 
218 assuming not asshole you can find key email. 
218 net links contact. 
219 legitimate question here this guy has many bitcoins dont have job and can afford fuck with you. 
219 why doesnt just give the code base away. 
220 selling not permitted the forum please respect community rules. 
221 evolution pretty website with bad programming. 
221 already have hacked their servers and know their address. 
221 toying their administrators see they want actually fix too greedy admit they dont know shit about opsec. 
221 would sell pen testing services depending the market. 
221 frank most these markets admins are total assholes when you confront them with the fact that they are out their league. 
221 they have this image themselves that when shattered makes them incredibly defensive. 
222 youve considered building marketplace. 
223 from amsterdam uplier february likewise. 
224 from sunwu february pmp escrow essential for the future marketsquote from sunwu february amonly themarketplace seems have this confirmed operationyeah right. 
225 from lonewolf february amwhat was wrong with astors security advice let think. 
225 told people that was safe sign atlantis through phishing proxy and then people got phished. 
225 after that called the phishing proxy very sophisticated when was the simplest type proxy out there. 
225 discouraged automatic universal pgp for black market websites. 
225 that means buyer didnt send pgp the website would convert the message address pgp the vendor and only the encrypted messages address would remain the server. 
225 gave the wrong advice regarding tor leaks. 
225 told people not use proxy conjunction with tor. 
225 the only thing that can protect against leak and many more things that cant even remember. 
225 anyway this guy the one running. 
225 look how that turned out. 
226 from tyrone february amquote from lonewolf february amwhat was wrong with astors security advice let think. 
226 told people that was safe sign atlantis through phishing proxy and then people got phished. 
226 after that called the phishing proxy very sophisticated when was the simplest type proxy out there. 
226 discouraged automatic universal pgp for black market websites. 
226 that means buyer didnt send pgp the website would convert the message address pgp the vendor and only the encrypted messages address would remain the server. 
226 gave the wrong advice regarding tor leaks. 
226 told people not use proxy conjunction with tor. 
226 the only thing that can protect against leak and many more things that cant even remember. 
226 anyway this guy the one running. 
226 look how that turned out. 
226 its stexo running the site opinion just like ross ran. 
226 seriously doubt its anymore than one man operation. 
226 dpr didnt disappear has just morphed into defcon. 
227 what was wrong with astors security advice. 
228 yeah want know about cirrus. 
228 cirrus somehow the only person with some credibility left threw his long track record with and yet heard from. 
228 probably one the other moderators. 
228 hux definately dpr and stexo judged from writing style. 
228 the admins pulled heist simple that. 
229 the church lady would say how pquote from brassballs february pmwhyusheep defconbingo give that man cigar. 
230 from mycarneedstint february amdpr and staff stole our coin. 
230 not btc bug known since. 
231 can you please get the fuck out nobody wants sign with your fucking invite code. 
231 doesnt benefit anybody you obviously are only posting for your own personal profit which why they banned you. 
231 you seem mad that you were trying push invites but staff stopped you. 
232 sorry guys but hahahahahaha. 
232 you were buyer and lost money silk road its your own fault and youre fucking idiot. 
232 sorry but its true. 
232 has been fishy fuck from the start. 
232 the people feel sorry for are the vendors some them had escrow. 
232 and thats exactly how the staff wanted. 
232 more steal when they hit the switch. 
232 does anyone actually believe that system easy implement such auto finalize was taking this long they did help keep money the site and prevent vendors from withdrawing everyday. 
232 now theyre spitting your faces talking about being hacked theyre probably only lying they can keep taking the commission once theyre back and running. 
232 sites like these are big business they might even planning sell once they get the multi sig escrow system implemented. 
232 and people have proven time and again theyll keep using site like this after being ripped off all takes some bullshit forum post from the admin. 
232 one things for sure they just ripped you off and now theyre laughing your face. 
233 vpn pretty worthless for. 
233 the idea that your not secret. 
233 its just that nobody knows what belongs what router. 
233 you try analyse whats goin and you just see this big ball traffic where everybody talking everybody else. 
233 vps however super useful for because you can leave running. 
233 nodes with very high uptimes dont suffer nearly much from eepsite timeout errors. 
233 plus your node routing and the vast majority the traffic routes not generated you becomes much harder know when you are online. 
234 think its prommesing market looks good feels good buyers perspective just look and when the right vendors there load btc think has good change. 
235 hello allowed vendor evolutioni think you should unban from tcf regards. 
236 have removed the requirement for version info pgp keys and replaced the captcha with something bit more user friendly. 
237 eiley when went that link couldnt see anything because said was password protected. 
238 please climb down from atop your horse and watch closely like good journalist. 
238 the fatuous whining beneath you. 
238 while agree that the. 
238 team was likely involved the caper the incendiary insults directed the community are uncalled for. 
238 you make your living leeching off the story and drama being written here. 
238 dont take for granted. 
239 gentlemen distinct possibilty that the. 
239 forums have been compromised law enforcement some other group since least the time the arrests december. 
239 screenshots copies text documents correspondence and statements from other knowledgeable users tend lend credibility this notion. 
239 this true then almost certainly the. 
239 operation its entirety being monitored and controlled some capacity and probably has been for some time. 
239 according sources one more the admins mods either cooperating with authorities cirrus was named. 
239 these same allegations were made others december during act when incriminating photos were printed the forums only deleted. 
239 staff denied this then and sure that they will continue now. 
239 whether not the above mentioned theory true remains seen. 
239 involved not sure yet how this all fits together however something tells that this going good one. 
239 but fuck all that for now. 
239 well worry about act after fill those you who drifted off sleep went the can during act. 
239 was not hacked was looted its captain loathesome annoying moniker ive ever heard one along with couple his buddies. 
239 together they more closely resemble amateur theater troupe than gang pirates. 
239 december myself and others watched they staged shameful scripted performance the forums all for the benefit the droves newcomers who watched from their seats. 
239 they clapped furiously the end. 
239 and then they rose from their chairs and gave standing ovation dpr defcon hux etc. 
239 strolled out for his curtain call. 
239 that was when picked the stage prop. 
239 mean your sack bitcoins which incidentally had been stowed the trunk his car the entire time and looked out all your smiling faces before bowing deeply and blowing few kisses. 
239 while you were out the town taking all that culture the rest were shaking our heads and going about our business were keeping our fingers crossed that what seemed almost certain happen wouldnt. 
239 but were also exchanging messages and pining for simpler times and silently betting whether would swat team angry mob dope sick torch wielding townspeople who showed first. 
239 and how soon would they arrive the. 
239 forums are useless now even more than december. 
239 back then they deleted hundreds posts threads citing security the reason. 
239 theyre doing again. 
239 the only entries that youll see are the actors themselves. 
239 and the noobs whose simple natures and naivete makes shenanigans such these possible the first place. 
239 and finally handful members masquerading dozens more with hoards disguises and countless aliases their disposal. 
239 times they even carry conversations with themselves inside thread. 
239 when see happening reminds child putting puppet show and compelling one hand talk the other. 
239 the forums are like fucking daycare for noobs while simultaneously functioning kind giant playground for the adults who take the opportunity trade inside jokes and troll one another. 
239 and the real communication what very little there can read between the lines. 
239 one ever says much and when they subtle codes are employed. 
239 consider these quotes just few examples from meerkovo february pmoracle quick question accroding defcon all wallets were affected business has cash assets just wondering should kiss coins goodbye and wish the person who might spend them choke their daily bread. 
239 better yet hope they buy motorbike meerkovoquote from lashesxo february pmtheres only few people power remove account. 
239 wonder who that might. 
239 the mods are good people that leaves who oracle you kill kid. 
239 from oracle february amquote from randomuser february amquote from oracle february amgood question deleted the old key when thought would never returning this place again. 
239 email account forgot the for. 
239 tried few times and then gave. 
239 months does make ones mind rusty but luckily this account was still active. 
239 happens the best with burners and char passwords. 
239 looking forward reading what you have say wish you had responded what said before the email and pgp question though sometimes silence speaks volumes. 
239 has defcon been contact with with dpr lately hey oracle whereve you been seriously oracle just fucking nym that redacted and redacted. 
239 and redacted trot out for these special occasions. 
239 nothing what seems folks. 
239 the communitys core the dark market communitys core lot smaller than you think. 
239 just remember that while youre totally anonymous stranger who lives ohio and thought that this silk road thing sounded like fun the people who conceived all this who built and have been here from the start. 
239 theyre all well acquainted. 
239 some are allies while others share bitter rivalries. 
239 wink wink yeah. 
239 and the grand finale. 
239 ill publishing obituary for this goddamned zoo the near future and then going back writing about politics. 
239 not directly tied any this author for crying out loud therefore ive lost nothing the various dark markets nor have profited from them instead ive sat here and ive watched. 
239 and lve come wish that others would take the time well. 
239 technically speaking really journalist albeit shitty inefficient one and fed with the bullshit which theyve taken just too goddamned far this time. 
239 you ever hear quitting while youre ahead cant sit here and watch while you guys bamboozle these poor bastards out their money especially when they dont doubt you for second even you point down the street and cry was the one armed man went that way posts like these have been written before. 
239 hell watched couple get deleted just this morning. 
239 and then another unsuspecting victim strolls through the door and whips out his social security card and his drivers license all eager get the action. 
239 where sign says. 
239 and this gets deleted the hub. 
239 well know where their loyalties are. 
239 its time weed out the thieves and liars and trolls might well start here. 
239 cant say with any certainty whether not the silk road sub reddit trustworthy either. 
239 but once have more information will pass along. 
239 and the meantime deepdotweb probably your best source for accurate timely news regarding the markets believe his integrity. 
239 incidentally has nothing with this posting nor was aware prior its publication. 
239 despite everything remain opposed prohibition while supporting online trading. 
239 believe that the majority folks who frequent these markets are decent good natured citizens. 
239 but you fuckers want keep the criminals bay youre going have start neighborhood watch something. 
239 ill see about having shirts made. 
240 was all con. 
241 and hence youre most certainly not inefficient shitty journalist you present yourself. 
241 the stage now set just right for dpr come sailing along the high winds. 
243 this the likely explanation imo. 
243 looks like when was taken down some the guys the background that never really got take part decided use their advantage. 
243 was mostly filled with lots big speeches and large things happening the background but beyond the words few people what did really get see most their development announcements were about security features and hardening etc etc but never really got see any. 
243 the things that got see were fixes and feature development that any site development would have. 
243 and course the big features that were really needed kept getting delayed. 
243 and longer buy the cold storage thing for second. 
243 there way prove any actually happened beyond them freezing some coin for while. 
243 such easy thing stage and gained them lot trust for doing basically nothing. 
243 perfect way gain lot traction for their con. 
243 was lucky this time. 
243 ive never kept coin stored markets beyond pocket change but because bad timing did lose fair amount. 
243 could have happened here too. 
243 last deposit was only weeks ago. 
243 hope this the final nail the coffin for centralized marketplaces know wont ever use one again. 
243 weve let these people burn time after time its time learn from our mistakes and stop this shit. 
243 dont know really anything about who who and who did what and all that hope what youre working will good and informative read. 
243 you seem like good man from. 
244 this was very well played and orchestrated and much pains say you have say they got everyone pretty well. 
244 its makes realize should have gone into coding long long time ago lol. 
245 from gwern february pmapparently site owner took down due lack interest. 
245 com darknetmarkets comments wqhcm breaking bad cfbmzy nah took down because didnt earn day. 
247 first things first good see everyone live and healthy here ontopic think wasent smart idear planning killing somebody think that was the beginning the end. 
247 when exposed himself another man. 
247 engels not native langue sorry for bad engels. 
248 what fucking going with all black markets has been hacked dont believe that bullshit cant register agora because problem utopia fallen down. 
248 maybe can this the begin the end dont wanna believe that but all this subject very strange. 
248 only can still waiting preferent for. 
248 but later they has been hacked. 
248 cant believe this yet. 
249 dont waste your. 
249 this guy fuckstain and doesnt have shit. 
250 from february amthe worthless now. 
250 what are you going extortion people with exactly for you gwern mayve someone should grab your own private details for future analysis and research and see your response any different. 
250 selling someones details for profit makes them scumbag anyones language and anyone that wants pay for that closely guarded privy information. 
250 one likes here. 
251 from february amdont waste your. 
251 this guy fuckstain and doesnt have shit. 
251 doesnt hurt check. 
251 from february amas for you gwern mayve someone should grab your own private details for future analysis and research and see your response any different. 
251 selling someones details for profit makes them scumbag anyones language and anyone that wants pay for that closely guarded privy information. 
251 perhaps you should judge what have done and not what you think might with. 
252 the worthless now. 
252 what are you going extortion people with exactly for you gwern mayve someone should grab your own private details for future analysis and research and see your response any different. 
252 selling someones details for profit makes them scumbag anyones language and anyone that wants pay for that closely guarded privy information. 
252 one likes here. 
253 the the public prosecution document. 
253 com the utopia bust details prosecution announcement. 
254 sorry missed that part. 
255 you should read better the article. 
255 care about own security. 
256 shortly after posted btc moved. 
256 was actually shortly after couple btc exchanges opened. 
256 your ganja looks mouth watering the way. 
257 from brassballs february amquote from jules winnfield february ami remember reading somewhere that astor was actually the infamous sabu. 
257 and dont forget pineyes pine. 
257 was was also against universal automated pgp. 
257 everything was pgp through automation then the authorities would have nothing they grabbed the server. 
257 pine was against this. 
257 pine did advise people manual pgp. 
257 the problem that the majority did not use pgp and pine knew. 
258 from jules winnfield february ami remember reading somewhere that astor was actually the infamous sabu. 
258 and dont forget pine. 
259 from tyrone february amquote from february amscout pine astor nope. 
259 pine and astor are definitely different people. 
259 scout was fired dpr. 
259 always thought scout and pine were the same person. 
260 scout pine astor. 
261 stexo was definitely dpr. 
261 way back the begining dpr made pgp signed message except mistakenly signed with stexos key just minor slip also not too long ago hux made post and signed with dprs key another minor slip course then came and made excuse saying that some the mods had access dprs forum profile for posting updates. 
261 true who knows you decide. 
262 there are plenty people with plenty opinions but opinions are kind personal and every person has one. 
262 like think that there reason have two eyes and ears but only one mouth. 
263 from doctorclu february amwe know what happened. 
263 are not clueless. 
263 whats next just suck and move the next market. 
263 thats what all really wanna hear isnt. 
264 from doctorclu february amwe know what happened. 
264 are not clueless. 
264 sorry doc you lost all credibility that humbled and disgusted thread where you try blame the hack. 
264 gox transaction malleability claiming allowed every single bitcoin held all customers vendors out escrow. 
264 see the now deleted thread. 
264 com file ede cae dcc explain that ridiculous theory that the many who actually understand bitcoin and the transaction malleability issue can see even passes the smell test. 
264 wasnt bitcoin hack was the admin pulling disappearing act when the market was its most profitable. 
264 you were not the theft and yet still defend them you are gullible fool. 
265 from doctorclu february amwe know what happened. 
265 are not clueless. 
265 would you kind tell little bit more the matter. 
266 know what happened. 
266 are not clueless. 
267 youre fucking piece shit doctorclu. 
268 does turn out that the admin are responsible then someone needs get word ross his lawyer. 
268 tell him roll those piece shits and get better deal for himself. 
268 and the process will all find out their true identities. 
268 then will able get them. 
269 gtfo here promote safe use practices evident safe thread here. 
269 review vendors product and generally hang out need get nasty. 
269 and you cant sign agora without invite its mutual benefit thing see few dollars here and there from referrals nothing big. 
269 just thought help out anyone over while they were down they obviously arent half competition friendly they profess over there. 
269 and look around this aint board friendo. 
270 from vince february pmcan you please get the fuck out nobody wants sign with your fucking invite code. 
270 doesnt benefit anybody you obviously are only posting for your own personal profit which why they banned you. 
270 you seem mad that you were trying push invites but staff stopped you. 
270 gtfolol nice first post. 
271 apologies was just uneasy not knowing lost out like others did whether you managed get out time. 
271 and worries wont double post again excuse for that. 
273 from ozfreelancer february pmssbd has been sitting jail since december. 
273 hes back court next wednesday. 
273 see thoughts here. 
273 comthanks you coverage worth reading always. 
274 just word add. 
274 should any tba user need report bug account related issue need any sort support pls report them the official forum for faster resolution. 
274 you may double post them here but having posted the forum helps stay documented and helps other users the process. 
274 links the support forum the official sticky post and the home page the. 
275 ill just steal his account then. 
276 from cooked february amthe user cooked signed and somehow used pgp key. 
276 its not problem side think bypassed your security measures free create account with there such security measure for creating user account. 
276 pgp encryption mentioned above. 
276 the central part your account. 
276 now the user cooked tba not the owner the private key from the corresponding pub key uploaded the account then simply cannot login. 
276 since will not able decrypt the two factor login challenge. 
276 that most likely has been the case since the account owner has not been logged back since the time was first created. 
276 was con scammer probably did not reslise how the login worked. 
276 now you are the owner the private key for that pub key you have nothing worry about. 
276 all inactive accounts are auto deleted days from the system. 
277 from cooked february amok ill just steal his account thenyou could try thats you know the password get the tfa bit later. 
278 albert quick help out sunwu. 
278 its good see vendor such high caliber like you show. 
278 have chit chat albert you will able see that and his team are legit. 
279 dont doubt they are honest good guys this why had looked them but with bugs like this worries there are others and only look the most secure market dont have through this again everytime market fail lose and sometimes thousands. 
279 this not something wish repeat time and time again. 
280 know what you mean. 
280 have said this before and ill say again for all here the hub read sunwu you have been inspiration vendor since saw youre contest threads forum. 
280 the gratitude that buyers abroad expressed for your services actually brought tear eyes. 
280 specially when was genuine people talking about genuine problems they face irl. 
280 you being there for them and being the awesome vendor that you are really made consider what were all doing earth and the dark net. 
280 the universe will not let ever catch you for you service the universe far greater ways than and their evil manipulative war tactics. 
281 from sunwu february amso have been having pgp bug with tba since signed some weeks ago put the right key but the admins encryption not correct now the admin account deleted and way contact them. 
281 shame looked good but the team seems too small and market premature dont think will join. 
281 market owners need take note releasing premature market only damages the long run. 
281 stop trying race out there. 
281 new seller the dnm. 
281 dont have the experience most have. 
281 have listings tied list almost dozen sites. 
281 most have been problematic most have one contact with issues. 
281 far tba albert and blackbank mdparity are the main ones where can get issues resolved almost instantly. 
281 torescrow was also good one this counts for lot. 
281 support slow non existent other sites least for. 
281 would certainly give these future there will always something that comes resolved. 
282 from sunwu february ami dont doubt they are honest good guys this why had looked them but with bugs like this worries there are others and only look the most secure market dont have through this again everytime market fail lose and sometimes thousands. 
282 this not something wish repeat time and time again. 
282 well ill honest with you. 
282 not the coder the market just simple forum mod. 
282 albert the one who coded the market. 
282 you have any questions about bugs you can ask him our forums. 
282 the bugs have had far have been corrected within hour albert being aware them. 
282 albert currently working multi sig transactions. 
282 dont know whole lot about but believe protects the users coins against hacking sezures. 
282 this not implimented yet but the priority the moment and will implimented soon. 
282 already have cold storage coins. 
282 and all withdraws are processed manually which prevents theft via hacking. 
282 the market has whole lot security features. 
282 would also like note that albert has been hosting onion sites for vendors for few years and has expirience keeping servers secure. 
282 hes not newbie the scene. 
282 you would like learn more about tba please come the forums. 
282 when albert has minute free time sure would more than happy address any your concerns. 
283 thank you much jules knew the customer gives lot love but did not know vendors too are always here for people because makes happy what and know the best way for success have said before things will get worse before getting better and feeling positive about the future. 
284 there are few bugs but nothing albert cant help you with. 
284 you could him our forums and could definetly sort you out. 
285 ive been over there for while and have had nothing but positive experiences. 
285 alice the administrator does not make many appearances the forums usually handling tickets proving support the actual marketplace. 
285 not that hes working site upgrades updates. 
285 for example wont show the forum for while but then posts big update. 
285 pandora support handled mostly the actual market opposed the forum. 
285 there are support staff who appear the forum much more often. 
285 they have direct contact with the admin alice they can pass anything that requires admin intervention since rarely has the time visit the forums. 
285 this least the way seems have been since joined. 
285 alices forum account isnt active for few days and everyone screams scam arrest but then turns out was just working the market relying the support staff monitor and forward any necessary information from the forums. 
285 this literally happens every weeks please stop creating these where alice topics just because doesnt visit the forums for few days. 
285 actually specifically says his forum profile not him because does not check his forum pms. 
285 you must contact him via vendorsupport youre vendor the appropriate support ect both the actual marketplace not the forum. 
285 not affiliated with the website being paid say any this. 
285 its just that started using pandora near its beginning both because main vendor was here and because all the drama unfolding tormarket and. 
285 while continue hear all sorts sketchy shit coming from those markets ive been placing orders for months pandora now and have not run into single problem. 
286 from darts february amive been placing orders for months pandora now and have not run into single problem super. 
287 from february pmwhat fucking going with all black markets has been hacked dont believe that bullshit cant register agora because problem utopia fallen down. 
287 maybe can this the begin the end dont wanna believe that but all this subject very strange. 
287 only can still waiting preferent for. 
287 but later they has been hacked. 
287 cant believe this yet. 
287 not the end friend its just new beginning. 
288 from nevermind february amnot the end friend its just new beginningpeace love. 
289 what went wrong history repeats. 
289 anyone recall what went wrong with carders market. 
290 someone agrees this you would have incredibly naive and ignorant. 
290 this database has zero relevance. 
290 has lot information from the bmrv userbase but guess what its gone too this just ploy order try get money for something bit too late. 
290 should have sold this before utopia was taken down the dutch feds. 
291 one more great option and read this and only can say awesome its perfect that you recieved the btc the generate adress less hour even minutes what see like really and readed the new release defcon and seems fine the moment with that plan but dont wrong because the first release since closes said that escrows not trusted and they need another method with multi sig dont know how works that. 
291 hope that their moment they put tutorial something the home page. 
291 said too that the new system multi sig ill ready months that mean stay the certain believe yes cant place orders until then and dont want wait much time until then. 
291 while can register more markets trusted and still recieve the orders that placed and too look for new markets new alternatives read about that and test the markets for myself. 
291 but certainly need more options not only. 
291 they says anyone market that have escrow isnt trusted. 
291 dont believe that think that only common method dont lose customers believe that have the reason this thought. 
291 much people continues make and recieve the placed orders another markets since fell down and think with almost total security that before that too was viewing this site minutes ago one person gave the info the existence this market and the url and with good feedbacks see and out the site with agora are favourites elections for the moment without course that was main choice. 
291 this market has got good prices too many things comparation with others not too course but this give good feelings like agora too. 
291 these markets must grow increasingly and can that possible and whatever still using when possible place orders same time remember monopolies have never been good. 
291 need make grow these and more markets trusted can and much more things. 
291 our hands got the water the seeds are the earth and can makes possible that these markets grow more markets confidence these are good news guys really good news. 
291 and personally like said dont trust nothing the part when defcon said anyone market that have escrow isnt trusted. 
291 good vibes people. 
292 its possible that hack some other type robbery did happen but happened while ago. 
292 have suspected for some time that didnt have all the bitcoins that were supposedly peoples wallets and were using these bugs borrow money from vendors when deposits were not enough fund the withdrawls. 
292 now that people are losing faith and leaving the site deposits are much less than withdrawls and vendors are requiring customers finalize early they cant borrow the money anymore. 
293 from february pmyoure fucking piece shit doctorclu. 
293 this the neck. 
293 was hack who hacked not any outside vendor thats for sure how can you have the balls come with that account. 
294 from what have read and know the problem with btc couldt have been the reason that all the btc was taken didnt expect see defcon any mods post anything again but after reading threw the forums its wonder theyre back users were still depositing coin after the hack and are over their now ready throw more coin away. 
294 wonder they came back its unbelievable the amount idiots there. 
294 the only other thing can think they have heap accounts spread propaganda. 
295 from mycarneedstint february amdpr and staff stole our coin. 
295 not btc bug known since. 
296 from february amsince earlier post the grand wizard has seen evidence the forums that doctorclu working fix the vendor bond issue appears have helped several new vendors least. 
296 congratulate him his efforts and acknowledge his sincerity and his ethics. 
296 lot remains done but heres credit where credit due. 
296 hope the doctor can keep the good work and cautiously optimistic that the road will weather these storms. 
296 disagreement may blunt but praise sincere. 
296 the grand wizard wont piss your leg but wont blow sunshine your ass either. 
296 not into that sort thing. 
296 nothing against those who are course. 
296 thank you for your hard work. 
297 from nick cotton february pmif does turn out that the admin are responsible then someone needs get word ross his lawyer. 
297 tell him roll those piece shits and get better deal for himself. 
297 and the process will all find out their true identities. 
297 then will able get them. 
297 time will tell nick. 
297 hopefully the culprit culprits will found. 
298 shouldnt problem getting the govt allow him achieve justice for the reincarnation the very thing hes behind iron for. 
299 from owockeznan february ama vps however super useful for because you can leave running. 
299 nodes with very high uptimes dont suffer nearly much from eepsite timeout errors. 
299 plus your node routing and the vast majority the traffic routes not generated you becomes much harder know when you are online. 
299 vps definitely good way for performance but really hate the level visibility the vps provider ends with and dedicated server overkill. 
299 you know way pin local router instance hidden mode specific router your local router always uses your vps always first hop your local isnt advertised and the vps blind the content your traffic since its just relaying traffic that seems like pretty much perfect world from perspective. 
299 you get the bandwidth high bandwidth router but dont have let the vps see the traffic before its encrypted for transport. 
299 obviously there are million ways get traffic vps router ssh tunnel vpn etc but what would much better way keep the vps instance blind the content even the vps admin decides start stracing processes. 
299 that would mean that dirt cheap openvz vps would perfectly great way connect. 
300 last service that does not advertize stolen credit cards and other nasty stuff. 
300 can someone sort invite cheers. 
301 making account for this board and asking for invites the very first post could potentially dissuade people from offering one. 
301 may want mingle bit and make some friends. 
302 evolution very smooth marketplace. 
302 the sales are still very slow but drugs are kind side market for this particular. 
302 the vendor backend very feature rich and functional though. 
302 just wish they had vacation mode like many other markets. 
303 think means vacation mode. 
303 when vendor wants take break from sales they can set time frame when their sales listings will cut off that buyers dont load escrow with coin and wonder why the vendor never shipped contacted them. 
304 sure does look good. 
304 thanks for pointing out. 
304 awaiting vender approval now. 
305 from lexdysic february ami think means vacation mode. 
305 when vendor wants take break from sales they can set time frame when their sales listings will cut off that buyers dont load escrow with coin and wonder why the vendor never shipped contacted them. 
305 from every february pmyes this bascially that. 
305 for example agora bsm and you can enable vacation mode with single click and will automatically hide all your listings. 
305 for vendors with lots listings this significant time saver rather than going and disabling listings one time. 
305 then when your ready get back work you simply click disable vacation mode and all your listings become visible again. 
305 thanks for the suggestion. 
305 well look into getting something like this set the near future. 
306 from verto february amcan you explain what you mean vacation mode from february amit sure does look good. 
306 thanks for pointing out. 
306 awaiting vender approval now. 
306 yes this bascially that. 
306 for example agora bsm and you can enable vacation mode with single click and will automatically hide all your listings. 
306 for vendors with lots listings this significant time saver rather than going and disabling listings one time. 
306 then when your ready get back work you simply click disable vacation mode and all your listings become visible again. 
307 very nice and fast hopefully will turn out well. 
308 from cooked february amhello allowed vendor evolutioni think you should unban from tcf regardsyou wont getting unbanned from tcf you had plenty enough warnings. 
308 you can join evolution seeing you werent actually banned tcf for scamming but given your previous record all other boards wont surprised you end getting banned there also. 
309 from verto february amwe have made few changes registration based feedback hopefully its now bit more user friendly. 
309 just signed and went fairly easy. 
309 would more helpful said that the pin has ain all numbers. 
309 even you use letters the error message doesnt say use numbers just guessed and finally got. 
309 setting another store there now. 
310 the plot thickens. 
311 brings back many great memories bmr was wonderful only joined there after was siezed but was great market and loved how was run. 
311 layout was messy but always worked perfectly. 
311 backopy was great and dont think you could have asked for anyone better run black market. 
311 the original dpr was also great opinion seemed genuinly believed the movement and think was honourable man unlike many the learders now who are very much for the money which sad but guess quite predictable. 
312 lol the signiture says life goes matter what happens duno why but gave good chuckle gusse when die some thing happens right lol. 
313 made history there first official purchase black flag bought guide getting nitrous tanks. 
314 now everyone should aware tba referral only here referral link. 
315 the following accounts have received coins their accounts for referrals the past couple days. 
315 btcuser mrsmith missjones. 
315 btc not credited pending. 
315 pls check your accounts confirm. 
315 also there are vendor registration fees pending. 
315 sure when these vendors complete their signup process many more bonus coins will passed out. 
315 wouldnt updating this list this only meant share the good news. 
315 bonuses show your bitcoin panel the account referral bonus. 
315 now people make the make off. 
316 been trying sign for days but keep getting reg failed help. 
317 from february pmbeen trying sign for days but keep getting reg failed help same thing here. 
317 tried register about month ago and registration still shows failed. 
317 havent been able log once. 
317 has bugs that keep registered people from logging dont think the rest the site could very promising. 
317 not trying hate pirate just sharing that ive had common experience. 
317 hope for their sake they get sorted out. 
318 this article answers some your questions. 
318 com crime arrests utopia black market reloaded. 
320 asked could sell someones information because just happened the only one with high value tarkets info. 
320 who isnt exactly high value target but you probably get what mean. 
320 there has also been some speculation about that being the person the admins were hiring assassin for which case was fool not pming admin and selling them directly. 
320 find the admins choice condone this action very unprofessional and dangerous. 
320 despite the fact was rooting for yes the time. 
321 from flaxceed february pmquote from northwest nuggets february amits possible that hack some other type robbery did happen but happened while ago. 
321 have suspected for some time that didnt have all the bitcoins that were supposedly peoples wallets and were using these bugs borrow money from vendors when deposits were not enough fund the withdrawls. 
321 now that people are losing faith and leaving the site deposits are much less than withdrawls and vendors are requiring customers finalize early they cant borrow the money anymore. 
321 just idea thisthis would explain lot but theres coming back now. 
322 from northwest nuggets february amits possible that hack some other type robbery did happen but happened while ago. 
322 have suspected for some time that didnt have all the bitcoins that were supposedly peoples wallets and were using these bugs borrow money from vendors when deposits were not enough fund the withdrawls. 
322 now that people are losing faith and leaving the site deposits are much less than withdrawls and vendors are requiring customers finalize early they cant borrow the money anymore. 
322 just idea this. 
323 from sorrymario february pmif you were not the theft and yet still defend them you are gullible fool. 
323 interesting from lkyw february the fact that they can pop anywhere anytime under different name and identity and probably wouldnt know thing about. 
324 its incredibly frustrating read here and the clearnet that was hacked. 
324 the theft was inside job. 
324 bugs far cashout feature concerned. 
324 btc mal problem first told. 
324 some mysterious frenchy didnt break. 
324 was greedy admin stealing. 
324 maybe the admin defcon french and was projecting idk the myth will. 
324 lies will believed and yet again more btc will stolen. 
324 its damn shame will never use that site again and will steer others away well. 
324 for the ones who still believe. 
324 clu defcon and the rest the con artists feel sorry for you. 
325 from bstring february pmclu stop saying this shit yours. 
325 none this yours. 
325 you did not make any. 
325 from mycarneedstint february amdefcon definetly con job. 
326 ratting the cops never acceptible they are the lowest form scum. 
327 anything you needany options for mac cant run tails inside vmware fusion and ubuntu gives lot errors virtual box. 
328 haha that quality stuff. 
329 all these extraditian treaties are bullshit. 
329 country should protect its own citizens. 
329 usual these piss weak career politicians roll over any demands from the howard gillard rudd abbot are all the same. 
329 traitors the australian people. 
330 remember when people kept trying decide ssbd was girl not. 
330 one more casualty either way. 
330 thank you ozfreelancer for being our battlefield journalist. 
331 reading again now its sad whats happening our courts and the nonsense well hand over citizen for. 
331 org wiki hew raymond griffithsim tempted barge into the court with bunch tractor paper and computer file some old laptop and say travesty justice about occur here ssbd and can prove then wave the tractor paper around spout bunch technobabble about deep packet inspection hand over the computer and see what they all. 
332 unsure why the article password protected but have from rss and going right ahead and repost here without the authors permission given this onion router hidden site and all. 
332 cant wait for that book. 
332 honestly dont think youre going hear from enterthematrix scales injustice silk road ssbdby all things vicessbd had role play the silk road marketplace where drugs were bought and sold. 
332 was moderator the silk road discussion forum which had its own url and was hosted different server the marketplace. 
332 why the determined extradite someone who may may not him peter philip nash has been sitting brisbane jail cell since december. 
332 facing extradition the united states face allegations narcotics conspiracy maximum sentence life prison and mandatory minimum sentence years conspiracy commit computer hacking maximum years and money laundering conspiracy which carries maximum sentence years prison. 
332 scales the indictment nash was known online better known silk road members ssbd. 
332 ssbd was well loved moderator the now defunct silk road discussion forums new forums colloquially known have replaced the old. 
332 his job was answer questions explain the rules move posts their proper forum with over million posts many were bound wind the wrong place and generally attend banal administrative tasks. 
332 any event nash may may not ssbd. 
332 what exactly was ssbd crime all have the indictment. 
332 don know what other information the authorities have but all they have what the indictment would travesty australia was agree deport him. 
332 ssbd had role play the silk road marketplace where drugs were bought and sold. 
332 was moderator the silk road discussion forum which had its own url and was hosted different server the marketplace. 
332 his job was confined that site. 
332 two others who were arrested concurrently andrew jones aka inigo and gary davis libertas were immediately released bail under the laws the usa and ireland respectively. 
332 according the indictment inigo and libertas did have roles the marketplace well the forums. 
332 the indictment differentiates the two where says inigo worked site administrator silk road libertas worked site administrator silk road worked the primary moderator the silk road discussion forums emphasis nash was not granted bail because under the australian extradition act magistrate eligible federal circuit court judge shall not remand person bail under this section unless there are special circumstances justifying such remand. 
332 seems nash could not fulfil the special circumstances requirement. 
332 next wednesday nash due back court for magistrate determine whether eligible for surrender the. 
332 nash will remanded custody until the next phase the proceedings surrender review can consent extradition. 
332 the act will eligible for surrender authorities the magistrate satisfied the supporting documents relation the offence have been produced the magistrate judge any additional requirements imposed the australia extradition treaty are satisfied the conduct would have constituted extradition offence had occurred australia and there are substantial grounds for believing that there extradition objection relation the offencenow disclaimer. 
332 although was lawyer deep dark past have zero experience with either crime extradition law. 
332 don know any more than anyone else. 
332 these are simply uninformed opinions after looking the act and extradition treaty and knowing from two years investigating silk road what ssbd role consisted. 
332 any additional requirements imposed the australia extradition treaty are the treaty says extradition shall granted only the evidence found sufficient according the laws the territory where the person whose extradition requested found either justify his trial committal for trial the offence with which charged its equivalent had been committed that territory like said don know what evidence they have can only the indictment. 
332 seems evidence pretty lacking that document. 
332 first have idea what evidence the authorities have that nash ssbd. 
332 they may have found some correspondence the silk road servers between and the site owner dread pirate roberts. 
332 perhaps ross ulbricht the man accused being dread pirate roberts provided his details attempt plea bargain. 
332 ulbricht should noted has denied being dpr and has denied all charges this seems unlikely. 
332 the indictment claims ssbd was paid around per year. 
332 this presumably was paid bitcoin. 
332 possible though again unlikely that the bitcoin trail was followed nash bank account. 
332 most likely the evidence email from anonymous email account message through anonymous private claiming that ssbd real name peter nash. 
332 not too compelling. 
332 this requirement for evidence also relevant the next two stipulations. 
332 the conduct would have constituted extradition offence had occurred australiathe wording says conduct not crimes which the person accused. 
332 the only conduct could find attributed ssbd the indictment was relation the narcotics charge sent message dread pirate roberts owner silk road summarising the actions had taken during the previous week his capacity the primary forum moderator the silk road discussion forums. 
332 doubt that sending message from one anonymous online account another anonymous online account constitutes extradition offence the narcotics charge the only charge have any overt acts which sounds similar conduct listed underneath the charges attributable ssbd relation the hacking charge intentionally accessed computers without authorisation for commercial advantage and private financial gain and furtherance criminal and tortious acts overt acts were listed under this charge the above was general accusation aimed all three defendants this does not sound like could considered conduct the person constituting the offence which what the act requires would interested see what evidence they have that ssbd accessed computers without authorisation. 
332 there would certainly need order carry out his functions moderating discussion forum. 
332 would have carried out his duties his own computer logging the silk road administration panel least the small part had access completely authorised. 
332 relation the money laundering charge conduct and attempt conduct such financial transactions which fact involved the proceeds specified unlawful activity wit narcotics trafficking and computer hacking overt acts were listed under this charge the above was general accusation aimed all three defendants this does not sound like could considered conduct the person constituting the offence which what the act requires again would interested see what evidence they have that ssbd conducted attempted conduct illegal financial transactions especially conducting any transactions whatsoever was explicitly banned the silk road forums the only site ssbd had access any sort administrative capacity. 
332 not surprisingly dread pirate roberts wanted keep all financial transactions the marketplace where received commission for each one there are substantial grounds for believing that there extradition objection relation the offence extradition objections. 
332 include the surrender the person far purports sought for the extradition offence actually sought for the purpose prosecuting punishing the person account his her race sex sexual orientation religion nationality political opinions surrender the extradition country respect the extradition offence the person may prejudiced his her trial punished detained restricted his her personal liberty reason his her race sex sexual orientation religion nationality political opinions emphasis this probably isn much legal argument but the real world this whole extradition attempt smacks politics. 
332 all show that politicians can trumpet win their long doomed war drugs. 
332 spending this sort taxpayers money extradite man who may may not have been paid paltry year perform mundane administration tasks what was purely website for discussions there suggestion that nash sold drugs himself. 
332 hell there not even suggestion that bought drugs. 
332 just these trumped charges conservatives can parade him front the media claiming they brought down some sort evil drug cartel. 
332 according the attorney general department annual reports most extradition requests are return pats not australian citizens. 
332 they tend for fugitives that have escaped with hundreds millions fraudulently obtained funds child sex predators the most heinous kind. 
332 the united states requests extradition two four people from australia year. 
332 should peter nash really one them. 
333 amazing how your attitude toward changes once market takes hit. 
333 you couldnt stay online for week without getting taken down yet you espouse your security expertise like invalid limp dicked version astor. 
333 read post with your big boy glasses and show where said understood transaction malleability. 
333 show where claimed technical expertise. 
333 rebuked journalist for painting whole community and team with single brush. 
333 was insulted and said. 
333 you sir are prick. 
333 offered you home our forums and immediately put stop all the shit our users were talking about utopia the day you were seized. 
333 exchanged pms and you were thankful. 
333 amazing how you react when take hit. 
333 karma not the forum kind either going get you one these days. 
334 hey there are some honest people that silk road team. 
334 fact wajor would that the majority them are. 
334 just now dawning you that law enforcement monitors the messageboards then you are clearly not cut out for executing the human thought process. 
334 respected you until you just blanket fucked the entire community and staff and take offense especially after have just given every coin had those who lost out. 
334 back writing that site yours that nobody reads while the rest move with our lives. 
334 you took that stride then would like speak with you one one. 
335 from fiddlestix february pmthe incendiary insults directed the community are uncalled forquote from february pmits makes realize should have gone into coding long long time ago lolquote from albert february pmthe stage now set just right for dpr come sailing along the high winds. 
335 from honeyray february pmmaybe even analysing decentralised options. 
336 from stealth february pminvalid limp dicked version astor. 
336 xdare those rumors about you being astor true quoteshow where said understood transaction malleability. 
336 show where claimed technical expertise. 
336 anyone can read your pronouncement its sha bit signed glory where you spew this howler our initial investigations indicate that vendor exploited recently discovered vulnerability the bitcoin protocol known transaction malleability repeatedly withdraw coins from our system until was completely empty. 
336 despite our hardening and pentesting procedures this attack vector was outside penetration testing scope due being rooted the bitcoin protocol itself. 
336 were you just talking out your ass then are you lying now when you say you dont know nothing about transaction malleability quoteyou sir are prick. 
336 someone has his feathers ruffled enjoy fleecing the remaining rubes second third time. 
336 anyone who cant see through your scam now hopelessly blind. 
337 thats why love the hub. 
337 this place gives platform openly discuss what going without being influenced the market question. 
337 this place can help all from losing money and other things. 
338 link sigi want easy money too. 
339 from evilgrin february ami want easy money too hehee. 
340 would also like say thank you the hub for giving subforum and for starting the hub the first place. 
340 when was first introduced didnt really know liked the idea but now see very useful tool keep contact with people between markets especially when market goes down. 
341 from nevermind february amnice see tba having subforum the hub very nice market active support and awesome refferal action hope more will join soon this. 
342 pandora smooth indeed must say. 
342 using the site since october. 
343 anyone else getting this http error pandora every time tryn log. 
344 yes but they not help you proamfetamine. 
345 dude its sad but honestly this the best way couldve happened. 
345 their opsec was not even close par. 
345 wouldve been worse fallout time went. 
346 welcome the hub deeo. 
347 all valid points. 
347 the hub should make stick thread warning about. 
348 have opened the discussion this policy everyone the hub its own separate thread. 
348 please contribute here. 
349 from alfred february pmalso anything other than the official story confirmed defcon just speculation and will not condemn established marketplace like based speculation. 
349 the problem what becoming known the official story completely implausible. 
349 swear its like listening obama bush spew their bullshit wars spying. 
349 the whole thing oozing with disnifo misinfo misdirection and pure unadulterated crap that will only work those who are ignorant about bitcoin and want believe. 
349 can appreciate the hubs desire appear impartial but remember silk road not established market. 
349 market that took the name and look previously established market which unfortunately got pwned narcos and feds. 
349 reeks con and even worse honeypot. 
349 far insiders have been able loot over btc top the atrocious commission. 
349 now they are promoting the most insecure possible transaction arrangement terms traceability the blockchain. 
349 anyone who sticks around for that sideshow will find themselves quickly busted the low hanging fruit that they are. 
350 from alfred february pmthe hub impartial. 
350 what that means give you the facts which have done telling you was hacked and you decide what with. 
350 you can decide never use again you can decide back and use the marketplace which now only. 
350 also anything other than the official story confirmed defcon just speculation and will not condemn established marketplace like based speculation. 
350 would the same way with any the established marketplaces. 
350 anyone has any hard evidence that was indeed inside job and that the current administration responsible please with. 
350 thanks for the reply. 
350 think you are missing point. 
350 think probably inside job. 
350 however point that even was not inside job then means that the administrators know nothing about coding and nothing about doing business. 
350 that means that certainly financial risk users confirmed and not speculation and possibly security risk speculation. 
350 there reason equivocate million dollars worth user funds were stolen under their administration. 
351 from alfred february pmi would like for someone come with list qualifications for what you consider established market. 
351 for instance should have treated utopia established market will answer your question. 
351 first you should not have treated utopia established market. 
351 and yes say that one the utopia forum moderators. 
351 actually quite surprised that utopia has its own section here. 
351 utopia should have been under the new marketplaces subforum for least month two while was its infancy. 
351 and let step further and say that someone created new utopia. 
351 market would even further down the list possibly established markets. 
351 trying cash formerly reputable name big red flag. 
351 market should considered established once has been operation for least months has had strange ripoffs changes admin and has significant enough market share that admins could have but did not run off with several million dollars bitcoin. 
352 from february pmagree with these but was compromised for what months before the takedown true however some things really cant predicted. 
352 all can hope that new markets learn from the mistakes previous markets and not enter the game they have been lackadaisical about opsec. 
353 from ripsnorta february pmthe whole thing just stinks high heaven and riddled with host unanswered questions. 
353 was always taught that looks like duck walks like duck and quacks like duck then its duck absolutely. 
353 there point treating normal market site anymore than would treat sheep marketplace normal market site they came back. 
353 represents financial risk and probably also security risk. 
353 the hub should make that clear its users. 
354 from sorrymario february pmi can appreciate the hubs desire appear impartial but remember silk road not established market. 
354 market that took the name and look previously established market which unfortunately got pwned narcos and feds. 
354 this has relationship with the original silk road. 
354 anything the owners are guilty trademark fraud and. 
354 why would they this trade the good reputation the original silk road. 
354 has far less credibility than any other current market because has proven unwilling unable protect user funds. 
354 impartial stance would warning use your own risk. 
355 from sorrymario february pmquote from alfred february pmi would like for someone come with list qualifications for what you consider established market. 
355 for instance should have treated utopia established market will answer your question. 
355 first you should not have treated utopia established market. 
355 and yes say that one the utopia forum moderators. 
355 actually quite surprised that utopia has its own section here. 
355 utopia should have been under the new marketplaces subforum for least month two while was its infancy. 
355 and let step further and say that someone created new utopia. 
355 market would even further down the list possibly established markets. 
355 trying cash formerly reputable name big red flag. 
355 market should considered established once has been operation for least months has had strange ripoffs changes admin and has significant enough market share that admins could have but did not run off with several million dollars bitcoin. 
355 agree with these but was compromised for what months before the takedown alfred agree one cant spoonfeed new people who shouldnt darknet but helpfulness the naive greatly appreciated. 
355 its probably fair speculation that naive newbies will more likely because the name makes them think its safer sooner than going the marketplace which needs that extra technical step. 
355 for computer illiterates even getting darknet tough process. 
355 not saying that admins necessarilly have duty buyers but getting accurate histories marketplaces personalities can difficult. 
356 from tyrone february impartial stance would warning use your own risk. 
356 all the markets listed and discused here are use your own risk. 
356 have made that clear from the beginning here. 
356 would like for someone come with list qualifications for what you consider established market. 
356 for instance should have treated utopia established market also all saying that anyone coming this subforum hopefully going read all the posts here and make their own conclusions. 
356 have tell them that they could potentially lose money after reading what they have seen here any the other marketplace subforums then they probably should not the darknet full stop. 
356 this just opinion though and would certainly love hear arguments. 
356 long meaningful always appreciate discourse. 
357 has recently had incidents which funds escrow were stolen. 
357 here are the facts know them. 
357 the latest theft over bitcoins were stolen. 
357 more than double the amount that staff has admitted being stolen. 
357 staff have blamed the theft hackers. 
357 many people knowledgeable about the bitcoin protocol find the theft all the coins held through transaction malleability implausible. 
357 hackers did fact manage steal from users then the administration incompetent. 
357 moderators the forum have been deceptively stating that only users had their funds stolen. 
357 fact only total users had funds their bitcoin wallets escrow and those funds were stolen. 
357 should deemed suspicious site and the hub community deserves warning. 
357 minimum warning saying use your own risk. 
358 the hub impartial. 
358 what that means give you the facts which have done telling you was hacked and you decide what with. 
358 you can decide never use again you can decide back and use the marketplace which now only. 
358 also anything other than the official story confirmed defcon just speculation and will not condemn established marketplace like based speculation. 
358 would the same way with any the established marketplaces. 
358 anyone has any hard evidence that was indeed inside job and that the current administration responsible please with. 
359 the only way they can save themselves repay all the coins back. 
359 someone made lot coins there the last couple months. 
359 doesnt matter what happened being scam legit theft the management responsible without repayment they should avoided. 
359 they dont repay they should put the scammers list. 
359 periodthey made statement few days ago saying they were gonna repay the coins. 
359 anyone get refunded yet. 
360 this why you totally kick ass you are doing something positive and sparking meaningful debate. 
360 and you like long walks the beach. 
360 thanks alfred new fav mod. 
361 topicseenhold onto your hats were off again. 
362 time for new key. 
363 lol cooked has karma. 
363 kids are butthurt here see. 
364 from february amjust enjoyed thread about why you shouldnt use counterfeit pay hookers. 
364 nice break from the drama and abounding elsewhere. 
364 read that thread few weeks back when joined evolution. 
364 the forums are fairly tame over there. 
364 its nice but just dont have the time maintain different forum presences mainly check this one and the markets work. 
365 from every february pmok really like evo its good market that functions quite well with fast page loads and host cool feature for the vendor. 
365 lets make suggest here they can make more better. 
365 vacation mode one click disable hide all current listings for when need take break. 
365 clone listing for many list same product different quantity and being able one click copy the listing and edit the price and quantity very helpful. 
365 buyer feedback having stats our buyers helps know when your dealing with someone positive potential scammer. 
365 thats all can think right now. 
365 please chime with your suggestion. 
365 another good thing about agora that they have implemented everything your list. 
365 may suggest posting this the evolution forum forum link. 
365 onion its great see other venders focused improving and streamlining can serve our customers better. 
365 like your style. 
366 help get high. 
366 php register cdff. 
367 from evilgrin february pmi would also like say thank you the hub for giving subforum and for starting the hub the first place. 
367 when was first introduced didnt really know liked the idea but now see very useful tool keep contact with people between markets especially when market goes down. 
367 seems more tool for your trolling fuck off will check out your market albert. 
368 from mary february amwill check out your market albert. 
368 sure mary still getting off the blocks and lil messy here there with updates and constant changes but swing and check some stuff out. 
368 let know your thoughts. 
369 have been receiving this error all morning. 
370 its been problematic recently probably due the vps servers arent load balanced correctly the influx refugees overwhelming their infrastructure purely speculation. 
371 yep only been able get twice today. 
371 must traffic load from guess. 
372 hello kwikeemart are really happy see that vendor enjoy our market since the beginning. 
372 keep working improvement and new features. 
373 need more security conscious web developers with understanding that youll make more btc running security tight site than vending and scamming. 
373 utopia was already under investigation from its inception. 
373 you cannot vend and admin and also successful with freedom. 
373 its all too much handle. 
373 run secure site. 
373 always updating and being aware. 
373 admin doesnt vend and only deals with site business. 
373 escrow locking out scammers resolutions forum issues ect. 
373 that should the site owners admins only job. 
373 make the website hum and sing sweetly. 
373 enjoy your freedom. 
373 you cannot greedy troll. 
373 you always make more being honest. 
373 look ross defcon. 
373 honest ross had million site and million his wallet. 
373 lacked website security. 
373 greedy troll fuckwad defcon scammed lied with shitty site and only say only. 
373 huge sums true. 
373 but look the big picture. 
373 the mob doesnt kill you you owe them money. 
373 not right away. 
373 long you pay you live. 
373 the mob bleeds you. 
373 youre dead they make. 
373 you pay over time the mob makes lot more. 
373 utopia was also run out someones home. 
374 don forget that the first time coins disappeared cold storage issue they were all returned within few weeks after dpr contacted the new admins. 
374 how does that fit with your scam theory why would they return all the money once and then stage elaborate scam only month later thanks alfred for keeping this discussion leveled. 
374 fuckrobertb fuck off you trolling cunt. 
375 anyone else not able get. 
375 page says cant connect server problem loading page. 
376 does that mean they are going repay the funds they stole just round scam. 
378 for the record the hub currently funded only alfred and the few donations have received from individual forum members. 
379 moving this the silk road subforum its more concept than breaking news. 
379 think the input the silk road community would certainly useful indicator whether your opinion holds weight and look forward reading the discussion come. 
380 until decon repays users shouldnt considered scam marketplace they get pass because they help fund this forum. 
381 thanks for covering this eiley. 
381 the politics and the legal system this country are beyond disgusting and the fate ssbd needs covered and not forgotten. 
381 for you lolmodfags you are real piece work and sociopath. 
381 had the dollars would pay have keyboard warrior like you hunted down and have all your secret shortcomings paraded the world. 
381 watch your back you little cunt all the events late have proven that people here arent anonymous they think. 
381 you make sick and sure not the only one gunning for you now. 
381 karmas nasty bitch best you scurry off and get new username now you pimply little droplet premature ejaculate. 
381 can someone please ban this turd ssbd suffering enough. 
382 anything look familliar suspicious here. 
382 info address grfntylwoyqnk mffaz qpkdwp ysoyfor full details check bbmcs profile his forum post its still feb updated details available here. 
383 pretty nice though only weed listings the moment but registered and will keep eye them thank you albert. 
384 from mary february pmpretty nice though only weed listings the moment but registered and will keep eye them thank you albert. 
384 nice see here mary. 
384 cant forget your assistance gcnc. 
384 any chance planning open club your own here. 
385 being hacked maybe bmr had some crazy issues like this when was being hacked. 
385 bakopy caught time. 
386 what went wrong stupidity and greed generally land criminals jail. 
387 from february amquote from neferti february amdon forget that the first time coins disappeared cold storage issue they were all returned within few weeksnot taking sides here but the only proof the coins being returned was the admins saying. 
387 they seem have record not being truthful their community. 
387 they could have been returned they could have just used the money escrow. 
387 dont think anyone will ever know this point. 
387 why this point difficult for many devotees understand genuine stupidity outright denial blatant dishonesty brain hurts anytime see one these idiots asking people why they returned the cold storage coins they were scammers anyway. 
387 for the sticky defintiely favour. 
387 deepdotweb has them the dead scam category their site and big majority the darknet community seems believe scam why should the hub treat any differently. 
388 from neferti february amdon forget that the first time coins disappeared cold storage issue they were all returned within few weeksnot taking sides here but the only proof the coins being returned was the admins saying. 
388 they seem have record not being truthful their community. 
388 they could have been returned they could have just used the money escrow. 
388 dont think anyone will ever know this point. 
389 hours ago was sweating owe some nasty individuals great deal money. 
389 these are the people who make you disapear. 
389 many will know was preparing goodbyes from the forums. 
389 however defcon stood and showed the true spirit defiance all the doubters. 
389 paid the full amount and saved bacon. 
389 this what the community all about. 
389 are all family and all help each other out. 
389 long live srdefcons message safe. 
389 when you repay will put the balance directly into paying vendor back this came out our staff pay reserves. 
389 thank you for your support and patience get those people paid and happy and get back serving drinks the green camel. 
390 glad youre not any trouble starting swayed the stories hearing. 
390 maybe its the years buying the street that has critical the minute something like that happens will wait and see not owed much just few quid change really not enough for usual order when that goes back ill know for sure. 
390 deliberately not making much noise with buyers account see all goes back automatically. 
390 that happens will have doubts all but until then wont ordering anything. 
390 can afford loss will either get some the street shit till then not stuck all but its consistency the street its either good and really small shit and little bigger not like what was getting. 
391 pays everyone back. 
391 that opinion this matter. 
392 from averteyesment february pmyou realise that stealing millions bitcoins and giving pithy amount bitcoin some fanboy are not mutually exclusive right call thomas coz still doubtingok thomas. 
393 from february pmquote from mycarneedstint february pmyoure not even funny. 
393 that aside and staying topic wheres the proof show the proof. 
393 prove the world that you and defcon are not cahoots. 
393 its all about the proof. 
393 prove defcon doing the right thing. 
393 his explanation btc maleability made sense. 
393 prove you got your btc back. 
393 was the same amount you lost btc fiat value prove wrong. 
393 not believe you can. 
393 its not geat concern you believe not may not concern you. 
393 you spread misinformation and are srs defcons pocket imo. 
393 why else would you sing his praises are you the payroll. 
394 from fuckrobertb february pmquote from february hours ago was sweating owe some nasty individuals great deal money. 
394 these are the people who make you disapear. 
394 many will know was preparing goodbyes from the forums. 
394 however defcon stood and showed the true spirit defiance all the doubters. 
394 paid the full amount and saved bacon. 
394 this what the community all about. 
394 are all family and all help each other out. 
394 long live srdefcons message safe. 
394 when you repay will put the balance directly into paying vendor back this came out our staff pay reserves. 
394 thank you for your support and patience get those people paid and happy and get back serving drinks the green camel. 
394 defconyou are criminally dumbyou must whole new level then. 
395 from mycarneedstint february pmquote from sorrymario february pmsince whitebeard has been riding defcons cock the whole time remaining faithful even immediately after the hiest that suggests may some sort insider. 
395 course still doubt defcon. 
395 his story about transaction malleability leading being the cause the theft complete bullshit. 
395 the proof defcon artist story never made any sense. 
395 mods not working the site didnt add either. 
395 now someone under suspicion being says theyve been made whole. 
395 show the blockchain info dont just say but back your words with proof. 
395 good for you. 
395 make whole owe evil people too. 
395 keep riding defcon artists cock until get mine. 
395 for wallet addy when ready. 
395 not holding breath just know. 
395 wouldnt very wise give you the wallet addy would puts and defcon danger. 
396 from mycarneedstint february pmwe all can see wallet. 
396 decons wallet supposedly has been posted you have credability imo. 
396 back your drinking establishment thread. 
396 all you are doing spreading fud. 
396 making big sandwich. 
396 yuck have bite sandwich. 
397 from mycarneedstint february pmyoure not even funny. 
397 that aside and staying topic wheres the proof show the proof. 
397 prove the world that you and defcon are not cahoots. 
397 its all about the proof. 
397 prove defcon doing the right thing. 
397 his explanation btc maleability made sense. 
397 prove you got your btc back. 
397 was the same amount you lost btc fiat value prove wrong. 
397 not believe you can. 
397 its not geat concern you believe not. 
398 from sorrymario february pmsince whitebeard has been riding defcons cock the whole time remaining faithful even immediately after the hiest that suggests may some sort insider. 
398 course still doubt defcon. 
398 his story about transaction malleability leading being the cause the theft complete bullshit. 
398 the proof defcon artist story never made any sense. 
398 mods not working the site didnt add either. 
398 now someone under suspicion being says theyve been made whole. 
398 show the blockchain info dont just say but back your words with proof. 
398 good for you. 
398 make whole owe evil people too. 
398 keep riding defcon artists cock until get mine. 
398 for wallet addy when ready. 
398 not holding breath just know. 
399 since whitebeard has been riding defcons cock the whole time remaining faithful even immediately after the hiest that suggests may some sort insider. 
399 course still doubt defcon. 
399 his story about transaction malleability leading being the cause the theft complete bullshit. 
400 this sounds just like what the sheep market admin did for all their vocal forum members before they stole everything. 
400 just ask jack hoff backed sheep market until the very last day. 
400 why because unlike everyone else they let him withdraw limited amount funds would publicly called any scam talk. 
400 does this post sound familiar. 
401 all can see wallet. 
401 decons wallet supposedly has been posted you have credability imo. 
401 back your drinking establishment thread. 
401 all you are doing spreading fud. 
401 making big sandwich. 
402 you realise that stealing millions bitcoins and giving pithy amount bitcoin some fanboy are not mutually exclusive right call thomas coz still doubting. 
403 youre not even funny. 
403 that aside and staying topic wheres the proof show the proof. 
403 prove the world that you and defcon are not cahoots. 
403 its all about the proof. 
403 prove defcon doing the right thing. 
403 his explanation btc maleability made sense. 
403 prove you got your btc back. 
403 was the same amount you lost btc fiat value prove wrong. 
403 not believe you can. 
404 hello its opened again and have question. 
404 would safe put exact quantity bitcoin scrow and quickly place order with this bitcoins major risk the moment wanna place order but want know first place orders and put the bitcoins that the escrow its safe now. 
404 someone that place placed order put bitcoins his scrow without any problem please report here. 
405 howdy ive never heard dream market could you share link just curious. 
406 have agora account too and know another markets but the same deal more cheap than agora and never placed order agora before yet its totally safe now ask this question for maybe somebody place order today someone put bitcoins scrow without problems this things. 
406 yes maybe possible put the money and quickly place the order but dont know less with this answers. 
406 gonna waiting for more reports and not nothing secure should place the order agora then although more expensive the same deal than. 
406 please anyone put the scrow bitcoins receive bitcoins and can place orders without any problem too report here. 
406 would great help for and for other users. 
406 people who get bitcoins scrow recommend small quantities first test see the account reaches. 
406 and the last one respect please have not insulted anyone. 
408 from february pmsr working fine for now. 
408 just dont leave coin your wallet you are not ordering. 
408 like should done the rule applys all markets. 
408 you never know they will down. 
408 thanks lot good answer. 
409 from mdparity february amive never heard dream market could you share link just curious. 
409 oniontbh not even sure its still active their forums only have like registered members lol. 
409 main site captcha refuses work think might scratch this one off the list. 
410 right now its the safest can once market faith restores and more vendors return expect the scam strike again. 
410 use scamming the little fish. 
411 working fine for now. 
411 just dont leave coin your wallet you are not ordering. 
411 like should done the rule applys all markets. 
411 you never know they will down. 
412 the mind boggles. 
412 why earth dont you just use different market agora see sig for referral pandora blue sky hell even dream market have all been around long and havent been plagued dozens mysterious admin accounts arrests insiders and massive bitcoin thefts. 
413 com silkroad comments ygydz cnn bitcoin system not blame silkroad reddit thread here. 
413 this confirms what everyone has been saying. 
413 also they banned real forum account because was spreading theories about this the original thread when this happened. 
413 they stole youre fucking money like all said. 
413 get your coins out now. 
413 here the link cnn clearnet warning. 
413 com technology security bitcoin black market. 
414 site should closed until coins are repaidhahah yeah right. 
415 can see your point. 
415 will stick around for while. 
415 actually was hoping get touch with old friends whos stalls and emails went down. 
416 sorry was kind douchey now that reread this. 
416 here you still need man. 
416 onion referral afkabber. 
417 anyone needs referral for this market here. 
417 onion referral afkabber. 
418 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
418 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat silk road not silk road. 
418 this silk road has relationship with the original. 
418 anything violation existing trademark. 
418 silk road either. 
418 hopelessly incompetent and unable protect user funds. 
418 choose one the two. 
419 from chemcat february amsr not scam there need cyber mark such. 
419 weve been through alot and will persevere get through this just fine hugs you all chemcat even the coins were stolen which one really believes wheres all the profit the sites been generating why isn that being used repay everyone victimized. 
419 maybe weeks worth receipts were stolen. 
419 wheres the coins from the past weeks you were operating and you can spin all you want. 
420 liked the vacation mode idea have now implemented that. 
420 buyers dont have feedback rating such but they have searchable statistics vendors can make informed choices about who deal with. 
421 yep see that. 
421 just people know how find its called holiday mode evo and its located the store tab your vendor dashboard. 
421 thanks million for that. 
421 had take break last week and was bit annoying one time. 
421 thanks for the speedy implementaiton. 
422 heres lovely tabloid take bit out date now but havent seen anything about yesterdays proceedings public servant peter nash allegedly ran drug ring from wacol prison des houghton the courier mail february ama senior queensland public servant helped run international drug ring from his office inside wacol prison police allege. 
422 peter philip nash faces extradition the answer charges conspiracy traffic narcotics computer hacking and money laundering. 
422 the time his arrest the behavioural scientist was also under investigation the crime and misconduct commission for allegedly smuggling dangerous sex offender out jail for meal hungry jack. 
422 nash was arrested december his new farm home australian federal police the very day was fly paris get married. 
422 nash and others allegedly were paid salaries for working online marketplace known silk road launched and known the ebay for drugs the fbi. 
422 the fbi said silk road processed transactions worth about. 
422 billion scores countries before was shut down. 
422 silk road let users buy and sell drugs and guns arrange access hitmen and stolen credit card information well buy legal goods via anonymous bitcoin transactions they said. 
422 ross william ulbricht named the owner and creator silk road was arrested san francisco last october. 
422 has pleaded not guilty range charges tied his alleged activities with silk road including called kingpin charge often reserved for organised crime groups. 
422 ulbricht will trial november. 
422 british born nash listed the indictment filed new york the website primary moderator and was allegedly paid between and year. 
422 the indictment filed manhattan federal court prosecutors allege nash went the aliases batman and. 
422 two other alleged silk road employees andrew michael jones the and gary davis ireland were also named. 
422 days before his arrest friends said nash was flashing engagement ring and gushing about european honeymoon. 
422 and facebook nash wrote packing for cold christmas and snowboarding woohoo the courier mail understands nash was paid relocation expenses move brisbane after being recruited the. 
422 was snared global investigation the fbi and the drug enforcement administration with help from the australian federal police. 
422 his extradition hearing start brisbane next week. 
422 senior clinician the prison forensic disability unit nash worked predominantly with disturbed and criminally insane prisoners. 
422 the courier mail understands was paid year. 
422 nash aroused suspicion wacol insisting having two computers one which was later found have encryption software installed. 
422 cmc investigation began after complaint from the ethical standards unit that nash had allowed dangerous prisoner accompany him outside visit. 
422 nash was charged with narcotics conspiracy which carries sentence years life prison conspiracy commit computer hacking and money laundering conspiracy. 
422 department communities spokesman said the government could not comment the case. 
423 from lolmodfags february amquote from mtwarning february amreading again now its sad whats happening our courts and the nonsense well hand over citizen for. 
423 org wiki hew raymond griffithsim tempted barge into the court with bunch tractor paper and computer file some old laptop and say travesty justice about occur here ssbd and can prove then wave the tractor paper around spout bunch technobabble about deep packet inspection hand over the computer and see what they all. 
423 ssbd was your typical modfag always deleting anything that wasnt said with half tongue dprs ass. 
423 hope enjoys getting raped one those nice american jails just relax ssbd youll only make harder yourself. 
424 smuggling out sex offenders good read thank you. 
425 damn thank you for the information. 
425 when find him. 
426 here the original post looks like defcon started this scam december slowly moving btc his wallet several times day. 
426 read below for the details. 
426 onion items here the stolen silk walletop. 
426 appears had arrangement with group vendors not steal from them but anyone else was free game copy pasted bbmc full member the british tor vendors association btva ever get the feeling youve been swindled. 
426 info address grfntylwoyqnk mffaz qpkdwp ysoytheyve been moving our bitcoins out the sites fac wallet since the end january. 
426 btcmore interesting all the ive been finding associated with silk road from this wallet. 
426 info address nxd wzeysjucbtm nps skheach payment marks massive cashpile there are them. 
426 the wallet has been busy again today. 
426 feb believe the thief uses this wallet. 
426 was worried that this info could compromise dpr trial bitcoin earned him. 
426 ive even tried make myself known the wallet owner firing the numbers for using but ross cant moving that money around hes custody. 
426 when defcon claimed unable find the escrow funds december felt sorry for him found many. 
426 system wallets could for him marked them from the wallet dec then messaged support let them know where dpr kept the money. 
426 info address ahynaomxdpd bnnvxusy thursday feb escrow went missing again about time along with those other vendors. 
426 silk road support had been specifically asked not steal from any the british tor vendors association members. 
426 was contacted the btva and asked find our missing funds. 
426 was very easy and easier because already had wallets such. 
426 info address facb qnikfpuoo wvfnyai hcov tmarked dec and decthe irony that thief was using small bitcoin payments mark his own swag piles wasnt lost. 
426 the ing wallet now has itjust and add few those hundreds fat wallets all filled then marked with wallet. 
426 info address nxd wzeysjucbtm nps skhin close succession. 
426 havent added all but looks around half billion dollars move and marked february. 
426 most that must unspent historical silk road and earnings. 
426 whoever owns the android phone with bitcoin wallet nxd the thief believe. 
426 and some money with him. 
426 the thief hadnt from the brotherhood british meth chemists none this need have happened. 
426 incidentally this isnt real listing dont try buy feel free make small payment any those wallets. 
426 will let the thief thieves know that you know. 
426 have great week everybody its only bbmc team. 
427 from february amwhoever the bbmc and the btva are they are much blame dpr. 
427 assuming this all true course. 
427 the fact that they didnt warn everyone the time. 
427 but regardless this another red flag regarding the whole saga. 
427 the admin cannot and should not trusted this point. 
428 from xandz february amthe stupidity some people exhibit sometimes really saddens. 
428 good for laugh though. 
429 from xsposer february amquote from february amwhoever the bbmc and the btva are they are much blame dpr. 
429 assuming this all true course. 
429 the fact that they didnt warn everyone the time. 
429 but regardless this another red flag regarding the whole saga. 
429 the admin cannot and should not trusted this point. 
429 yeah definitely partially blame also would like agree with the trust part anyone seriously considering returning dont the admin has shown time and time again hes not trusted cant see why anyone would believe his story about being hacked. 
429 the stupidity some people exhibit sometimes really saddens. 
430 whoever the bbmc and the btva are they are much blame dpr. 
430 assuming this all true course. 
431 heres link anyone needs. 
432 she probably enjoying the olympics sochithinking about ali the bitcoins she amassingand she deserves her good fortune. 
433 smooth when transactions well but when they dont dont trust the escrow system. 
433 personnally have funds escrow for like months tried everything forum support. 
433 get alice attention but still nothing. 
433 its the one big flaw pandora. 
433 not the only one this situation. 
433 dont build escrow system you let funds its stupid. 
434 market design completly changed. 
