0 according all his words accentuate about traffic. 
0 good market requires traffic. 
0 easy handling problems for deposits problems for withdrawals good system for contact pgp correct communication with admins etc. 
0 for now fast and safe. 
1 seconded fast and smooth from the buyer point view too. 
1 what was the bluesky fud spread the silk road forums when bluesky first opened dont remember seeing that. 
2 there are many far more knowledgable than but i'll answer bit help you along. 
2 coinbase probably the most coin for your buck when comes easy places buy bitcoin. 
2 there are other ways that you can buy cheaper bitcoins btc but its royal pain the ass you live the. 
2 you can make and have many wallets you want store your bitcoin either your computer online. 
2 info trusted for online wallets. 
2 currently looking into running electrum from tails more secure wallet setup and believe that the consensus for good basic opsec operational security. 
2 would reccomend that you use tails minimize the possibility your computer leaking info about you. 
2 also makes things like pgp and otr messaging way easier its all included the. 
2 its really easy set too just download the iso image and mount dvd thumb drive card. 
3 kiinnostaisi kyll tiet ett mit kansainv listyminen. 
4 miksi pit menn kansainv liseksi miksi edes kiinnostaisi kauppapaikka niill monia muita sit varten. 
4 itse ainakin toivoisin ett pysyisi vain suomalaisten keskuudessa eik edes tarvitsisi ettei rupea alaik iset lukea sitten lehdist kun ovat tyneet. 
5 from axa march pmcountermail good service and they accept bitcoin now but cost year. 
5 why pay that much when there are very good free lower cost options lelantos mail tor number recommendation they only charge year for lifetime subscription. 
5 lelantos kinda scares with their headers. 
5 quotereceived from lelantos. 
5 either twisted naming policy maybe some are putting all their eggs one very big basket. 
6 had been rather slow taking off but guessing thats the case with every new market there are many chose from and then folks are very wary with all new dnms. 
6 from having been scammed multiple times lately. 
6 takes time build trust and for folks part with their coins over relatively new marketplace. 
6 but that said things have picked over the last couple weeks mostly migrants from agora and the registrations have been steadily growing the day. 
6 that turn has brought about good momentum sales but unfortunately for you its mostly from the drug selections and not ccs. 
6 though there have been few inquiries the support forum which you could chip. 
6 also guess theres only much market can after all. 
6 offer free vendor accounts for couple months along with zero commisions all orders etc. 
6 payout bonus for referrals besides making sure having secure and bug free site for smooth transactions but guess then the onus lies with the site users get the good word around and refer their clients. 
6 were gradually getting there and good things take time. 
7 checked out the site and was not impressed. 
7 the site requires too much from you slow and now unresponsive. 
7 too little freedom the site. 
7 not even sure how people are meant see your listings when you cant see them yourself. 
8 mean its always fast and smooth. 
8 almost never hiccup its refreshing. 
8 just wish the traffic would pick bit. 
8 the forums bashed bsm the beginning being scam and they halted the growth. 
8 but think the last months have easily been most flawless vending experience the. 
8 the guys running always making improvments. 
8 this makes feel like its not some quick hit run scam like smp they simply spend much time improving and adding security. 
8 post your experience bsm this thread. 
9 from damiel march pmseconded fast and smooth from the buyer point view too. 
9 what was the bluesky fud spread the silk road forums when bluesky first opened dont remember seeing that. 
9 right around christmas when was hitting rough waters few people posted links for bsm agora and pandora. 
9 bsm was instantly deemed scam. 
9 then nobody mentioned anymore. 
9 for the last months bsm has been anything but scam. 
9 agora does that referral program where people get paid spam their address was way overhyped and probably going the first fall. 
9 got too big too fast. 
9 blue sky has had time mature and from what the staff told they are only like capacity feel like will around longer than the other two. 
9 forums pretty much dictate what happens dnms and they jumped the gun bsm basically halting growth. 
9 but perseveres and outlasts market after market will grow. 
9 the admins are always updating things. 
9 its really nice see market where the operators really care. 
10 was also impressed with the deposit time. 
10 used blockchains tumbling service for the first time deposit had always used bitcoinfog before and btc was bsm wallet within twenty minutes. 
10 was very happy and impressed. 
10 have thought partial why dont rename that option down payment. 
11 from firelight march ambest option run tor browser with its many privacy and security patches. 
11 youre running tor middle box presumably you are running linux the main box whonix developers recommend run hide hardware serial numbers mac address etc. 
11 use this script start tor browser run tor browser without tor tor over tor. 
11 bin bashexport tor skip launch tor browser browser firefox profile tor browser data browser profile. 
11 defaulti agree with firelight. 
11 thats the easiest simplest method end with decent browser your isolated box without reinventing the wheel. 
11 and before picked any weird platforms for middlebox android etc make sure understood how their random number generation worked practice. 
11 some small platforms raspberry have hardware rng built but not clear what its contribution the cprng that feeds dev random and dev urandom. 
11 good rngs are more than little bit important that scenario. 
12 orgthat said you dont know the difference between java and javascript you shouldnt using the darknet. 
12 they are completely unrelated aside from the name and both being object oriented. 
13 hello doesnt matter where you advertise. 
13 you are only once allowed enter the event. 
14 what happening with tba have seen some people starting push out referral links hoping cream off some buyers that use tba but other than that have heard nothing. 
14 logged today days before have been there for months and still yet sell thing. 
14 not complaining here wondering why with going down agora under ddos people saying pandora vendors scam there hasnt been bigger charge towards tba. 
14 just sit there doesnt bother check every few days see have any questions answer orders fill but never have. 
14 there not many vendors tba are buyers put off for some reason. 
15 its the mentality. 
15 this what goes through peoples heads tor listings. 
15 fuck that agora ddos lots stuff well they have lots stuff ill there one really cares about security seems. 
15 just waiting for mst implemented then will push hard the people who value security knows how computer works. 
15 then should have many tech savvy smart people buying selling. 
16 have you tried blockchains shared btc service has small fee compared bitcoinfog. 
17 silk road not repeat not established marketplace. 
17 total turmoil and spiraling downward. 
17 silk road clusterfuck market with zero support. 
17 the marker the forum you will make defcon very happy you use his site. 
17 because will steal from you. 
17 law enforcement will also very happy because they are monitering the site vigorously looking for you. 
17 use not pass. 
17 pay thousands fines and attorney fees directly jail. 
18 agora was started some bitcoin fog staff and agora currently suffering ddos attack plus huge influx customers. 
18 its possible that theyre the same servers hosted the same data center the attack could also affecting the fog well agora. 
18 just theory certainly expert dark web matters anything like that. 
19 one the nicer security features tails that the usb drive dvd its being run from gets removed from the computer immediately tries shut down and wipe ram prevent cold boot attack. 
19 sure yanking your usb out while mounted may corrupt but thats what backups are for. 
20 not les style. 
21 assume you mean luks crypt think that rubber hose cryptanalysis keylogging other coersive methods recovery are more feasable than them breaking the encryption mathmatical route. 
21 modern crypto tends extremely secure the math level. 
21 even des which based broken cypher infeasable brute force. 
21 far more worried about picking good passphrase that cannot guessed and backing encrypted data. 
22 from pieceofmind march pmhi everyonei was wandering there are known cases about trying break harddrive that has been encrypted using the full disk encryption tool provided linux distributions. 
22 know that truecrypt surely strong enough and that the fbi had troubles with but havent seen anything written about the linux encryption tools that using right now. 
22 pieceofmindthe best answer can give you that edward snowden recently days ago said that full disk encryption works. 
22 the math sound and the nsa has much better chance hacking your computer and sniffing the keys the password than they breaking your encryption. 
22 with that being said try figure out which fde your linux distribution uses and look that one speciifcally and try and compare this chart. 
22 org wiki comparison disk encryption software. 
23 like this site nice interface like the add favorites button. 
23 the wanted section the forum interesting read. 
24 begin pgp signed message hash sha supported versions electrum. 
24 supported versions note all apt settings must selected persistence note all text case sensitive boot tails from usb driveinput pers. 
25 new the market not sure how long withdrawal from here should take. 
25 normal for take more than few hours for the withdrawal queue process the withdrawals. 
26 ive read many reports slow deposits slow withdrawals from btc fog over the past couple months. 
26 had withdrawal myself that showed complete fog but trace blockchain which completed perfectly little later than had hoped what havent seen someone complaining that their transaction never completed. 
26 personally trust bitcoin fog had few blips where doubted must admit but dont use them theres any kind urgency with your transaction advice. 
27 thanks everyone for the great advice luv this place. 
28 from owockeznan march pmi assume you mean luks crypt think that rubber hose cryptanalysis keylogging other coersive methods recovery are more feasable than them breaking the encryption mathmatical route. 
28 modern crypto tends extremely secure the math level. 
28 even des which based broken cypher infeasable brute force. 
28 far more worried about picking good passphrase that cannot guessed and backing encrypted data. 
28 use diceware words youre really paranoid use. 
28 com memorize keep only your head. 
29 everyonei was wandering there are known cases about trying break harddrive that has been encrypted using the full disk encryption tool provided linux distributions. 
29 know that truecrypt surely strong enough and that the fbi had troubles with but havent seen anything written about the linux encryption tools that using right now. 
30 hello everybody attempting start new marketplace called aurora marketplace. 
30 its extreme developmental period was wondering how might start off. 
30 torchat ihtrfpb xdqjhq you have any ideas. 
30 once again thank this wonderful community. 
30 here the link. 
30 pupdate have mainly found weed the place will called aurora weed. 
30 longer its extreme developmental period more like the finishing period. 
30 will update when aurora weed finished. 
31 all seems absolutely fine now even the sticky has disappeared from the forum. 
31 wonder they paid whoever was doing away. 
32 from owockeznan march pmi think that rubber hose cryptanalysis keylogging other coersive methods recovery are more feasable than them breaking the encryption mathmatical route. 
32 modern crypto tends extremely secure the math level. 
32 even des which based broken cypher infeasable brute force. 
32 they just tackle you when youre the public library coffee shop random wifi. 
32 one thing for sure leaving the house makes you much more vulnerable physical attacker and fde protection against physical attackers. 
32 weakened lot simultaneous use random wifi spots. 
32 stay home lock your doors turn off your computer when youre not using and configure dead mans switch when you are. 
33 from owockeznan march pmone the nicer security features tails that the usb drive dvd its being run from gets removed from the computer immediately tries shut down and wipe ram prevent cold boot attack. 
33 sure yanking your usb out while mounted may corrupt but thats what backups are for. 
33 ddr memory decays seconds. 
33 cold boot attacks are not feasible against. 
33 net blog cold boot attacks overrated. 
33 htmlyou still need the amount time takes for attacker get from your door your computer shut down. 
34 the only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
34 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
34 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
35 ive had little play around there. 
36 wanted ask people been looking around seems kind complicated. 
36 can anyone tell what they think better dump phone encrypted phone and how make acquire encrypted phone thought might good idea considering the line work. 
37 seems they havent been paying customers for the past few days. 
37 seen this problem posted everywhere. 
38 thnaks for informing usseems need all stop orering from there. 
38 eventually their only business left will support our requeststoo bad. 
38 and pandora seemed good. 
39 hypothetically you receive letter from india that was torn the top but taped closed. 
39 and then there was nothing but about lined blank paper. 
39 such sitation would one afraid even message vendor admitting receipt the item not that would one afriad that the vendor who has lots positive transactions did fact put something else which now the hands god knows who. 
40 avid you pretty much summed what was about advise. 
40 btcer listen the man avid his advice sound. 
41 hong kong based financial start currently building data base potential customers prior launching global multi crypto currency trading platform. 
41 their words not mine registrations are still open and require more than user name email address and password. 
41 your account will receive small amounts daily bitcoin litecoin infinitecoin fedoracoin and more. 
41 theres catch far can see. 
41 their spam and privacy policies look good. 
41 but should warn you some their applications require java script. 
41 com fdthe way see this. 
41 btc were worth. 
41 how wish had been clever enough buy some then. 
41 now any the new ccs start rival btc value will have entered the market base level. 
42 can confirm thisyou have chance get your money from the escrow system because only alice the admin has access escrow system and give fuck his clientsso the vendor can scammed you the job will done alice xdthink twice before you transfer btc. 
43 guysas was reading pandoras forumseems there support people are loosing all time money like they disappear out nowhere answers tickets just aware guys. 
43 atm isnt the right moment use that market. 
44 cheers everyone and jollyroger question got answered firelight before you firelight you want the inbox mate. 
44 throwaway fuck off. 
44 sure alot people couldnt differentiate the two. 
44 darknet big man. 
44 you only learn asking questions. 
45 can confirm thisyou have chance get your money from the escrow system because only alice the admin has access escrow system and give fuck his clientsso the vendor can scammed you the job will done alice xdthink twice before you transfer btc. 
46 hong kong based financial start currently building data base potential customers prior launching global multi crypto currency trading platform. 
46 their words not mine registrations are still open and require more than user name email address and password. 
46 your account will receive small amounts daily bitcoin litecoin infinitecoin fedoracoin and more. 
46 theres catch far can see. 
46 their spam and privacy policies look good. 
46 but should warn you some their applications require java script. 
46 com fdthe way see this. 
46 btc were worth. 
46 how wish had been clever enough buy some then. 
46 now any the new ccs start rival btc value will have entered the market base level. 
47 from owockeznan march pmi assume you mean luks crypt think that rubber hose cryptanalysis keylogging other coersive methods recovery are more feasable than them breaking the encryption mathmatical route. 
47 modern crypto tends extremely secure the math level. 
47 even des which based broken cypher infeasable brute force. 
47 far more worried about picking good passphrase that cannot guessed and backing encrypted data. 
47 use diceware words youre really paranoid use. 
47 com memorize keep only your head. 
48 from raege march pmthe only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
48 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
48 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
48 same the occasional forced signout. 
48 have you noticed any pattern your activity that leads the forced signout keep thinking theres gotta something but dont have enough data points yet. 
49 from owockeznan march pmi think that rubber hose cryptanalysis keylogging other coersive methods recovery are more feasable than them breaking the encryption mathmatical route. 
49 modern crypto tends extremely secure the math level. 
49 even des which based broken cypher infeasable brute force. 
49 they just tackle you when youre the public library coffee shop random wifi. 
49 one thing for sure leaving the house makes you much more vulnerable physical attacker and fde protection against physical attackers. 
49 weakened lot simultaneous use random wifi spots. 
49 stay home lock your doors turn off your computer when youre not using and configure dead mans switch when you are. 
50 from owockeznan march pmone the nicer security features tails that the usb drive dvd its being run from gets removed from the computer immediately tries shut down and wipe ram prevent cold boot attack. 
50 sure yanking your usb out while mounted may corrupt but thats what backups are for. 
50 ddr memory decays seconds. 
50 cold boot attacks are not feasible against. 
50 net blog cold boot attacks overrated. 
50 htmlyou still need the amount time takes for attacker get from your door your computer shut down. 
51 almost want say its been around since sheep tormarket surviving for hot minute. 
51 you could never believe half the fud forums anyways. 
51 despite everything all other markets fallen not have worked flawlessly while has been pain the ass since day one. 
52 all seems absolutely fine now even the sticky has disappeared from the forum. 
52 wonder they paid whoever was doing away. 
53 guysas was reading pandoras forumseems there support people are loosing all time money like they disappear out nowhere answers tickets just aware guys. 
53 atm isnt the right moment use that market. 
54 from owockeznan march pmone the nicer security features tails that the usb drive dvd its being run from gets removed from the computer immediately tries shut down and wipe ram prevent cold boot attack. 
54 sure yanking your usb out while mounted may corrupt but thats what backups are for. 
54 ddr memory decays seconds. 
54 cold boot attacks are not feasible against. 
54 net blog cold boot attacks overrated. 
54 htmlyou still need the amount time takes for attacker get from your door your computer shut down. 
55 everyonei was wandering there are known cases about trying break harddrive that has been encrypted using the full disk encryption tool provided linux distributions. 
55 know that truecrypt surely strong enough and that the fbi had troubles with but havent seen anything written about the linux encryption tools that using right now. 
56 from owockeznan march pmi think that rubber hose cryptanalysis keylogging other coersive methods recovery are more feasable than them breaking the encryption mathmatical route. 
56 modern crypto tends extremely secure the math level. 
56 even des which based broken cypher infeasable brute force. 
56 they just tackle you when youre the public library coffee shop random wifi. 
56 one thing for sure leaving the house makes you much more vulnerable physical attacker and fde protection against physical attackers. 
56 weakened lot simultaneous use random wifi spots. 
56 stay home lock your doors turn off your computer when youre not using and configure dead mans switch when you are. 
57 its absolutely necessary use burner please read this burner phone best practices. 
57 very very good info give you idea the many diffrent ways you can fuck and get caught. 
57 com blog burner phone best practices. 
58 from mickey march pmbest luck. 
58 just keep mind blockchain. 
58 info requires you sometimes allow java just for caphtas believe and obviously the clearnet. 
58 honestly wouldnt surprise they were working closely with since the shutdown the mixing service that required wallet. 
58 highly recommend electrum with tails you have any questions setting how works feel free ask. 
58 actually not convinced that the whole javascript thing really that big deal anymore been patched long ago and you can always toggle tor still worried. 
58 and actually prefer keep coins bank that makes sense only access wallet through tor not that worried about clearnet sites either kinda what tor was originally designed for. 
58 and running blockchain much the better means anonymous coins are really safe. 
58 anyway thanks for the offer maybe ill take you when feel like playing with more darknet stuff. 
59 new the market not sure how long withdrawal from here should take. 
59 normal for take more than few hours for the withdrawal queue process the withdrawals. 
60 almost want say its been around since sheep tormarket surviving for hot minute. 
60 you could never believe half the fud forums anyways. 
60 despite everything all other markets fallen not have worked flawlessly while has been pain the ass since day one. 
61 some people are getting repaid after very long time. 
61 just sharing experience. 
61 dont think its big scam just negligence and its not viable this way. 
62 assume you mean luks crypt think that rubber hose cryptanalysis keylogging other coersive methods recovery are more feasable than them breaking the encryption mathmatical route. 
62 modern crypto tends extremely secure the math level. 
62 even des which based broken cypher infeasable brute force. 
62 far more worried about picking good passphrase that cannot guessed and backing encrypted data. 
63 months and half. 
63 little recap late december ordered gram heroin from thatoneguy and stayed escrow cause allowed. 
63 few days later openly told his profile that was scammer took down all his listings and never came back his account since then. 
63 you should never under any circumstances. 
63 for all who did not your coin will returned. 
63 for all who fed. 
63 let this lesson that you can not let yourself trust someone with sly tongue that not verified. 
63 could have been. 
63 but you handed your addresses like you couldnt care less. 
63 have refunded those who have messaged with genuine talks about their money and how they will not. 
63 feel this the only way people will ever learn. 
63 youre coin being donated random charity helping bitcoin grow. 
63 thatoneguy naturally entered dispute asking refund. 
63 thought was going fast was active bmr god miss and disputes were solved quickly but nothing the following days and weeks. 
63 began write support. 
63 supportde the only one who responded. 
63 said was going transmit alice. 
63 then created few threads and talked about the forums. 
63 contacted supportde again week ago was surprised that still havent had coins back. 
63 promised tell alice. 
63 now still waiting. 
63 gonna keep everyone informed. 
63 this money not that important but think everyone should aware the flaws the escrow system pandora. 
64 wanted ask people been looking around seems kind complicated. 
64 can anyone tell what they think better dump phone encrypted phone and how make acquire encrypted phone thought might good idea considering the line work. 
65 from pwned march pmhonestly you yank out flashdrive least macbook from what remember you really cause damage any files despite the warnings. 
65 hafta dig the reference. 
65 but most shouldnt too concerned with cold freeze attacks anywayz. 
65 and its nothing shotgun wouldnt fix heartbeat usb mass storage mode gives the computer direct control over the blocks the flash drive. 
65 that means write caching enabled could potentially cause problem. 
66 from pieceofmind march pmhi everyonei was wandering there are known cases about trying break harddrive that has been encrypted using the full disk encryption tool provided linux distributions. 
66 know that truecrypt surely strong enough and that the fbi had troubles with but havent seen anything written about the linux encryption tools that using right now. 
66 pieceofmindthe best answer can give you that edward snowden recently days ago said that full disk encryption works. 
66 the math sound and the nsa has much better chance hacking your computer and sniffing the keys the password than they breaking your encryption. 
66 with that being said try figure out which fde your linux distribution uses and look that one speciifcally and try and compare this chart. 
66 org wiki comparison disk encryption software. 
67 cheers everyone and jollyroger question got answered firelight before you firelight you want the inbox mate. 
67 throwaway fuck off. 
67 sure alot people couldnt differentiate the two. 
67 darknet big man. 
67 you only learn asking questions. 
68 it's good place stick around. 
69 hypothetically you receive letter from india that was torn the top but taped closed. 
69 and then there was nothing but about lined blank paper. 
69 such sitation would one afraid even message vendor admitting receipt the item not that would one afriad that the vendor who has lots positive transactions did fact put something else which now the hands god knows who. 
70 ive had little play around there. 
71 the only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
71 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
71 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
72 very impressive vendor. 
72 made same this letter for headstash. 
73 from raege march pmthe only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
73 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
73 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
73 same the occasional forced signout. 
73 have you noticed any pattern your activity that leads the forced signout keep thinking theres gotta something but dont have enough data points yet. 
74 avid you pretty much summed what was about advise. 
74 btcer listen the man avid his advice sound. 
75 hello everybody attempting start new marketplace called aurora marketplace. 
75 its extreme developmental period was wondering how might start off. 
75 torchat ihtrfpb xdqjhq you have any ideas. 
75 once again thank this wonderful community. 
75 here the link. 
75 pupdate have mainly found weed the place will called aurora weed. 
75 longer its extreme developmental period more like the finishing period. 
75 will update when aurora weed finished. 
76 one the nicer security features tails that the usb drive dvd its being run from gets removed from the computer immediately tries shut down and wipe ram prevent cold boot attack. 
76 sure yanking your usb out while mounted may corrupt but thats what backups are for. 
77 new the market not sure how long withdrawal from here should take. 
77 normal for take more than few hours for the withdrawal queue process the withdrawals. 
78 everyonei was wandering there are known cases about trying break harddrive that has been encrypted using the full disk encryption tool provided linux distributions. 
78 know that truecrypt surely strong enough and that the fbi had troubles with but havent seen anything written about the linux encryption tools that using right now. 
79 begin pgp signed message hash sha supported versions electrum. 
79 supported versions note all apt settings must selected persistence note all text case sensitive boot tails from usb driveinput pers. 
80 can confirm thisyou have chance get your money from the escrow system because only alice the admin has access escrow system and give fuck his clientsso the vendor can scammed you the job will done alice xdthink twice before you transfer btc. 
81 hong kong based financial start currently building data base potential customers prior launching global multi crypto currency trading platform. 
81 their words not mine registrations are still open and require more than user name email address and password. 
81 your account will receive small amounts daily bitcoin litecoin infinitecoin fedoracoin and more. 
81 theres catch far can see. 
81 their spam and privacy policies look good. 
81 but should warn you some their applications require java script. 
81 com fdthe way see this. 
81 btc were worth. 
81 how wish had been clever enough buy some then. 
81 now any the new ccs start rival btc value will have entered the market base level. 
82 costs little bit btc but well worth imo. 
83 one the things ive always wondered how know can trust these site operators. 
83 would easy for malicious entity set annonamous email service then monitor everything. 
83 know best practice assume all comms are monitored and use pgp. 
83 that the case why use hidden email all why not gmail yahoo worst case scenario theory they are better than darknet email service. 
84 all seems absolutely fine now even the sticky has disappeared from the forum. 
84 wonder they paid whoever was doing away. 
85 from owockeznan march pmi think that rubber hose cryptanalysis keylogging other coersive methods recovery are more feasable than them breaking the encryption mathmatical route. 
85 modern crypto tends extremely secure the math level. 
85 even des which based broken cypher infeasable brute force. 
85 they just tackle you when youre the public library coffee shop random wifi. 
85 one thing for sure leaving the house makes you much more vulnerable physical attacker and fde protection against physical attackers. 
85 weakened lot simultaneous use random wifi spots. 
85 stay home lock your doors turn off your computer when youre not using and configure dead mans switch when you are. 
86 from owockeznan march pmone the nicer security features tails that the usb drive dvd its being run from gets removed from the computer immediately tries shut down and wipe ram prevent cold boot attack. 
86 sure yanking your usb out while mounted may corrupt but thats what backups are for. 
86 ddr memory decays seconds. 
86 cold boot attacks are not feasible against. 
86 net blog cold boot attacks overrated. 
86 htmlyou still need the amount time takes for attacker get from your door your computer shut down. 
87 guysas was reading pandoras forumseems there support people are loosing all time money like they disappear out nowhere answers tickets just aware guys. 
87 atm isnt the right moment use that market. 
88 almost want say its been around since sheep tormarket surviving for hot minute. 
88 you could never believe half the fud forums anyways. 
88 despite everything all other markets fallen not have worked flawlessly while has been pain the ass since day one. 
89 its absolutely necessary use burner please read this burner phone best practices. 
89 very very good info give you idea the many diffrent ways you can fuck and get caught. 
89 com blog burner phone best practices. 
90 from mickey march pmbest luck. 
90 just keep mind blockchain. 
90 info requires you sometimes allow java just for caphtas believe and obviously the clearnet. 
90 honestly wouldnt surprise they were working closely with since the shutdown the mixing service that required wallet. 
90 highly recommend electrum with tails you have any questions setting how works feel free ask. 
90 actually not convinced that the whole javascript thing really that big deal anymore been patched long ago and you can always toggle tor still worried. 
90 and actually prefer keep coins bank that makes sense only access wallet through tor not that worried about clearnet sites either kinda what tor was originally designed for. 
90 and running blockchain much the better means anonymous coins are really safe. 
90 anyway thanks for the offer maybe ill take you when feel like playing with more darknet stuff. 
91 from pwned march pmhonestly you yank out flashdrive least macbook from what remember you really cause damage any files despite the warnings. 
91 hafta dig the reference. 
91 but most shouldnt too concerned with cold freeze attacks anywayz. 
91 and its nothing shotgun wouldnt fix heartbeat usb mass storage mode gives the computer direct control over the blocks the flash drive. 
91 that means write caching enabled could potentially cause problem. 
92 some people are getting repaid after very long time. 
92 just sharing experience. 
92 dont think its big scam just negligence and its not viable this way. 
93 months and half. 
93 little recap late december ordered gram heroin from thatoneguy and stayed escrow cause allowed. 
93 few days later openly told his profile that was scammer took down all his listings and never came back his account since then. 
93 you should never under any circumstances. 
93 for all who did not your coin will returned. 
93 for all who fed. 
93 let this lesson that you can not let yourself trust someone with sly tongue that not verified. 
93 could have been. 
93 but you handed your addresses like you couldnt care less. 
93 have refunded those who have messaged with genuine talks about their money and how they will not. 
93 feel this the only way people will ever learn. 
93 youre coin being donated random charity helping bitcoin grow. 
93 thatoneguy naturally entered dispute asking refund. 
93 thought was going fast was active bmr god miss and disputes were solved quickly but nothing the following days and weeks. 
93 began write support. 
93 supportde the only one who responded. 
93 said was going transmit alice. 
93 then created few threads and talked about the forums. 
93 contacted supportde again week ago was surprised that still havent had coins back. 
93 promised tell alice. 
93 now still waiting. 
93 gonna keep everyone informed. 
93 this money not that important but think everyone should aware the flaws the escrow system pandora. 
94 cheers everyone and jollyroger question got answered firelight before you firelight you want the inbox mate. 
94 throwaway fuck off. 
94 sure alot people couldnt differentiate the two. 
94 darknet big man. 
94 you only learn asking questions. 
95 from raege march pmthe only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
95 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
95 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
95 same the occasional forced signout. 
95 have you noticed any pattern your activity that leads the forced signout keep thinking theres gotta something but dont have enough data points yet. 
96 from alexander super tramp march amwanted ask people been looking around seems kind complicated. 
96 can anyone tell what they think better dump phone encrypted phone and how make acquire encrypted phone thought might good idea considering the line work. 
96 best rule not conduct business smart phone any smart phone all. 
96 too many security holes. 
97 agora was started some bitcoin fog staff and agora currently suffering ddos attack plus huge influx customers. 
97 its possible that theyre the same servers hosted the same data center the attack could also affecting the fog well agora. 
97 just theory certainly expert dark web matters anything like that. 
98 one the nicer security features tails that the usb drive dvd its being run from gets removed from the computer immediately tries shut down and wipe ram prevent cold boot attack. 
98 sure yanking your usb out while mounted may corrupt but thats what backups are for. 
99 not les style. 
100 assume you mean luks crypt think that rubber hose cryptanalysis keylogging other coersive methods recovery are more feasable than them breaking the encryption mathmatical route. 
100 modern crypto tends extremely secure the math level. 
100 even des which based broken cypher infeasable brute force. 
100 far more worried about picking good passphrase that cannot guessed and backing encrypted data. 
101 from pieceofmind march pmhi everyonei was wandering there are known cases about trying break harddrive that has been encrypted using the full disk encryption tool provided linux distributions. 
101 know that truecrypt surely strong enough and that the fbi had troubles with but havent seen anything written about the linux encryption tools that using right now. 
101 pieceofmindthe best answer can give you that edward snowden recently days ago said that full disk encryption works. 
101 the math sound and the nsa has much better chance hacking your computer and sniffing the keys the password than they breaking your encryption. 
101 with that being said try figure out which fde your linux distribution uses and look that one speciifcally and try and compare this chart. 
101 org wiki comparison disk encryption software. 
102 like this site nice interface like the add favorites button. 
102 the wanted section the forum interesting read. 
103 seems they havent been paying customers for the past few days. 
103 seen this problem posted everywhere. 
104 can confirm thisyou have chance get your money from the escrow system because only alice the admin has access escrow system and give fuck his clientsso the vendor can scammed you the job will done alice xdthink twice before you transfer btc. 
105 hong kong based financial start currently building data base potential customers prior launching global multi crypto currency trading platform. 
105 their words not mine registrations are still open and require more than user name email address and password. 
105 your account will receive small amounts daily bitcoin litecoin infinitecoin fedoracoin and more. 
105 theres catch far can see. 
105 their spam and privacy policies look good. 
105 but should warn you some their applications require java script. 
105 com fdthe way see this. 
105 btc were worth. 
105 how wish had been clever enough buy some then. 
105 now any the new ccs start rival btc value will have entered the market base level. 
106 like this site nice interface like the add favorites button. 
106 the wanted section the forum interesting read. 
107 agora was started some bitcoin fog staff and agora currently suffering ddos attack plus huge influx customers. 
107 its possible that theyre the same servers hosted the same data center the attack could also affecting the fog well agora. 
107 just theory certainly expert dark web matters anything like that. 
108 it's good place stick around. 
109 one the things i've always wondered how know can trust these site operators. 
109 would easy for malicious entity set annonamous email service then monitor everything. 
109 know best practice assume all comms are monitored and use pgp. 
109 that the case why use hidden email all why not gmail yahoo worst case scenario theory they are better than darknet email service. 
110 costs little bit btc but well worth imo. 
111 very impressive vendor. 
111 made same this letter for headstash. 
112 not les style. 
113 guysas was reading pandoras forumseems there support people are loosing all time money like they disappear out nowhere answers tickets just aware guys. 
113 atm isnt the right moment use that market. 
114 from owockeznan march pmone the nicer security features tails that the usb drive dvd its being run from gets removed from the computer immediately tries shut down and wipe ram prevent cold boot attack. 
114 sure yanking your usb out while mounted may corrupt but thats what backups are for. 
114 ddr memory decays seconds. 
114 cold boot attacks are not feasible against. 
114 net blog cold boot attacks overrated. 
114 htmlyou still need the amount time takes for attacker get from your door your computer shut down. 
115 everyonei was wandering there are known cases about trying break harddrive that has been encrypted using the full disk encryption tool provided linux distributions. 
115 know that truecrypt surely strong enough and that the fbi had troubles with but havent seen anything written about the linux encryption tools that using right now. 
116 from owockeznan march pmi think that rubber hose cryptanalysis keylogging other coersive methods recovery are more feasable than them breaking the encryption mathmatical route. 
116 modern crypto tends extremely secure the math level. 
116 even des which based broken cypher infeasable brute force. 
116 they just tackle you when youre the public library coffee shop random wifi. 
116 one thing for sure leaving the house makes you much more vulnerable physical attacker and fde protection against physical attackers. 
116 weakened lot simultaneous use random wifi spots. 
116 stay home lock your doors turn off your computer when youre not using and configure dead mans switch when you are. 
117 its absolutely necessary use burner please read this burner phone best practices. 
117 very very good info give you idea the many diffrent ways you can fuck and get caught. 
117 com blog burner phone best practices. 
118 from mickey march pmbest luck. 
118 just keep mind blockchain. 
118 info requires you sometimes allow java just for caphtas believe and obviously the clearnet. 
118 honestly wouldnt surprise they were working closely with since the shutdown the mixing service that required wallet. 
118 highly recommend electrum with tails you have any questions setting how works feel free ask. 
118 actually not convinced that the whole javascript thing really that big deal anymore been patched long ago and you can always toggle tor still worried. 
118 and actually prefer keep coins bank that makes sense only access wallet through tor not that worried about clearnet sites either kinda what tor was originally designed for. 
118 and running blockchain much the better means anonymous coins are really safe. 
118 anyway thanks for the offer maybe ill take you when feel like playing with more darknet stuff. 
119 new the market not sure how long withdrawal from here should take. 
119 normal for take more than few hours for the withdrawal queue process the withdrawals. 
120 almost want say its been around since sheep tormarket surviving for hot minute. 
120 you could never believe half the fud forums anyways. 
120 despite everything all other markets fallen not have worked flawlessly while has been pain the ass since day one. 
121 some people are getting repaid after very long time. 
121 just sharing experience. 
121 dont think its big scam just negligence and its not viable this way. 
122 assume you mean luks crypt think that rubber hose cryptanalysis keylogging other coersive methods recovery are more feasable than them breaking the encryption mathmatical route. 
122 modern crypto tends extremely secure the math level. 
122 even des which based broken cypher infeasable brute force. 
122 far more worried about picking good passphrase that cannot guessed and backing encrypted data. 
123 months and half. 
123 little recap late december ordered gram heroin from thatoneguy and stayed escrow cause allowed. 
123 few days later openly told his profile that was scammer took down all his listings and never came back his account since then. 
123 you should never under any circumstances. 
123 for all who did not your coin will returned. 
123 for all who fed. 
123 let this lesson that you can not let yourself trust someone with sly tongue that not verified. 
123 could have been. 
123 but you handed your addresses like you couldnt care less. 
123 have refunded those who have messaged with genuine talks about their money and how they will not. 
123 feel this the only way people will ever learn. 
123 youre coin being donated random charity helping bitcoin grow. 
123 thatoneguy naturally entered dispute asking refund. 
123 thought was going fast was active bmr god miss and disputes were solved quickly but nothing the following days and weeks. 
123 began write support. 
123 supportde the only one who responded. 
123 said was going transmit alice. 
123 then created few threads and talked about the forums. 
123 contacted supportde again week ago was surprised that still havent had coins back. 
123 promised tell alice. 
123 now still waiting. 
123 gonna keep everyone informed. 
123 this money not that important but think everyone should aware the flaws the escrow system pandora. 
124 wanted ask people been looking around seems kind complicated. 
124 can anyone tell what they think better dump phone encrypted phone and how make acquire encrypted phone thought might good idea considering the line work. 
125 from pwned march pmhonestly you yank out flashdrive least macbook from what remember you really cause damage any files despite the warnings. 
125 hafta dig the reference. 
125 but most shouldnt too concerned with cold freeze attacks anywayz. 
125 and its nothing shotgun wouldnt fix heartbeat usb mass storage mode gives the computer direct control over the blocks the flash drive. 
125 that means write caching enabled could potentially cause problem. 
126 from pieceofmind march pmhi everyonei was wandering there are known cases about trying break harddrive that has been encrypted using the full disk encryption tool provided linux distributions. 
126 know that truecrypt surely strong enough and that the fbi had troubles with but havent seen anything written about the linux encryption tools that using right now. 
126 pieceofmindthe best answer can give you that edward snowden recently days ago said that full disk encryption works. 
126 the math sound and the nsa has much better chance hacking your computer and sniffing the keys the password than they breaking your encryption. 
126 with that being said try figure out which fde your linux distribution uses and look that one speciifcally and try and compare this chart. 
126 org wiki comparison disk encryption software. 
127 cheers everyone and jollyroger question got answered firelight before you firelight you want the inbox mate. 
127 throwaway fuck off. 
127 sure alot people couldnt differentiate the two. 
127 darknet big man. 
127 you only learn asking questions. 
128 it's good place stick around. 
129 hypothetically you receive letter from india that was torn the top but taped closed. 
129 and then there was nothing but about lined blank paper. 
129 such sitation would one afraid even message vendor admitting receipt the item not that would one afriad that the vendor who has lots positive transactions did fact put something else which now the hands god knows who. 
130 ive had little play around there. 
131 the only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
131 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
131 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
132 very impressive vendor. 
132 made same this letter for headstash. 
133 from raege march pmthe only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
133 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
133 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
133 same the occasional forced signout. 
133 have you noticed any pattern your activity that leads the forced signout keep thinking theres gotta something but dont have enough data points yet. 
134 avid you pretty much summed what was about advise. 
134 btcer listen the man avid his advice sound. 
135 hello everybody attempting start new marketplace called aurora marketplace. 
135 its extreme developmental period was wondering how might start off. 
135 torchat ihtrfpb xdqjhq you have any ideas. 
135 once again thank this wonderful community. 
135 here the link. 
135 pupdate have mainly found weed the place will called aurora weed. 
135 longer its extreme developmental period more like the finishing period. 
135 will update when aurora weed finished. 
136 one the nicer security features tails that the usb drive dvd its being run from gets removed from the computer immediately tries shut down and wipe ram prevent cold boot attack. 
136 sure yanking your usb out while mounted may corrupt but thats what backups are for. 
137 ive read many reports slow deposits slow withdrawals from btc fog over the past couple months. 
137 had withdrawal myself that showed complete fog but trace blockchain which completed perfectly little later than had hoped what havent seen someone complaining that their transaction never completed. 
137 personally trust bitcoin fog had few blips where doubted must admit but dont use them theres any kind urgency with your transaction advice. 
138 not les style. 
139 thanks everyone for the great advice luv this place. 
140 from owockeznan march pmi assume you mean luks crypt think that rubber hose cryptanalysis keylogging other coersive methods recovery are more feasable than them breaking the encryption mathmatical route. 
140 modern crypto tends extremely secure the math level. 
140 even des which based broken cypher infeasable brute force. 
140 far more worried about picking good passphrase that cannot guessed and backing encrypted data. 
140 use diceware words youre really paranoid use. 
140 com memorize keep only your head. 
141 from alexander super tramp march amwanted ask people been looking around seems kind complicated. 
141 can anyone tell what they think better dump phone encrypted phone and how make acquire encrypted phone thought might good idea considering the line work. 
141 best rule not conduct business smart phone any smart phone all. 
141 too many security holes. 
142 thnaks for informing usseems need all stop orering from there. 
142 eventually their only business left will support our requeststoo bad. 
142 and pandora seemed good. 
143 begin pgp signed message hash sha supported versions electrum. 
143 supported versions note all apt settings must selected persistence note all text case sensitive boot tails from usb driveinput pers. 
144 seems they havent been paying customers for the past few days. 
144 seen this problem posted everywhere. 
145 can confirm thisyou have chance get your money from the escrow system because only alice the admin has access escrow system and give fuck his clientsso the vendor can scammed you the job will done alice xdthink twice before you transfer btc. 
146 hong kong based financial start currently building data base potential customers prior launching global multi crypto currency trading platform. 
146 their words not mine registrations are still open and require more than user name email address and password. 
146 your account will receive small amounts daily bitcoin litecoin infinitecoin fedoracoin and more. 
146 theres catch far can see. 
146 their spam and privacy policies look good. 
146 but should warn you some their applications require java script. 
146 com fdthe way see this. 
146 btc were worth. 
146 how wish had been clever enough buy some then. 
146 now any the new ccs start rival btc value will have entered the market base level. 
147 like this site nice interface like the add favorites button. 
147 the wanted section the forum interesting read. 
148 almost want say its been around since sheep tormarket surviving for hot minute. 
148 you could never believe half the fud forums anyways. 
148 despite everything all other markets fallen not have worked flawlessly while has been pain the ass since day one. 
149 some people are getting repaid after very long time. 
149 just sharing experience. 
149 dont think its big scam just negligence and its not viable this way. 
150 assume you mean luks crypt think that rubber hose cryptanalysis keylogging other coersive methods recovery are more feasable than them breaking the encryption mathmatical route. 
150 modern crypto tends extremely secure the math level. 
150 even des which based broken cypher infeasable brute force. 
150 far more worried about picking good passphrase that cannot guessed and backing encrypted data. 
151 months and half. 
151 little recap late december ordered gram heroin from thatoneguy and stayed escrow cause allowed. 
151 few days later openly told his profile that was scammer took down all his listings and never came back his account since then. 
151 you should never under any circumstances. 
151 for all who did not your coin will returned. 
151 for all who fed. 
151 let this lesson that you can not let yourself trust someone with sly tongue that not verified. 
151 could have been. 
151 but you handed your addresses like you couldnt care less. 
151 have refunded those who have messaged with genuine talks about their money and how they will not. 
151 feel this the only way people will ever learn. 
151 youre coin being donated random charity helping bitcoin grow. 
151 thatoneguy naturally entered dispute asking refund. 
151 thought was going fast was active bmr god miss and disputes were solved quickly but nothing the following days and weeks. 
151 began write support. 
151 supportde the only one who responded. 
151 said was going transmit alice. 
151 then created few threads and talked about the forums. 
151 contacted supportde again week ago was surprised that still havent had coins back. 
151 promised tell alice. 
151 now still waiting. 
151 gonna keep everyone informed. 
151 this money not that important but think everyone should aware the flaws the escrow system pandora. 
152 wanted ask people been looking around seems kind complicated. 
152 can anyone tell what they think better dump phone encrypted phone and how make acquire encrypted phone thought might good idea considering the line work. 
153 from pwned march pmhonestly you yank out flashdrive least macbook from what remember you really cause damage any files despite the warnings. 
153 hafta dig the reference. 
153 but most shouldnt too concerned with cold freeze attacks anywayz. 
153 and its nothing shotgun wouldnt fix heartbeat usb mass storage mode gives the computer direct control over the blocks the flash drive. 
153 that means write caching enabled could potentially cause problem. 
154 from pieceofmind march pmhi everyonei was wandering there are known cases about trying break harddrive that has been encrypted using the full disk encryption tool provided linux distributions. 
154 know that truecrypt surely strong enough and that the fbi had troubles with but havent seen anything written about the linux encryption tools that using right now. 
154 pieceofmindthe best answer can give you that edward snowden recently days ago said that full disk encryption works. 
154 the math sound and the nsa has much better chance hacking your computer and sniffing the keys the password than they breaking your encryption. 
154 with that being said try figure out which fde your linux distribution uses and look that one speciifcally and try and compare this chart. 
154 org wiki comparison disk encryption software. 
155 cheers everyone and jollyroger question got answered firelight before you firelight you want the inbox mate. 
155 throwaway fuck off. 
155 sure alot people couldnt differentiate the two. 
155 darknet big man. 
155 you only learn asking questions. 
156 it's good place stick around. 
157 hypothetically you receive letter from india that was torn the top but taped closed. 
157 and then there was nothing but about lined blank paper. 
157 such sitation would one afraid even message vendor admitting receipt the item not that would one afriad that the vendor who has lots positive transactions did fact put something else which now the hands god knows who. 
158 ive had little play around there. 
159 the only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
159 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
159 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
160 very impressive vendor. 
160 made same this letter for headstash. 
161 from raege march pmthe only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
161 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
161 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
161 same the occasional forced signout. 
161 have you noticed any pattern your activity that leads the forced signout keep thinking theres gotta something but dont have enough data points yet. 
162 avid you pretty much summed what was about advise. 
162 btcer listen the man avid his advice sound. 
163 hello everybody attempting start new marketplace called aurora marketplace. 
163 its extreme developmental period was wondering how might start off. 
163 torchat ihtrfpb xdqjhq you have any ideas. 
163 once again thank this wonderful community. 
163 here the link. 
163 pupdate have mainly found weed the place will called aurora weed. 
163 longer its extreme developmental period more like the finishing period. 
163 will update when aurora weed finished. 
164 one the nicer security features tails that the usb drive dvd its being run from gets removed from the computer immediately tries shut down and wipe ram prevent cold boot attack. 
164 sure yanking your usb out while mounted may corrupt but thats what backups are for. 
165 ive read many reports slow deposits slow withdrawals from btc fog over the past couple months. 
165 had withdrawal myself that showed complete fog but trace blockchain which completed perfectly little later than had hoped what havent seen someone complaining that their transaction never completed. 
165 personally trust bitcoin fog had few blips where doubted must admit but dont use them theres any kind urgency with your transaction advice. 
166 not les style. 
167 thanks everyone for the great advice luv this place. 
168 from owockeznan march pmi assume you mean luks crypt think that rubber hose cryptanalysis keylogging other coersive methods recovery are more feasable than them breaking the encryption mathmatical route. 
168 modern crypto tends extremely secure the math level. 
168 even des which based broken cypher infeasable brute force. 
168 far more worried about picking good passphrase that cannot guessed and backing encrypted data. 
168 use diceware words youre really paranoid use. 
168 com memorize keep only your head. 
169 from alexander super tramp march amwanted ask people been looking around seems kind complicated. 
169 can anyone tell what they think better dump phone encrypted phone and how make acquire encrypted phone thought might good idea considering the line work. 
169 best rule not conduct business smart phone any smart phone all. 
169 too many security holes. 
170 thnaks for informing usseems need all stop orering from there. 
170 eventually their only business left will support our requeststoo bad. 
170 and pandora seemed good. 
171 begin pgp signed message hash sha supported versions electrum. 
171 supported versions note all apt settings must selected persistence note all text case sensitive boot tails from usb driveinput pers. 
172 seems they havent been paying customers for the past few days. 
172 seen this problem posted everywhere. 
173 can confirm thisyou have chance get your money from the escrow system because only alice the admin has access escrow system and give fuck his clientsso the vendor can scammed you the job will done alice xdthink twice before you transfer btc. 
174 hong kong based financial start currently building data base potential customers prior launching global multi crypto currency trading platform. 
174 their words not mine registrations are still open and require more than user name email address and password. 
174 your account will receive small amounts daily bitcoin litecoin infinitecoin fedoracoin and more. 
174 theres catch far can see. 
174 their spam and privacy policies look good. 
174 but should warn you some their applications require java script. 
174 com fdthe way see this. 
174 btc were worth. 
174 how wish had been clever enough buy some then. 
174 now any the new ccs start rival btc value will have entered the market base level. 
175 like this site nice interface like the add favorites button. 
175 the wanted section the forum interesting read. 
176 cant access agora this happened many times before but not many times much time cant access since hours more less and tryed access one time another and another. 
176 somebody have the same issue and one question why agora have much problems many times can connect somebody know this hope that after sleep when wake hours works fine because waiting for place order. 
176 use the same link always dont think that the problem its for that way surely the servers are overload many new users the market and they need more servers. 
177 god damn miss ssbd. 
177 want get bunch people sign card somehow. 
177 how this can done havent gotten around yet. 
178 the moment also cant get have been trying all morning. 
178 our shop still and running anybody desperate for anything. 
178 havent got round putting any listings pandora yet but hope asap. 
178 anyway fingers crossed for agora lets hope things get sorted soon. 
179 managed get about mins back and still have access. 
179 access getting bit spotty now though. 
179 really hope they get this sorted out soon. 
180 tba nice little site but far from going down getting more orders than ever there. 
181 from raege march amquote from damiel march pmquote from raege march pmthe only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
181 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
181 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
181 same the occasional forced signout. 
181 have you noticed any pattern your activity that leads the forced signout keep thinking theres gotta something but dont have enough data points yet. 
181 for the most part the forced sign out has been random however have noticed higher correlation the forced sign outs occur near the time ordering product. 
181 thats strange vend there and spend lot time the market becasue that and have yet signed out once. 
181 cant imagine just getting lucky there thing like the hub where you set certain ammount time keep you logged really just pullin straws here. 
181 other than that bug that you mention really havnt had much trouble all. 
181 bsm kicks ass for. 
182 from every march amits snappy only couple quarks and almsot always online. 
182 however seriously lacks traffic. 
182 yea have good days and bad days. 
182 think the owners are consistent putting out updates and adding features. 
182 simple things that just make safer market. 
182 this will lend itself useful when other markets cough agora pandora cough start break down. 
182 people will see that bsm has been running smoothly for months and start coming over. 
182 thats what hope least. 
182 some things sell pretty well though. 
183 its snappy only couple quarks and almsot always online. 
183 however seriously lacks traffic. 
184 from damiel march pmquote from raege march pmthe only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
184 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
184 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
184 same the occasional forced signout. 
184 have you noticed any pattern your activity that leads the forced signout keep thinking theres gotta something but dont have enough data points yet. 
184 for the most part the forced sign out has been random however have noticed higher correlation the forced sign outs occur near the time ordering product. 
185 from experience and seeing others. 
185 forming and llc not the worst way. 
185 depends several factors. 
185 the type business you say your selling stuffed animals and your company makes several hundred thousand that year will raise red flags. 
185 you will want pose tech company etc. 
185 taxes are not bad thing the slightest. 
185 you structure your llc the right way such abc llc taxed corp. 
185 you can legally generate yourself payroll and that taxation while your company taxed different rate. 
185 one advantage you keep your personal salary under the federal poverty line you can capitlize obamacare. 
185 seriously though you have that much money move your gonna want pay taxes and look like nice law abiding citizen. 
185 think the long game. 
185 never fall for the out state llc scam like the nevada corporation. 
185 forming out state country one the quickest ways get audited etc. 
185 vary how you take payments and make deposits. 
185 the you can make cash deposits use prepaid visa mastercards available any drugstore take credit card payments and use the occassional money order. 
185 once these funds start flowing pay your taxes quarterly and make your business structure look even more sound. 
185 could continue this list and but with little research and effort you can lower your risk exposure immensly. 
185 all your interested large btc purchases you will have more creative. 
185 dont link those purchases you business account. 
185 depending your location you can find may buyers local btc willing take cash accept bank deposits. 
185 avoid chase they now require you the account your depositing into and require. 
186 the evolution forum both funny and dark for credit debit and store cards owners eye opener these fuckers can ruin your life with the right tools they have multiple listings for card numbers pins names and addresses. 
186 you can purchase paypal account for very little money that place must have all over has some surprising listings too for example mailing services one guy charges electronics for opening bubble mailer and dropping the letter inside into any mail box easy money. 
187 having the same problem and want ship orders. 
188 bitcoin fog still. 
188 info discontinued send shared some time ago and now only offers their coinjoin service shared coin. 
188 you use shared coin remember may inexpensive but not anonymous bitcoin fog coinjoin mixer the transaction chain never completely broken. 
188 just made highly ambiguous. 
189 prefer blockchain shared coin for financial reasons. 
189 its also generally much faster. 
189 for some reason have been having trouble with shared coin lately ive just been transferring market and trading the coin for fiat currency then eventually buying back btc for about. 
190 from missx march now any the new ccs start rival btc value will have entered the market base level. 
190 and cost yep gonna more research and find why some people say coinurl better than qoinpro. 
191 from mtwarning february amunsure why the article password protected but have from rss and going right ahead and repost here without the authors permission given this onion router hidden site and all. 
191 cant wait for that book. 
191 honestly dont think youre going hear from enterthematrix its password protected because could face contempt court charges for arguing the merits case before the courts. 
192 god damn miss ssbd. 
192 want get bunch people sign card somehow. 
192 how this can done havent gotten around yet. 
193 cant access agora this happened many times before but not many times much time cant access since hours more less and tryed access one time another and another. 
193 somebody have the same issue and one question why agora have much problems many times can connect somebody know this hope that after sleep when wake hours works fine because waiting for place order. 
193 use the same link always dont think that the problem its for that way surely the servers are overload many new users the market and they need more servers. 
194 tba nice little site but far from going down getting more orders than ever there. 
195 having the same problem and want ship orders. 
196 from missx march now any the new ccs start rival btc value will have entered the market base level. 
196 and cost yep gonna more research and find why some people say coinurl better than qoinpro. 
197 from trolltergeist march amsend the cash and ill distribute accordingly. 
197 numerous shell llcs good way. 
197 you get few. 
197 your partner get few. 
197 start making deposits your and each others accounts. 
197 make sure you mix the deposits and deposit locations. 
197 thats terrible idea for many reasons. 
198 from tub march amquote from trolltergeist march amsend the cash and ill distribute accordingly. 
198 numerous shell llcs good way. 
198 you get few. 
198 your partner get few. 
198 start making deposits your and each others accounts. 
198 make sure you mix the deposits and deposit locations. 
198 thats terrible idea for many reasons. 
199 this site could use some good darkmarkets promoting. 
199 shop has been increasing traffic started out with some sample type packs and almost every order was from customer with deals. 
199 time this site could super strong esp agora keeps getting attacked whatever the situation. 
200 cant access agora this happened many times before but not many times much time cant access since hours more less and tryed access one time another and another. 
200 somebody have the same issue and one question why agora have much problems many times can connect somebody know this hope that after sleep when wake hours works fine because waiting for place order. 
200 use the same link always dont think that the problem its for that way surely the servers are overload many new users the market and they need more servers. 
201 asking for legal advice from random druggies the internet. 
202 from mtwarning february amunsure why the article password protected but have from rss and going right ahead and repost here without the authors permission given this onion router hidden site and all. 
202 cant wait for that book. 
202 honestly dont think youre going hear from enterthematrix its password protected because could face contempt court charges for arguing the merits case before the courts. 
204 tba nice little site but far from going down getting more orders than ever there. 
205 from damiel march pmquote from raege march pmthe only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
205 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
205 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
205 same the occasional forced signout. 
205 have you noticed any pattern your activity that leads the forced signout keep thinking theres gotta something but dont have enough data points yet. 
205 for the most part the forced sign out has been random however have noticed higher correlation the forced sign outs occur near the time ordering product. 
206 its snappy only couple quarks and almsot always online. 
206 however seriously lacks traffic. 
207 this site could use some good darkmarkets promoting. 
207 shop has been increasing traffic started out with some sample type packs and almost every order was from customer with deals. 
207 time this site could super strong esp agora keeps getting attacked whatever the situation. 
208 there ways calledindian system cash cash and other option too. 
208 but australia europe kind country are. 
208 but the point trust. 
208 don know they would work with unnone person from the webphrpvn. 
209 from experience and seeing others. 
209 forming and llc not the worst way. 
209 depends several factors. 
209 the type business you say your selling stuffed animals and your company makes several hundred thousand that year will raise red flags. 
209 you will want pose tech company etc. 
209 taxes are not bad thing the slightest. 
209 you structure your llc the right way such abc llc taxed corp. 
209 you can legally generate yourself payroll and that taxation while your company taxed different rate. 
209 one advantage you keep your personal salary under the federal poverty line you can capitlize obamacare. 
209 seriously though you have that much money move your gonna want pay taxes and look like nice law abiding citizen. 
209 think the long game. 
209 never fall for the out state llc scam like the nevada corporation. 
209 forming out state country one the quickest ways get audited etc. 
209 vary how you take payments and make deposits. 
209 the you can make cash deposits use prepaid visa mastercards available any drugstore take credit card payments and use the occassional money order. 
209 once these funds start flowing pay your taxes quarterly and make your business structure look even more sound. 
209 could continue this list and but with little research and effort you can lower your risk exposure immensly. 
209 all your interested large btc purchases you will have more creative. 
209 dont link those purchases you business account. 
209 depending your location you can find may buyers local btc willing take cash accept bank deposits. 
209 avoid chase they now require you the account your depositing into and require. 
210 cant access agora this happened many times before but not many times much time cant access since hours more less and tryed access one time another and another. 
210 somebody have the same issue and one question why agora have much problems many times can connect somebody know this hope that after sleep when wake hours works fine because waiting for place order. 
210 use the same link always dont think that the problem its for that way surely the servers are overload many new users the market and they need more servers. 
211 from raege march amquote from damiel march pmquote from raege march pmthe only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
211 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
211 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
211 same the occasional forced signout. 
211 have you noticed any pattern your activity that leads the forced signout keep thinking theres gotta something but dont have enough data points yet. 
211 for the most part the forced sign out has been random however have noticed higher correlation the forced sign outs occur near the time ordering product. 
211 thats strange vend there and spend lot time the market becasue that and have yet signed out once. 
211 cant imagine just getting lucky there thing like the hub where you set certain ammount time keep you logged really just pullin straws here. 
211 other than that bug that you mention really havnt had much trouble all. 
211 bsm kicks ass for. 
212 from every march amits snappy only couple quarks and almsot always online. 
212 however seriously lacks traffic. 
212 yea have good days and bad days. 
212 think the owners are consistent putting out updates and adding features. 
212 simple things that just make safer market. 
212 this will lend itself useful when other markets cough agora pandora cough start break down. 
212 people will see that bsm has been running smoothly for months and start coming over. 
212 thats what hope least. 
212 some things sell pretty well though. 
213 from missx march now any the new ccs start rival btc value will have entered the market base level. 
213 and cost yep gonna more research and find why some people say coinurl better than qoinpro. 
214 previous post was mostly playing devils advocate. 
214 reality sure that the majority darknet email services log less information share less information and thus are more secure that way. 
214 youre using pgp then all theyll able see the pgp garbled text. 
214 but the big commercial email providers definitley scan every email and all kinds meta analysis. 
214 its for nothing other than advertising and that analysis never gets shared outside the company seems harmless. 
214 more than likely thats not the case though. 
214 but isnt email that doesnt any that stuff prefferable wonder deep dot web some other realted blog website has done comparison. 
215 one advantage see about using. 
215 onion email service you cant accidentally retrieve send email without tor. 
216 from tub march amquote from trolltergeist march amsend the cash and ill distribute accordingly. 
216 numerous shell llcs good way. 
216 you get few. 
216 your partner get few. 
216 start making deposits your and each others accounts. 
216 make sure you mix the deposits and deposit locations. 
216 thats terrible idea for many reasons. 
217 from trolltergeist march amsend the cash and ill distribute accordingly. 
217 numerous shell llcs good way. 
217 you get few. 
217 your partner get few. 
217 start making deposits your and each others accounts. 
217 make sure you mix the deposits and deposit locations. 
217 thats terrible idea for many reasons. 
218 was wondering about that actually. 
218 how safe using gmail yahoo email vendors but just encrypt messages with pgpwould that secure enough does have opened through tor though. 
219 theres point using some secret darknet mail service. 
219 you cant trust any service with your personal information always use encryption pgp. 
219 use safe mail. 
219 because they have easy signup sms etc and have very fast non javascript interface safe mail. 
219 net fastbut srsly dont trust any them. 
220 from mtwarning february amunsure why the article password protected but have from rss and going right ahead and repost here without the authors permission given this onion router hidden site and all. 
220 cant wait for that book. 
220 honestly dont think youre going hear from enterthematrix its password protected because could face contempt court charges for arguing the merits case before the courts. 
221 there ways calledindian system cash cash and other option too. 
221 but australia europe kind country are. 
221 but the point trust. 
221 don know they would work with unnone person from the webphrpvn. 
223 asking for legal advice from random druggies the internet. 
224 this site could use some good darkmarkets promoting. 
224 shop has been increasing traffic started out with some sample type packs and almost every order was from customer with deals. 
224 time this site could super strong esp agora keeps getting attacked whatever the situation. 
225 from tub march amquote from trolltergeist march amsend the cash and ill distribute accordingly. 
225 numerous shell llcs good way. 
225 you get few. 
225 your partner get few. 
225 start making deposits your and each others accounts. 
225 make sure you mix the deposits and deposit locations. 
225 thats terrible idea for many reasons. 
226 from trolltergeist march amsend the cash and ill distribute accordingly. 
226 numerous shell llcs good way. 
226 you get few. 
226 your partner get few. 
226 start making deposits your and each others accounts. 
226 make sure you mix the deposits and deposit locations. 
226 thats terrible idea for many reasons. 
227 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
228 the moment also cant get have been trying all morning. 
228 our shop still and running anybody desperate for anything. 
228 havent got round putting any listings pandora yet but hope asap. 
228 anyway fingers crossed for agora lets hope things get sorted soon. 
229 managed get about mins back and still have access. 
229 access getting bit spotty now though. 
229 really hope they get this sorted out soon. 
230 the evolution forum both funny and dark for credit debit and store cards owners eye opener these fuckers can ruin your life with the right tools they have multiple listings for card numbers pins names and addresses. 
230 you can purchase paypal account for very little money that place must have all over has some surprising listings too for example mailing services one guy charges electronics for opening bubble mailer and dropping the letter inside into any mail box easy money. 
231 from missx march now any the new ccs start rival btc value will have entered the market base level. 
231 and cost yep gonna more research and find why some people say coinurl better than qoinpro. 
232 please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
233 having the same problem and want ship orders. 
234 god damn miss ssbd. 
234 want get bunch people sign card somehow. 
234 how this can done havent gotten around yet. 
235 there's point using some secret darknet mail service. 
235 you can't trust any service with your personal information always use encryption pgp. 
235 use safe mail. 
235 because they have easy signup sms etc and have very fast non javascript interface safe mail. 
235 net fastbut srsly dont trust any them. 
236 was wondering about that actually. 
236 how safe using gmail yahoo email vendors but just encrypt messages with pgpwould that secure enough does have opened through tor though. 
237 one advantage see about using. 
237 onion email service you can't accidentally retrieve send email without tor. 
238 previous post was mostly playing devil's advocate. 
238 reality i'm sure that the majority darknet email services log less information share less information and thus are more secure that way. 
238 you're using pgp then all they'll able see the pgp garbled text. 
238 but the big commercial email providers definitley scan every email and all kinds meta analysis. 
238 its for nothing other than advertising and that analysis never gets shared outside the company seems harmless. 
238 more than likely that's not the case though. 
238 but isn't email that doesnt any that stuff prefferable wonder deep dot web some other realted blog website has done comparison. 
239 asking for legal advice from random druggies the internet. 
240 asking for legal advice from random druggies the internet. 
241 from mtwarning february amunsure why the article password protected but have from rss and going right ahead and repost here without the authors permission given this onion router hidden site and all. 
241 cant wait for that book. 
241 honestly dont think youre going hear from enterthematrix its password protected because could face contempt court charges for arguing the merits case before the courts. 
243 tba nice little site but far from going down getting more orders than ever there. 
244 from damiel march pmquote from raege march pmthe only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
244 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
244 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
244 same the occasional forced signout. 
244 have you noticed any pattern your activity that leads the forced signout keep thinking theres gotta something but dont have enough data points yet. 
244 for the most part the forced sign out has been random however have noticed higher correlation the forced sign outs occur near the time ordering product. 
245 its snappy only couple quarks and almsot always online. 
245 however seriously lacks traffic. 
246 this site could use some good darkmarkets promoting. 
246 shop has been increasing traffic started out with some sample type packs and almost every order was from customer with deals. 
246 time this site could super strong esp agora keeps getting attacked whatever the situation. 
247 there ways calledindian system cash cash and other option too. 
247 but australia europe kind country are. 
247 but the point trust. 
247 don know they would work with unnone person from the webphrpvn. 
248 from experience and seeing others. 
248 forming and llc not the worst way. 
248 depends several factors. 
248 the type business you say your selling stuffed animals and your company makes several hundred thousand that year will raise red flags. 
248 you will want pose tech company etc. 
248 taxes are not bad thing the slightest. 
248 you structure your llc the right way such abc llc taxed corp. 
248 you can legally generate yourself payroll and that taxation while your company taxed different rate. 
248 one advantage you keep your personal salary under the federal poverty line you can capitlize obamacare. 
248 seriously though you have that much money move your gonna want pay taxes and look like nice law abiding citizen. 
248 think the long game. 
248 never fall for the out state llc scam like the nevada corporation. 
248 forming out state country one the quickest ways get audited etc. 
248 vary how you take payments and make deposits. 
248 the you can make cash deposits use prepaid visa mastercards available any drugstore take credit card payments and use the occassional money order. 
248 once these funds start flowing pay your taxes quarterly and make your business structure look even more sound. 
248 could continue this list and but with little research and effort you can lower your risk exposure immensly. 
248 all your interested large btc purchases you will have more creative. 
248 dont link those purchases you business account. 
248 depending your location you can find may buyers local btc willing take cash accept bank deposits. 
248 avoid chase they now require you the account your depositing into and require. 
249 bitcoin fog still. 
249 info discontinued send shared some time ago and now only offers their coinjoin service shared coin. 
249 you use shared coin remember may inexpensive but not anonymous bitcoin fog coinjoin mixer the transaction chain never completely broken. 
249 just made highly ambiguous. 
250 prefer blockchain shared coin for financial reasons. 
250 its also generally much faster. 
250 for some reason have been having trouble with shared coin lately ive just been transferring market and trading the coin for fiat currency then eventually buying back btc for about. 
251 from every march amits snappy only couple quarks and almsot always online. 
251 however seriously lacks traffic. 
251 yea have good days and bad days. 
251 think the owners are consistent putting out updates and adding features. 
251 simple things that just make safer market. 
251 this will lend itself useful when other markets cough agora pandora cough start break down. 
251 people will see that bsm has been running smoothly for months and start coming over. 
251 thats what hope least. 
251 some things sell pretty well though. 
252 from raege march amquote from damiel march pmquote from raege march pmthe only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
252 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
252 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
252 same the occasional forced signout. 
252 have you noticed any pattern your activity that leads the forced signout keep thinking theres gotta something but dont have enough data points yet. 
252 for the most part the forced sign out has been random however have noticed higher correlation the forced sign outs occur near the time ordering product. 
252 thats strange vend there and spend lot time the market becasue that and have yet signed out once. 
252 cant imagine just getting lucky there thing like the hub where you set certain ammount time keep you logged really just pullin straws here. 
252 other than that bug that you mention really havnt had much trouble all. 
252 bsm kicks ass for. 
253 from tub march amquote from trolltergeist march amsend the cash and ill distribute accordingly. 
253 numerous shell llcs good way. 
253 you get few. 
253 your partner get few. 
253 start making deposits your and each others accounts. 
253 make sure you mix the deposits and deposit locations. 
253 thats terrible idea for many reasons. 
254 from trolltergeist march amsend the cash and ill distribute accordingly. 
254 numerous shell llcs good way. 
254 you get few. 
254 your partner get few. 
254 start making deposits your and each others accounts. 
254 make sure you mix the deposits and deposit locations. 
254 thats terrible idea for many reasons. 
255 the moment also cant get have been trying all morning. 
255 our shop still and running anybody desperate for anything. 
255 havent got round putting any listings pandora yet but hope asap. 
255 anyway fingers crossed for agora lets hope things get sorted soon. 
256 managed get about mins back and still have access. 
256 access getting bit spotty now though. 
256 really hope they get this sorted out soon. 
257 the evolution forum both funny and dark for credit debit and store cards owners eye opener these fuckers can ruin your life with the right tools they have multiple listings for card numbers pins names and addresses. 
257 you can purchase paypal account for very little money that place must have all over has some surprising listings too for example mailing services one guy charges electronics for opening bubble mailer and dropping the letter inside into any mail box easy money. 
258 from missx march now any the new ccs start rival btc value will have entered the market base level. 
258 and cost yep gonna more research and find why some people say coinurl better than qoinpro. 
259 tba nice little site but far from going down getting more orders than ever there. 
260 from damiel march pmquote from raege march pmthe only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
260 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
260 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
260 same the occasional forced signout. 
260 have you noticed any pattern your activity that leads the forced signout keep thinking theres gotta something but dont have enough data points yet. 
260 for the most part the forced sign out has been random however have noticed higher correlation the forced sign outs occur near the time ordering product. 
261 its snappy only couple quarks and almsot always online. 
261 however seriously lacks traffic. 
262 this site could use some good darkmarkets promoting. 
262 shop has been increasing traffic started out with some sample type packs and almost every order was from customer with deals. 
262 time this site could super strong esp agora keeps getting attacked whatever the situation. 
263 there ways calledindian system cash cash and other option too. 
263 but australia europe kind country are. 
263 but the point trust. 
263 don know they would work with unnone person from the webphrpvn. 
264 from experience and seeing others. 
264 forming and llc not the worst way. 
264 depends several factors. 
264 the type business you say your selling stuffed animals and your company makes several hundred thousand that year will raise red flags. 
264 you will want pose tech company etc. 
264 taxes are not bad thing the slightest. 
264 you structure your llc the right way such abc llc taxed corp. 
264 you can legally generate yourself payroll and that taxation while your company taxed different rate. 
264 one advantage you keep your personal salary under the federal poverty line you can capitlize obamacare. 
264 seriously though you have that much money move your gonna want pay taxes and look like nice law abiding citizen. 
264 think the long game. 
264 never fall for the out state llc scam like the nevada corporation. 
264 forming out state country one the quickest ways get audited etc. 
264 vary how you take payments and make deposits. 
264 the you can make cash deposits use prepaid visa mastercards available any drugstore take credit card payments and use the occassional money order. 
264 once these funds start flowing pay your taxes quarterly and make your business structure look even more sound. 
264 could continue this list and but with little research and effort you can lower your risk exposure immensly. 
264 all your interested large btc purchases you will have more creative. 
264 dont link those purchases you business account. 
264 depending your location you can find may buyers local btc willing take cash accept bank deposits. 
264 avoid chase they now require you the account your depositing into and require. 
265 bitcoin fog still. 
265 info discontinued send shared some time ago and now only offers their coinjoin service shared coin. 
265 you use shared coin remember may inexpensive but not anonymous bitcoin fog coinjoin mixer the transaction chain never completely broken. 
265 just made highly ambiguous. 
266 prefer blockchain shared coin for financial reasons. 
266 its also generally much faster. 
266 for some reason have been having trouble with shared coin lately ive just been transferring market and trading the coin for fiat currency then eventually buying back btc for about. 
267 from every march amits snappy only couple quarks and almsot always online. 
267 however seriously lacks traffic. 
267 yea have good days and bad days. 
267 think the owners are consistent putting out updates and adding features. 
267 simple things that just make safer market. 
267 this will lend itself useful when other markets cough agora pandora cough start break down. 
267 people will see that bsm has been running smoothly for months and start coming over. 
267 thats what hope least. 
267 some things sell pretty well though. 
268 from raege march amquote from damiel march pmquote from raege march pmthe only negative experience ive had with bsm while browsing the market every often ill randomly get signed out and have sign back. 
268 figure its probably just bug somewhere and dont think its big issue. 
268 once while ive had sign times within minute session. 
268 same the occasional forced signout. 
268 have you noticed any pattern your activity that leads the forced signout keep thinking theres gotta something but dont have enough data points yet. 
268 for the most part the forced sign out has been random however have noticed higher correlation the forced sign outs occur near the time ordering product. 
268 thats strange vend there and spend lot time the market becasue that and have yet signed out once. 
268 cant imagine just getting lucky there thing like the hub where you set certain ammount time keep you logged really just pullin straws here. 
268 other than that bug that you mention really havnt had much trouble all. 
268 bsm kicks ass for. 
269 from tub march amquote from trolltergeist march amsend the cash and ill distribute accordingly. 
269 numerous shell llcs good way. 
269 you get few. 
269 your partner get few. 
269 start making deposits your and each others accounts. 
269 make sure you mix the deposits and deposit locations. 
269 thats terrible idea for many reasons. 
270 from trolltergeist march amsend the cash and ill distribute accordingly. 
270 numerous shell llcs good way. 
270 you get few. 
270 your partner get few. 
270 start making deposits your and each others accounts. 
270 make sure you mix the deposits and deposit locations. 
270 thats terrible idea for many reasons. 
271 the moment also cant get have been trying all morning. 
271 our shop still and running anybody desperate for anything. 
271 havent got round putting any listings pandora yet but hope asap. 
271 anyway fingers crossed for agora lets hope things get sorted soon. 
272 managed get about mins back and still have access. 
272 access getting bit spotty now though. 
272 really hope they get this sorted out soon. 
273 the evolution forum both funny and dark for credit debit and store cards owners eye opener these fuckers can ruin your life with the right tools they have multiple listings for card numbers pins names and addresses. 
273 you can purchase paypal account for very little money that place must have all over has some surprising listings too for example mailing services one guy charges electronics for opening bubble mailer and dropping the letter inside into any mail box easy money. 
274 from missx march now any the new ccs start rival btc value will have entered the market base level. 
274 and cost yep gonna more research and find why some people say coinurl better than qoinpro. 
275 from wallstreetx march ambsm does not currently have forum which probably why the site runs flawless. 
275 they have all the time the world focus security and the stability the site. 
275 thank you for the info and loving bsm. 
276 starting get slightly annoying. 
277 does everyone understand. 
278 from aquaman march amnever. 
278 does everyone understand. 
279 not strictly true. 
279 depends number factors and huge variance observable different brands ram. 
279 freeze and many brands hold long enough dump. 
279 tried modern laptops recently with truecrypt and safeboot both gave the keys without difficulty. 
279 choose linux kernel with tresor which stores the keys the cpu debug registers instead ram. 
280 tell them what they have done. 
280 they should create new key pair. 
281 cant access now either dont know what happening and want access send bitcoins escrow and place order but with this problem send bitcoins its risk because the site sometimes open but much times not and that frustrating really. 
281 love agora hope that they fix this problem soon. 
282 working again now. 
282 ddos attacks seems. 
282 comes and goes but seems like agora the most reliable market out there now. 
283 agora opens now. 
284 took look blue sky not very busy yet and they want. 
284 btc open vendor account. 
284 good looking site though. 
285 all good advise thank you currently only doing the html css aspect websites know not qualifed for security. 
286 bsm does not currently have forum which probably why the site runs flawless. 
286 they have all the time the world focus security and the stability the site. 
287 from wallstreetx march ambsm does not currently have forum which probably why the site runs flawless. 
287 they have all the time the world focus security and the stability the site. 
287 would have agree here. 
287 agora and both show their ass shit sites bsm will still standing. 
287 the security point like magic johnson. 
288 who the peoples choice for vending cocaine done with. 
289 their private key compromised need tell them immediately can anyone offer any hindsight this meerkovo. 
290 long they have password their key think basically all pgp clients enforce this you would have brute force the password get true key. 
290 however brute force attack against weak passphrase entirely possible. 
290 the key has been any keyserver revocation certificate should issued and uploaded. 
290 hasnt getting revocation certificate generated asap would good idea. 
290 then toss that key and create new one. 
290 this why before sending pgp encrypted message you always check either listing the packets attempting decrypt yourself make sure that have sent the right things the right individuals. 
291 get this but pgp has private key public key and password. 
291 send each public keys. 
291 sound like noob but have point make the mistake sending private addition the public key gave both keys. 
291 but the keys his keyring are password protected the very have both how would still able decrypt messages. 
292 managed get yesterday for little while but can not get today. 
292 just note customer who may have placed order with can not get logged before will unable get the order shipped out today. 
292 same yesterday you are desperate for anything are also available. 
293 one person says this happening and gets attacked the admins the forum. 
293 then bunch other people chime that they are getting screwed over too and reply. 
294 watch out vendors pandora taking comission any sale smells like the next sheep coming arround the corner. 
296 from aquaman march amwell then. 
296 who the peoples choice for vending cocaine done with. 
296 there couple people with good reps for blow. 
296 think and another guy who has been other markets ive seen just cant remember his name the feedback system good and with escrow most vendors its not crap shoot like agora pandora. 
296 boy how those two sites folded under the added weight downfall. 
296 bsm has had nice long growing period get all situated and strong. 
297 mucho gusto senor. 
297 been bent over times lately. 
297 not noob either. 
297 multiple orders are cool thne bam they fold tent and haul ass. 
298 deleted your post. 
298 might good idea create new key and only post the public key next time. 
299 just found this service that seems pretty trustworthy. 
299 its called bitblender and looks promising. 
299 this not endorsement dont know the owners this site and not vouch for them. 
299 use your own risk. 
299 onion indexhere thread over the forums where the owner the site introduced the service. 
299 the thread began review another service bitlaunder that appears either really crummy scam. 
299 allps really digging this forums functionality. 
301 tor that effective when comes wallets and anonymity understanding tor only disguises the activity youre doing but anyone whos eavesdropping the exit node can get pretty easily. 
301 use tor for electrum wallet the electrum servers may not know where the coins came from but can always know watching the exit nodes. 
301 could really haha guess too paranoid. 
301 from crepuscular february pmbut for people who may have trouble getting coins that are totally unlinked them. 
301 maybe some information about different tumbling options advantages disadvantages current status reputation etc. 
301 btw second this. 
301 think about new tumbling methods since btcfog least according what read reddit latelz being sketchy fuck. 
302 accidentally posted private key while trying figure everything out with pgp and cannot edit post. 
302 did just fuck security horribly. 
303 org clearnet tor browser. 
303 releasedposted march mikeperryin tbb tbb. 
303 tor browser tor browser bundlethe. 
303 stable release the tor browser bundle now available the download page. 
303 you can also download the bundles directly from the distribution directory. 
303 this release also includes important security updates firefox. 
303 reminder this the stable series the tor browser bundle. 
303 does not include the pluggable transport support mentioned the. 
303 release post and this release macos archives are still zip format. 
303 you would like those features encourage you use. 
303 beta instead and report any issues you encounter. 
303 here the complete changelog for. 
303 all platforms update firefox. 
303 esr update torbutton. 
303 bug fix browser freeze due content type sniffing bug add swedish extra locales update update noscript. 
303 bug disable the media cache prevent disk leaks for videos bug force the default charset avoid locale fingerprinting bug update gitian fix lxc build issues for non kvm builders linux bug fix keyboard input ubuntu. 
303 bug provide debug symbols for tor browser binary bug pass arguments the browser from linux startup script list frequently encountered known issues with the tor browser can found our bugtracker. 
303 please check that list and help diagnose and arrive solutions for those issues before contacting support. 
303 mikeperrys blog commenttails. 
303 outposted march tailsin anonymous operating system tails tails releasestails the amnesic incognito live system version. 
303 all users must upgrade soon possible this release fixes numerous security issues. 
303 changesnotable user visible changes include security fixes upgrade the web browser. 
303 esr tails bpo firefox. 
303 esr iceweasel patches torbrowser patches. 
303 major new features spoof the network interfaces mac address default. 
303 can disabled tails greeter. 
303 rework the way configure how tor connects the network using bridges proxies and restrictive firewalls. 
303 this option can set from tails greeter and replaces the old experimental bridge mode feature. 
303 bugfixes additional software not crash when persistence disabled. 
303 that fixes some regressions introduced the. 
303 wait for tor have fully bootstrapped plus bit more time before checking for upgrades and unfixed known security issues. 
303 disable the intel management engine interface driver. 
303 dont need tails might dangerous and causes bugs various hardware such systems that reboot when asked shut down. 
303 add launcher for the tails documentation. 
303 this makes available windows camouflage mode. 
303 remove the obsolete wikileaks. 
303 account from pidgin. 
303 minor improvements upgrade tor. 
303 install bit kernel instead the pae one. 
303 this necessary first step towards uefi boot support. 
303 install monkeysign not functional shape yet. 
303 disable the autologin text consoles. 
303 this was one the blockers before screen saver can installed meaningful way. 
303 dont localize the text consoles anymore broken wheezy the intended users can well use loadkeys and now not have trust setupcon safe for being run root the desktop user. 
303 make possible manually start ibus. 
303 reintroduce the possibility switch identities the tor browser using filtering proxy front the tor controlport avoid giving full control over tor the desktop user. 
303 incremental upgrades improvements drop the tails upgrader launcher limit users confusion. 
303 lock down sudo credentials bit. 
303 hide debugging information. 
303 xsession errors whisperback bug reports. 
303 this captures the tails upgrader errors and debugging information. 
303 report more precisely why incremental upgrade cannot done. 
303 various user interface and phrasing improvements. 
303 dont install the cookie monster browser extension. 
303 add browser bookmark pointing tors stack exchange. 
303 remove the preconfigured tor channel from the pidgin apparently too many tails users ask tails questions there without making clear that they are running tails hence creating user support nightmare. 
303 use most tor browsers mozconfig. 
303 rebase the browser top iceweasel. 
303 esr get the certificate authorities added debian back. 
303 give access the relevant documentation pages from tails greeter. 
303 hide tails greeters password mismatch warning when entry changed. 
303 persistent volume assistant take into account our installer now called tails installer. 
303 optimize window height. 
303 display device paths more user friendly way. 
303 see the online changelog for technical details. 
303 known issues longstanding known issues. 
303 want try upgrade the download page. 
303 software ever perfect maintain list problems that affects the last release tails. 
303 whats coming the next tails release scheduled for april. 
303 have look our roadmap see where are heading. 
303 would you want help there are many ways you can contribute tails. 
303 you want help come talk support and feedbackfor support and feedback visit the support section the tails website. 
304 just used bitcoin blender for small amount coin under and worked. 
304 the whole process took under hour. 
305 looks like hes his way the. 
305 com world mar australian waives extradition rights over silk road charges usquotean australian man accused helping run the online drug silk road has waived his extradition rights paving the way for him face charges the conspiracy launder money. 
305 former queensland prison employee peter phillip nash appeared the brisbane magistrates court wednesday. 
305 extradition can ahead once the commonwealth attorney general approves. 
305 nash who worked for brisbane prison forensic disability service was arrested australian federal police december. 
305 prosecutors allege was the primary moderator for discussion forums the silk road website. 
305 the site was used drug dealers distribute hundreds kilograms illicit drugs more than buyers worldwide. 
305 nash was allegedly employed silk road san francisco based owner ross william ulbricht since january. 
305 prosecutors say went the aliases batman and. 
305 and two other alleged silk road employees have been charged with one count conspiracy launder money which carries maximum sentence years the. 
305 the trio also charged with narcotics and computer hacking offences. 
305 queensland government gazette published october shows that nash had been employed the wacol prison forensic disability service for intellectually disabled inmates. 
306 think done with agora. 
306 this access shit for the birds. 
307 was wondering there was forum for bsm could you please provide the link where can find. 
308 from wallstreetx march ambsm does not currently have forum which probably why the site runs flawless. 
308 they have all the time the world focus security and the stability the site. 
308 thank you for the info and loving bsm. 
309 think done with agora. 
309 this access shit for the birds. 
310 just found this service that seems pretty trustworthy. 
310 its called bitblender and looks promising. 
310 this not endorsement dont know the owners this site and not vouch for them. 
310 use your own risk. 
310 onion indexhere thread over the forums where the owner the site introduced the service. 
310 the thread began review another service bitlaunder that appears either really crummy scam. 
310 allps really digging this forums functionality. 
311 totally agree that market needs built from ground specifically not using any third party modules frameworks especially open source market software. 
312 just used bitcoin blender for small amount coin under and worked. 
312 the whole process took under hour. 
313 hey all have not been the hub for while more active reddit. 
313 thanks for the comments good and bad are all positive. 
313 ive taken bunch comments board and have implemented lot ideas. 
313 all changes are the homepage change log. 
313 keep mind your next order you are looking somewhere sell feel free contact via the support link your cloud nine account. 
314 post from reddit just finished update where vendors can have their own urls and stores. 
314 bviaqyj obc vhn. 
314 bviaqyj obc vhn. 
314 onion create store vendors just need choose name from their profile and the store made. 
314 customers wont see any other products search when visiting your store. 
314 also thinking letting vendors only have items only shown their store and not search specials etc. 
314 well branding the store page some extent. 
314 let know what you guys think. 
315 cant access now either dont know what happening and want access send bitcoins escrow and place order but with this problem send bitcoins its risk because the site sometimes open but much times not and that frustrating really. 
315 love agora hope that they fix this problem soon. 
316 working again now. 
316 ddos attacks seems. 
316 comes and goes but seems like agora the most reliable market out there now. 
317 starting get slightly annoying. 
318 agora opens now. 
319 does everyone understand. 
320 totally agree that market needs built from ground specifically not using any third party modules frameworks especially open source market software. 
321 agora opens now. 
322 starting get slightly annoying. 
323 working again now. 
323 ddos attacks seems. 
323 comes and goes but seems like agora the most reliable market out there now. 
324 cant access now either dont know what happening and want access send bitcoins escrow and place order but with this problem send bitcoins its risk because the site sometimes open but much times not and that frustrating really. 
324 love agora hope that they fix this problem soon. 
325 bsm does not currently have forum which probably why the site runs flawless. 
325 they have all the time the world focus security and the stability the site. 
326 from wallstreetx march ambsm does not currently have forum which probably why the site runs flawless. 
326 they have all the time the world focus security and the stability the site. 
326 would have agree here. 
326 agora and both show their ass shit sites bsm will still standing. 
326 the security point like magic johnson. 
327 from aquaman march amnever. 
327 does everyone understand. 
328 think done with agora. 
328 this access shit for the birds. 
329 over the past few days pandora has raised commission rates. 
329 has moved the evolution marketplace. 
329 onion profile and. 
329 onion vendor where you can find. 
329 for background lease check. 
329 com darknetmarkets comments pandora comission vendors buyers unable. 
329 msg msg hope pandora fixes this mistake but does not appear that they are reponsive. 
329 too bad for all the feedback built. 
329 for all pandora customers thanks lot was mostly pleasure doing business and well meet again agora and evolutionyours max. 
330 one person says this happening and gets attacked the admins the forum. 
330 then bunch other people chime that they are getting screwed over too and reply. 
331 watch out vendors pandora taking comission any sale smells like the next sheep coming arround the corner. 
332 from wallstreetx march ambsm does not currently have forum which probably why the site runs flawless. 
332 they have all the time the world focus security and the stability the site. 
332 thank you for the info and loving bsm. 
333 says they are over items drugs and when hit the button displays around items and cant click next site something like this. 
333 just get this items and nothing more. 
333 this the badest search engine have ever seen finally stupid for living this world stupid pls help. 
334 post from reddit just finished update where vendors can have their own urls and stores. 
334 bviaqyj obc vhn. 
334 bviaqyj obc vhn. 
334 onion create store vendors just need choose name from their profile and the store made. 
334 customers wont see any other products search when visiting your store. 
334 also thinking letting vendors only have items only shown their store and not search specials etc. 
334 well branding the store page some extent. 
334 let know what you guys think. 
335 hey all have not been the hub for while more active reddit. 
335 thanks for the comments good and bad are all positive. 
335 ive taken bunch comments board and have implemented lot ideas. 
335 all changes are the homepage change log. 
335 keep mind your next order you are looking somewhere sell feel free contact via the support link your cloud nine account. 
336 not strictly true. 
336 depends number factors and huge variance observable different brands ram. 
336 freeze and many brands hold long enough dump. 
336 tried modern laptops recently with truecrypt and safeboot both gave the keys without difficulty. 
336 choose linux kernel with tresor which stores the keys the cpu debug registers instead ram. 
337 org clearnet tor browser. 
337 releasedposted march mikeperryin tbb tbb. 
337 tor browser tor browser bundlethe. 
337 stable release the tor browser bundle now available the download page. 
337 you can also download the bundles directly from the distribution directory. 
337 this release also includes important security updates firefox. 
337 reminder this the stable series the tor browser bundle. 
337 does not include the pluggable transport support mentioned the. 
337 release post and this release macos archives are still zip format. 
337 you would like those features encourage you use. 
337 beta instead and report any issues you encounter. 
337 here the complete changelog for. 
337 all platforms update firefox. 
337 esr update torbutton. 
337 bug fix browser freeze due content type sniffing bug add swedish extra locales update update noscript. 
337 bug disable the media cache prevent disk leaks for videos bug force the default charset avoid locale fingerprinting bug update gitian fix lxc build issues for non kvm builders linux bug fix keyboard input ubuntu. 
337 bug provide debug symbols for tor browser binary bug pass arguments the browser from linux startup script list frequently encountered known issues with the tor browser can found our bugtracker. 
337 please check that list and help diagnose and arrive solutions for those issues before contacting support. 
337 mikeperrys blog commenttails. 
337 outposted march tailsin anonymous operating system tails tails releasestails the amnesic incognito live system version. 
337 all users must upgrade soon possible this release fixes numerous security issues. 
337 changesnotable user visible changes include security fixes upgrade the web browser. 
337 esr tails bpo firefox. 
337 esr iceweasel patches torbrowser patches. 
337 major new features spoof the network interfaces mac address default. 
337 can disabled tails greeter. 
337 rework the way configure how tor connects the network using bridges proxies and restrictive firewalls. 
337 this option can set from tails greeter and replaces the old experimental bridge mode feature. 
337 bugfixes additional software not crash when persistence disabled. 
337 that fixes some regressions introduced the. 
337 wait for tor have fully bootstrapped plus bit more time before checking for upgrades and unfixed known security issues. 
337 disable the intel management engine interface driver. 
337 dont need tails might dangerous and causes bugs various hardware such systems that reboot when asked shut down. 
337 add launcher for the tails documentation. 
337 this makes available windows camouflage mode. 
337 remove the obsolete wikileaks. 
337 account from pidgin. 
337 minor improvements upgrade tor. 
337 install bit kernel instead the pae one. 
337 this necessary first step towards uefi boot support. 
337 install monkeysign not functional shape yet. 
337 disable the autologin text consoles. 
337 this was one the blockers before screen saver can installed meaningful way. 
337 dont localize the text consoles anymore broken wheezy the intended users can well use loadkeys and now not have trust setupcon safe for being run root the desktop user. 
337 make possible manually start ibus. 
337 reintroduce the possibility switch identities the tor browser using filtering proxy front the tor controlport avoid giving full control over tor the desktop user. 
337 incremental upgrades improvements drop the tails upgrader launcher limit users confusion. 
337 lock down sudo credentials bit. 
337 hide debugging information. 
337 xsession errors whisperback bug reports. 
337 this captures the tails upgrader errors and debugging information. 
337 report more precisely why incremental upgrade cannot done. 
337 various user interface and phrasing improvements. 
337 dont install the cookie monster browser extension. 
337 add browser bookmark pointing tors stack exchange. 
337 remove the preconfigured tor channel from the pidgin apparently too many tails users ask tails questions there without making clear that they are running tails hence creating user support nightmare. 
337 use most tor browsers mozconfig. 
337 rebase the browser top iceweasel. 
337 esr get the certificate authorities added debian back. 
337 give access the relevant documentation pages from tails greeter. 
337 hide tails greeters password mismatch warning when entry changed. 
337 persistent volume assistant take into account our installer now called tails installer. 
337 optimize window height. 
337 display device paths more user friendly way. 
337 see the online changelog for technical details. 
337 known issues longstanding known issues. 
337 want try upgrade the download page. 
337 software ever perfect maintain list problems that affects the last release tails. 
337 whats coming the next tails release scheduled for april. 
337 have look our roadmap see where are heading. 
337 would you want help there are many ways you can contribute tails. 
337 you want help come talk support and feedbackfor support and feedback visit the support section the tails website. 
338 was wondering there was forum for bsm could you please provide the link where can find. 
340 took look blue sky not very busy yet and they want. 
340 btc open vendor account. 
340 good looking site though. 
341 their private key compromised need tell them immediately can anyone offer any hindsight this meerkovo. 
342 totally agree that market needs built from ground specifically not using any third party modules frameworks especially open source market software. 
343 does everyone understand. 
344 think done with agora. 
344 this access shit for the birds. 
345 from aquaman march amnever. 
345 does everyone understand. 
346 just found this service that seems pretty trustworthy. 
346 its called bitblender and looks promising. 
346 this not endorsement dont know the owners this site and not vouch for them. 
346 use your own risk. 
346 onion indexhere thread over the forums where the owner the site introduced the service. 
346 the thread began review another service bitlaunder that appears either really crummy scam. 
346 allps really digging this forums functionality. 
347 agora opens now. 
348 starting get slightly annoying. 
349 working again now. 
349 ddos attacks seems. 
349 comes and goes but seems like agora the most reliable market out there now. 
350 cant access now either dont know what happening and want access send bitcoins escrow and place order but with this problem send bitcoins its risk because the site sometimes open but much times not and that frustrating really. 
350 love agora hope that they fix this problem soon. 
351 tor that effective when comes wallets and anonymity understanding tor only disguises the activity youre doing but anyone whos eavesdropping the exit node can get pretty easily. 
351 use tor for electrum wallet the electrum servers may not know where the coins came from but can always know watching the exit nodes. 
351 could really haha guess too paranoid. 
351 from crepuscular february pmbut for people who may have trouble getting coins that are totally unlinked them. 
351 maybe some information about different tumbling options advantages disadvantages current status reputation etc. 
351 btw second this. 
351 think about new tumbling methods since btcfog least according what read reddit latelz being sketchy fuck. 
353 was wondering there was forum for bsm could you please provide the link where can find. 
354 says they are over items drugs and when hit the button displays around items and cant click next site something like this. 
354 just get this items and nothing more. 
354 this the badest search engine have ever seen finally stupid for living this world stupid pls help. 
355 hey all have not been the hub for while more active reddit. 
355 thanks for the comments good and bad are all positive. 
355 ive taken bunch comments board and have implemented lot ideas. 
355 all changes are the homepage change log. 
355 keep mind your next order you are looking somewhere sell feel free contact via the support link your cloud nine account. 
356 post from reddit just finished update where vendors can have their own urls and stores. 
356 bviaqyj obc vhn. 
356 bviaqyj obc vhn. 
356 onion create store vendors just need choose name from their profile and the store made. 
356 customers wont see any other products search when visiting your store. 
356 also thinking letting vendors only have items only shown their store and not search specials etc. 
356 well branding the store page some extent. 
356 let know what you guys think. 
357 from aquaman march amwell then. 
357 who the peoples choice for vending cocaine done with. 
357 there couple people with good reps for blow. 
357 think and another guy who has been other markets ive seen just cant remember his name the feedback system good and with escrow most vendors its not crap shoot like agora pandora. 
357 boy how those two sites folded under the added weight downfall. 
357 bsm has had nice long growing period get all situated and strong. 
358 mucho gusto senor. 
358 been bent over times lately. 
358 not noob either. 
358 multiple orders are cool thne bam they fold tent and haul ass. 
359 deleted your post. 
359 might good idea create new key and only post the public key next time. 
360 bsm does not currently have forum which probably why the site runs flawless. 
360 they have all the time the world focus security and the stability the site. 
361 from wallstreetx march ambsm does not currently have forum which probably why the site runs flawless. 
361 they have all the time the world focus security and the stability the site. 
361 would have agree here. 
361 agora and both show their ass shit sites bsm will still standing. 
361 the security point like magic johnson. 
362 tell them what they have done. 
362 they should create new key pair. 
363 watch out vendors pandora taking comission any sale smells like the next sheep coming arround the corner. 
364 one person says this happening and gets attacked the admins the forum. 
364 then bunch other people chime that they are getting screwed over too and reply. 
365 over the past few days pandora has raised commission rates. 
365 has moved the evolution marketplace. 
365 onion profile and. 
365 onion vendor where you can find. 
365 for background lease check. 
365 com darknetmarkets comments pandora comission vendors buyers unable. 
365 msg msg hope pandora fixes this mistake but does not appear that they are reponsive. 
365 too bad for all the feedback built. 
365 for all pandora customers thanks lot was mostly pleasure doing business and well meet again agora and evolutionyours max. 
366 totally agree that market needs built from ground specifically not using any third party modules frameworks especially open source market software. 
367 over the past few days pandora has raised commission rates. 
367 has moved the evolution marketplace. 
367 onion profile and. 
367 onion vendor where you can find. 
367 for background lease check. 
367 com darknetmarkets comments pandora comission vendors buyers unable. 
367 msg msg hope pandora fixes this mistake but does not appear that they are reponsive. 
367 too bad for all the feedback built. 
367 for all pandora customers thanks lot was mostly pleasure doing business and well meet again agora and evolutionyours max. 
368 but guys honestly since market works only with escrow. 
368 only legit vendors over there. 
368 and thats what buyers want. 
368 just need few more honest vendors over there. 
368 and let scammers scamming markets. 
369 some functions are really well and think point transactions isnt the grahics but the outcome. 
369 really deserves much more attention. 
370 was wondering there was forum for bsm could you please provide the link where can find. 
371 hey all have not been the hub for while more active reddit. 
371 thanks for the comments good and bad are all positive. 
371 ive taken bunch comments board and have implemented lot ideas. 
371 all changes are the homepage change log. 
371 keep mind your next order you are looking somewhere sell feel free contact via the support link your cloud nine account. 
372 post from reddit just finished update where vendors can have their own urls and stores. 
372 bviaqyj obc vhn. 
372 bviaqyj obc vhn. 
372 onion create store vendors just need choose name from their profile and the store made. 
372 customers wont see any other products search when visiting your store. 
372 also thinking letting vendors only have items only shown their store and not search specials etc. 
372 well branding the store page some extent. 
372 let know what you guys think. 
374 says they are over items drugs and when hit the button displays around items and cant click next site something like this. 
374 just get this items and nothing more. 
374 this the badest search engine have ever seen finally stupid for living this world stupid pls help. 
375 from wallstreetx march ambsm does not currently have forum which probably why the site runs flawless. 
375 they have all the time the world focus security and the stability the site. 
375 thank you for the info and loving bsm. 
376 starting get slightly annoying. 
377 does everyone understand. 
378 from aquaman march amnever. 
378 does everyone understand. 
379 not strictly true. 
379 depends number factors and huge variance observable different brands ram. 
379 freeze and many brands hold long enough dump. 
379 tried modern laptops recently with truecrypt and safeboot both gave the keys without difficulty. 
379 choose linux kernel with tresor which stores the keys the cpu debug registers instead ram. 
380 tell them what they have done. 
380 they should create new key pair. 
381 some functions are really well and think point transactions isnt the grahics but the outcome. 
381 really deserves much more attention. 
382 but guys honestly since market works only with escrow. 
382 only legit vendors over there. 
382 and thats what buyers want. 
382 just need few more honest vendors over there. 
382 and let scammers scamming markets. 
383 looks like hes his way the. 
383 com world mar australian waives extradition rights over silk road charges usquotean australian man accused helping run the online drug silk road has waived his extradition rights paving the way for him face charges the conspiracy launder money. 
383 former queensland prison employee peter phillip nash appeared the brisbane magistrates court wednesday. 
383 extradition can ahead once the commonwealth attorney general approves. 
383 nash who worked for brisbane prison forensic disability service was arrested australian federal police december. 
383 prosecutors allege was the primary moderator for discussion forums the silk road website. 
383 the site was used drug dealers distribute hundreds kilograms illicit drugs more than buyers worldwide. 
383 nash was allegedly employed silk road san francisco based owner ross william ulbricht since january. 
383 prosecutors say went the aliases batman and. 
383 and two other alleged silk road employees have been charged with one count conspiracy launder money which carries maximum sentence years the. 
383 the trio also charged with narcotics and computer hacking offences. 
383 queensland government gazette published october shows that nash had been employed the wacol prison forensic disability service for intellectually disabled inmates. 
384 managed get yesterday for little while but can not get today. 
384 just note customer who may have placed order with can not get logged before will unable get the order shipped out today. 
384 same yesterday you are desperate for anything are also available. 
386 deleted your post. 
386 might good idea create new key and only post the public key next time. 
387 accidentally posted private key while trying figure everything out with pgp and cannot edit post. 
387 did just fuck security horribly. 
389 who the peoples choice for vending cocaine done with. 
390 bsm does not currently have forum which probably why the site runs flawless. 
390 they have all the time the world focus security and the stability the site. 
391 from wallstreetx march ambsm does not currently have forum which probably why the site runs flawless. 
391 they have all the time the world focus security and the stability the site. 
391 would have agree here. 
391 agora and both show their ass shit sites bsm will still standing. 
391 the security point like magic johnson. 
392 from aquaman march amnever. 
392 does everyone understand. 
393 think done with agora. 
393 this access shit for the birds. 
394 over the past few days pandora has raised commission rates. 
394 has moved the evolution marketplace. 
394 onion profile and. 
394 onion vendor where you can find. 
394 for background lease check. 
394 com darknetmarkets comments pandora comission vendors buyers unable. 
394 msg msg hope pandora fixes this mistake but does not appear that they are reponsive. 
394 too bad for all the feedback built. 
394 for all pandora customers thanks lot was mostly pleasure doing business and well meet again agora and evolutionyours max. 
395 one person says this happening and gets attacked the admins the forum. 
395 then bunch other people chime that they are getting screwed over too and reply. 
396 watch out vendors pandora taking comission any sale smells like the next sheep coming arround the corner. 
397 from wallstreetx march ambsm does not currently have forum which probably why the site runs flawless. 
397 they have all the time the world focus security and the stability the site. 
397 thank you for the info and loving bsm. 
398 says they are over items drugs and when hit the button displays around items and cant click next site something like this. 
398 just get this items and nothing more. 
398 this the badest search engine have ever seen finally stupid for living this world stupid pls help. 
399 post from reddit just finished update where vendors can have their own urls and stores. 
399 bviaqyj obc vhn. 
399 bviaqyj obc vhn. 
399 onion create store vendors just need choose name from their profile and the store made. 
399 customers wont see any other products search when visiting your store. 
399 also thinking letting vendors only have items only shown their store and not search specials etc. 
399 well branding the store page some extent. 
399 let know what you guys think. 
400 hey all have not been the hub for while more active reddit. 
400 thanks for the comments good and bad are all positive. 
400 ive taken bunch comments board and have implemented lot ideas. 
400 all changes are the homepage change log. 
400 keep mind your next order you are looking somewhere sell feel free contact via the support link your cloud nine account. 
401 not strictly true. 
401 depends number factors and huge variance observable different brands ram. 
401 freeze and many brands hold long enough dump. 
401 tried modern laptops recently with truecrypt and safeboot both gave the keys without difficulty. 
401 choose linux kernel with tresor which stores the keys the cpu debug registers instead ram. 
402 org clearnet tor browser. 
402 releasedposted march mikeperryin tbb tbb. 
402 tor browser tor browser bundlethe. 
402 stable release the tor browser bundle now available the download page. 
402 you can also download the bundles directly from the distribution directory. 
402 this release also includes important security updates firefox. 
402 reminder this the stable series the tor browser bundle. 
402 does not include the pluggable transport support mentioned the. 
402 release post and this release macos archives are still zip format. 
402 you would like those features encourage you use. 
402 beta instead and report any issues you encounter. 
402 here the complete changelog for. 
402 all platforms update firefox. 
402 esr update torbutton. 
402 bug fix browser freeze due content type sniffing bug add swedish extra locales update update noscript. 
402 bug disable the media cache prevent disk leaks for videos bug force the default charset avoid locale fingerprinting bug update gitian fix lxc build issues for non kvm builders linux bug fix keyboard input ubuntu. 
402 bug provide debug symbols for tor browser binary bug pass arguments the browser from linux startup script list frequently encountered known issues with the tor browser can found our bugtracker. 
402 please check that list and help diagnose and arrive solutions for those issues before contacting support. 
402 mikeperrys blog commenttails. 
402 outposted march tailsin anonymous operating system tails tails releasestails the amnesic incognito live system version. 
402 all users must upgrade soon possible this release fixes numerous security issues. 
402 changesnotable user visible changes include security fixes upgrade the web browser. 
402 esr tails bpo firefox. 
402 esr iceweasel patches torbrowser patches. 
402 major new features spoof the network interfaces mac address default. 
402 can disabled tails greeter. 
402 rework the way configure how tor connects the network using bridges proxies and restrictive firewalls. 
402 this option can set from tails greeter and replaces the old experimental bridge mode feature. 
402 bugfixes additional software not crash when persistence disabled. 
402 that fixes some regressions introduced the. 
402 wait for tor have fully bootstrapped plus bit more time before checking for upgrades and unfixed known security issues. 
402 disable the intel management engine interface driver. 
402 dont need tails might dangerous and causes bugs various hardware such systems that reboot when asked shut down. 
402 add launcher for the tails documentation. 
402 this makes available windows camouflage mode. 
402 remove the obsolete wikileaks. 
402 account from pidgin. 
402 minor improvements upgrade tor. 
402 install bit kernel instead the pae one. 
402 this necessary first step towards uefi boot support. 
402 install monkeysign not functional shape yet. 
402 disable the autologin text consoles. 
402 this was one the blockers before screen saver can installed meaningful way. 
402 dont localize the text consoles anymore broken wheezy the intended users can well use loadkeys and now not have trust setupcon safe for being run root the desktop user. 
402 make possible manually start ibus. 
402 reintroduce the possibility switch identities the tor browser using filtering proxy front the tor controlport avoid giving full control over tor the desktop user. 
402 incremental upgrades improvements drop the tails upgrader launcher limit users confusion. 
402 lock down sudo credentials bit. 
402 hide debugging information. 
402 xsession errors whisperback bug reports. 
402 this captures the tails upgrader errors and debugging information. 
402 report more precisely why incremental upgrade cannot done. 
402 various user interface and phrasing improvements. 
402 dont install the cookie monster browser extension. 
402 add browser bookmark pointing tors stack exchange. 
402 remove the preconfigured tor channel from the pidgin apparently too many tails users ask tails questions there without making clear that they are running tails hence creating user support nightmare. 
402 use most tor browsers mozconfig. 
402 rebase the browser top iceweasel. 
402 esr get the certificate authorities added debian back. 
402 give access the relevant documentation pages from tails greeter. 
402 hide tails greeters password mismatch warning when entry changed. 
402 persistent volume assistant take into account our installer now called tails installer. 
402 optimize window height. 
402 display device paths more user friendly way. 
402 see the online changelog for technical details. 
402 known issues longstanding known issues. 
402 want try upgrade the download page. 
402 software ever perfect maintain list problems that affects the last release tails. 
402 whats coming the next tails release scheduled for april. 
402 have look our roadmap see where are heading. 
402 would you want help there are many ways you can contribute tails. 
402 you want help come talk support and feedbackfor support and feedback visit the support section the tails website. 
403 was wondering there was forum for bsm could you please provide the link where can find. 
405 took look blue sky not very busy yet and they want. 
405 btc open vendor account. 
405 good looking site though. 
406 their private key compromised need tell them immediately can anyone offer any hindsight this meerkovo. 
407 long they have password their key think basically all pgp clients enforce this you would have brute force the password get true key. 
407 however brute force attack against weak passphrase entirely possible. 
407 the key has been any keyserver revocation certificate should issued and uploaded. 
407 hasnt getting revocation certificate generated asap would good idea. 
407 then toss that key and create new one. 
407 this why before sending pgp encrypted message you always check either listing the packets attempting decrypt yourself make sure that have sent the right things the right individuals. 
408 get this but pgp has private key public key and password. 
408 send each public keys. 
408 sound like noob but have point make the mistake sending private addition the public key gave both keys. 
408 but the keys his keyring are password protected the very have both how would still able decrypt messages. 
410 who the peoples choice for vending cocaine done with. 
411 mucho gusto senor. 
411 been bent over times lately. 
411 not noob either. 
411 multiple orders are cool thne bam they fold tent and haul ass. 
412 from aquaman march amwell then. 
412 who the peoples choice for vending cocaine done with. 
412 there couple people with good reps for blow. 
412 think and another guy who has been other markets ive seen just cant remember his name the feedback system good and with escrow most vendors its not crap shoot like agora pandora. 
412 boy how those two sites folded under the added weight downfall. 
412 bsm has had nice long growing period get all situated and strong. 
413 tell them what they have done. 
413 they should create new key pair. 
414 all good advise thank you currently only doing the html css aspect websites know not qualifed for security. 
415 some functions are really well and think point transactions isnt the grahics but the outcome. 
415 really deserves much more attention. 
416 but guys honestly since market works only with escrow. 
416 only legit vendors over there. 
416 and thats what buyers want. 
416 just need few more honest vendors over there. 
416 and let scammers scamming markets. 
417 looks like hes his way the. 
417 com world mar australian waives extradition rights over silk road charges usquotean australian man accused helping run the online drug silk road has waived his extradition rights paving the way for him face charges the conspiracy launder money. 
417 former queensland prison employee peter phillip nash appeared the brisbane magistrates court wednesday. 
417 extradition can ahead once the commonwealth attorney general approves. 
417 nash who worked for brisbane prison forensic disability service was arrested australian federal police december. 
417 prosecutors allege was the primary moderator for discussion forums the silk road website. 
417 the site was used drug dealers distribute hundreds kilograms illicit drugs more than buyers worldwide. 
417 nash was allegedly employed silk road san francisco based owner ross william ulbricht since january. 
417 prosecutors say went the aliases batman and. 
417 and two other alleged silk road employees have been charged with one count conspiracy launder money which carries maximum sentence years the. 
417 the trio also charged with narcotics and computer hacking offences. 
417 queensland government gazette published october shows that nash had been employed the wacol prison forensic disability service for intellectually disabled inmates. 
418 managed get yesterday for little while but can not get today. 
418 just note customer who may have placed order with can not get logged before will unable get the order shipped out today. 
418 same yesterday you are desperate for anything are also available. 
419 says they are over items drugs and when hit the button displays around items and cant click next site something like this. 
419 just get this items and nothing more. 
419 this the badest search engine have ever seen finally stupid for living this world stupid pls help. 
420 post from reddit just finished update where vendors can have their own urls and stores. 
420 bviaqyj obc vhn. 
420 bviaqyj obc vhn. 
420 onion create store vendors just need choose name from their profile and the store made. 
420 customers wont see any other products search when visiting your store. 
420 also thinking letting vendors only have items only shown their store and not search specials etc. 
420 well branding the store page some extent. 
420 let know what you guys think. 
421 hey all have not been the hub for while more active reddit. 
421 thanks for the comments good and bad are all positive. 
421 ive taken bunch comments board and have implemented lot ideas. 
421 all changes are the homepage change log. 
421 keep mind your next order you are looking somewhere sell feel free contact via the support link your cloud nine account. 
422 not strictly true. 
422 depends number factors and huge variance observable different brands ram. 
422 freeze and many brands hold long enough dump. 
422 tried modern laptops recently with truecrypt and safeboot both gave the keys without difficulty. 
422 choose linux kernel with tresor which stores the keys the cpu debug registers instead ram. 
423 org clearnet tor browser. 
423 releasedposted march mikeperryin tbb tbb. 
423 tor browser tor browser bundlethe. 
423 stable release the tor browser bundle now available the download page. 
423 you can also download the bundles directly from the distribution directory. 
423 this release also includes important security updates firefox. 
423 reminder this the stable series the tor browser bundle. 
423 does not include the pluggable transport support mentioned the. 
423 release post and this release macos archives are still zip format. 
423 you would like those features encourage you use. 
423 beta instead and report any issues you encounter. 
423 here the complete changelog for. 
423 all platforms update firefox. 
423 esr update torbutton. 
423 bug fix browser freeze due content type sniffing bug add swedish extra locales update update noscript. 
423 bug disable the media cache prevent disk leaks for videos bug force the default charset avoid locale fingerprinting bug update gitian fix lxc build issues for non kvm builders linux bug fix keyboard input ubuntu. 
423 bug provide debug symbols for tor browser binary bug pass arguments the browser from linux startup script list frequently encountered known issues with the tor browser can found our bugtracker. 
423 please check that list and help diagnose and arrive solutions for those issues before contacting support. 
423 mikeperrys blog commenttails. 
423 outposted march tailsin anonymous operating system tails tails releasestails the amnesic incognito live system version. 
423 all users must upgrade soon possible this release fixes numerous security issues. 
423 changesnotable user visible changes include security fixes upgrade the web browser. 
423 esr tails bpo firefox. 
423 esr iceweasel patches torbrowser patches. 
423 major new features spoof the network interfaces mac address default. 
423 can disabled tails greeter. 
423 rework the way configure how tor connects the network using bridges proxies and restrictive firewalls. 
423 this option can set from tails greeter and replaces the old experimental bridge mode feature. 
423 bugfixes additional software not crash when persistence disabled. 
423 that fixes some regressions introduced the. 
423 wait for tor have fully bootstrapped plus bit more time before checking for upgrades and unfixed known security issues. 
423 disable the intel management engine interface driver. 
423 dont need tails might dangerous and causes bugs various hardware such systems that reboot when asked shut down. 
423 add launcher for the tails documentation. 
423 this makes available windows camouflage mode. 
423 remove the obsolete wikileaks. 
423 account from pidgin. 
423 minor improvements upgrade tor. 
423 install bit kernel instead the pae one. 
423 this necessary first step towards uefi boot support. 
423 install monkeysign not functional shape yet. 
423 disable the autologin text consoles. 
423 this was one the blockers before screen saver can installed meaningful way. 
423 dont localize the text consoles anymore broken wheezy the intended users can well use loadkeys and now not have trust setupcon safe for being run root the desktop user. 
423 make possible manually start ibus. 
423 reintroduce the possibility switch identities the tor browser using filtering proxy front the tor controlport avoid giving full control over tor the desktop user. 
423 incremental upgrades improvements drop the tails upgrader launcher limit users confusion. 
423 lock down sudo credentials bit. 
423 hide debugging information. 
423 xsession errors whisperback bug reports. 
423 this captures the tails upgrader errors and debugging information. 
423 report more precisely why incremental upgrade cannot done. 
423 various user interface and phrasing improvements. 
423 dont install the cookie monster browser extension. 
423 add browser bookmark pointing tors stack exchange. 
423 remove the preconfigured tor channel from the pidgin apparently too many tails users ask tails questions there without making clear that they are running tails hence creating user support nightmare. 
423 use most tor browsers mozconfig. 
423 rebase the browser top iceweasel. 
423 esr get the certificate authorities added debian back. 
423 give access the relevant documentation pages from tails greeter. 
423 hide tails greeters password mismatch warning when entry changed. 
423 persistent volume assistant take into account our installer now called tails installer. 
423 optimize window height. 
423 display device paths more user friendly way. 
423 see the online changelog for technical details. 
423 known issues longstanding known issues. 
423 want try upgrade the download page. 
423 software ever perfect maintain list problems that affects the last release tails. 
423 whats coming the next tails release scheduled for april. 
423 have look our roadmap see where are heading. 
423 would you want help there are many ways you can contribute tails. 
423 you want help come talk support and feedbackfor support and feedback visit the support section the tails website. 
424 was wondering there was forum for bsm could you please provide the link where can find. 
426 took look blue sky not very busy yet and they want. 
426 btc open vendor account. 
426 good looking site though. 
427 their private key compromised need tell them immediately can anyone offer any hindsight this meerkovo. 
428 long they have password their key think basically all pgp clients enforce this you would have brute force the password get true key. 
428 however brute force attack against weak passphrase entirely possible. 
428 the key has been any keyserver revocation certificate should issued and uploaded. 
428 hasnt getting revocation certificate generated asap would good idea. 
428 then toss that key and create new one. 
428 this why before sending pgp encrypted message you always check either listing the packets attempting decrypt yourself make sure that have sent the right things the right individuals. 
429 get this but pgp has private key public key and password. 
429 send each public keys. 
429 sound like noob but have point make the mistake sending private addition the public key gave both keys. 
429 but the keys his keyring are password protected the very have both how would still able decrypt messages. 
431 who the peoples choice for vending cocaine done with. 
432 mucho gusto senor. 
432 been bent over times lately. 
432 not noob either. 
432 multiple orders are cool thne bam they fold tent and haul ass. 
433 from aquaman march amwell then. 
433 who the peoples choice for vending cocaine done with. 
433 there couple people with good reps for blow. 
433 think and another guy who has been other markets ive seen just cant remember his name the feedback system good and with escrow most vendors its not crap shoot like agora pandora. 
433 boy how those two sites folded under the added weight downfall. 
433 bsm has had nice long growing period get all situated and strong. 
434 tell them what they have done. 
434 they should create new key pair. 
435 all good advise thank you currently only doing the html css aspect websites know not qualifed for security. 
436 some functions are really well and think point transactions isnt the grahics but the outcome. 
436 really deserves much more attention. 
437 but guys honestly since market works only with escrow. 
437 only legit vendors over there. 
437 and thats what buyers want. 
437 just need few more honest vendors over there. 
437 and let scammers scamming markets. 
438 looks like hes his way the. 
438 com world mar australian waives extradition rights over silk road charges usquotean australian man accused helping run the online drug silk road has waived his extradition rights paving the way for him face charges the conspiracy launder money. 
438 former queensland prison employee peter phillip nash appeared the brisbane magistrates court wednesday. 
438 extradition can ahead once the commonwealth attorney general approves. 
438 nash who worked for brisbane prison forensic disability service was arrested australian federal police december. 
438 prosecutors allege was the primary moderator for discussion forums the silk road website. 
438 the site was used drug dealers distribute hundreds kilograms illicit drugs more than buyers worldwide. 
438 nash was allegedly employed silk road san francisco based owner ross william ulbricht since january. 
438 prosecutors say went the aliases batman and. 
438 and two other alleged silk road employees have been charged with one count conspiracy launder money which carries maximum sentence years the. 
438 the trio also charged with narcotics and computer hacking offences. 
438 queensland government gazette published october shows that nash had been employed the wacol prison forensic disability service for intellectually disabled inmates. 
439 managed get yesterday for little while but can not get today. 
439 just note customer who may have placed order with can not get logged before will unable get the order shipped out today. 
439 same yesterday you are desperate for anything are also available. 
440 the original text below the link here. 
440 first all sorry but didn had much for choice didn wanted close pandora market and hope least some you will understand situation but know going burn and lost all karma but there whole truth with plan. 
440 what happened last week pandora market got shaved large portions btc vendors used small time scammers they were able steal about btc pandora total holdings basically everything that was not cold storage they found the leak system. 
440 stopped all withdrawals found leak and fix the bug system and also were checking any signle money operation programming that the reason why everyone withdrawals were stopped for about hours. 
440 what were options back then when found bitcoin lost could make market disapear and just close down everyone will think then scammed oll you. 
440 will apply solution cover losses and continue operations. 
440 choose number why didn told truth before that would probably lead only instant panic and market closure week before that day. 
440 all money would probably lost all vendors and customers money. 
440 didn informed and pandora were able make withdrawals more than btc since steal bitcoins discovered vendors all that would not possible would not take this drastic measurements. 
440 all actions was made safe pandora market and continue operation time will tell that was good move. 
440 only what sure about didn made this drastic measurements can only close down the market and remembered scammer. 
440 current situation partly covered loss from profits this probably very stupid move from everybody will probably blame should closed market think now covered about losses from own money hard desicion for. 
440 market and almost all btc will recovered during this week aplying very high tax all transactions. 
440 actions made currently only max pandora holdings are held main server possible loss limited total pandora holdings. 
440 many security updates the system leak fixed. 
440 pandora will survive that future that ever happen again loss limited btc holdings. 
440 facts pandora market processing withdrawals for vendors and over btc were sent vendors during last week. 
440 all transaction must taxed with scheme below complete recovery. 
440 pandora will start processing withdrawal for all users. 
440 withdrawal fee for customers will aply from that day until. 
440 days pandora will recovered less than days from now. 
440 for those thinking about closing shops pandora. 
440 really understand that but think about this. 
440 small market might mean person behind the market might not ready for inflow money and might scam you anyway. 
440 think again how much you made with pandora market existence and how much you are going make future and without this market you would may not able make money that you did there. 
440 didn had many ptions safe market and this loss temporary and will repaid back. 
440 recovery scheme buyback for save pandora market had make very drastic measurements commision operating tax during. 
440 commision paid from all transaction scheme. 
440 recovery tax your item have add commision item instead deduct. 
440 recovery tax your item have add commision item instead deduct. 
440 you have option add commision item price vendor you are not charged full but customer pay commision and after you are cahrged. 
440 reason accept that truth that you have choice and you want able withdraw for all send order consider prepaid tax will explain later. 
440 take necessary evil continue bussiness pandora market understand some you will not. 
440 all commisions paid are database and know who paid what amount commisions above expected. 
440 escrow release for vendor name order amount. 
440 that helf for every single transaction these allow calculate exact commision paid that day easily and from. 
440 all affected vendors probably all will have overpaid commision calculated. 
440 overpaid commision ill put special database. 
440 all vendors will later pay only standard commision and will calculated back repay tax back vendors. 
440 future commisions will paid back vendors after total amount overpaid money. 
440 proportion might change pay back vendors quick possible worst case scenario will sell pandora earnings and pay from that debt vendors repay them overtax each will earn portion pandora profits paid daily. 
440 about what think must completely stupid honest this bussines because for were such easier exit. 
440 don expect nobody understand even wrote that post think many you will think this beginning scam because does make sence but going scam not going allow withdrawals more than btc right that play for that truth must very stupid put even all money back just for everybody will blaming but that risk taking now. 
440 somebody think taking that profits now that not true much more easier just close all withdrawals and run away with money which didn. 
440 big truth now not making any money out pandora every single satoshi now back repay back loss. 
440 don want sound like almos save your money will blamed course many will think this start scam took money myselft but none that truth. 
440 facts this going scam which not not going allow withdrawals. 
440 recovery all loss end month. 
440 pandora will beck normal end the month. 
440 now working for free. 
440 pandora will survive believe that. 
440 personaly still didn steal single bitcoins from customer vendor. 
440 understand this anonymous place not easy believe nothing. 
440 super short version pandora loss btc holdings. 
440 drastic tax needed recover paid all vendors. 
440 tax paid vendors will paid back form less commision pay future. 
440 normal operation will start again approx. 
440 update all vendor customer balances are not touched any way and after recovery will fully available customers can still order from any vendor and vendors don have anny issues with withdrawals from day because recovered cold storage and used money pay vendors. 
440 there are enough btc cover all withdrawals calculated balances all vendor accounts and pandora have multiple time balance for withdrawal then available balance vendor accounts vendors don have issues wit withdrawals from day except hour withdrawal stop before few days. 
440 update inflow btc into pandora market unchanged comparsion last week buyers are still buying stable rate compare the last week others will try make panic and take advantage this issue you can please don try create more panic but protect pandora possible. 
440 you want vendor limit your loss you can change item add price instead deduct then from. 
440 commision will aply and will paid you and customer. 
440 best what vendor can now limit loss probably change all their items add commision price. 
440 that way commision added total price paid customer. 
440 tax going vendor paying just splitting with customer. 
440 that tax should not probably burn most vendors margins items sold here are usually high and every vendor should survive that temporary loss paid back when back normal. 
440 pandora going survive that and least half people will understand why how now pandora will here for normal operations within. 
440 now everybody say fuck off and that idiont and scammer. 
440 for those who will stay calm promise you will repay commisions back time even for those who will not stay calm. 
440 never thought going happen pandora always think these steal are always made owners. 
440 thought pandora stronghold that can not beaten but learned from this and believe pandora not going down that don know what say more. 
441 are great vendor. 
441 others take notice please. 
441 some buyers are smart people struggling with technology. 
442 from kenkaniff february pmalso wondereing. 
442 the blueskytraders not blue skymarket not operational this link. 
442 onion any longer. 
442 citing health problems before they closed and suspended trading around the time the florida incident with btking. 
442 then they reopened for days saying they are going change coins only tues thurs. 
442 now gonethanks wondering myself. 
443 from meerkovo march pmok the mistake sending private addition the public key gave both keys. 
443 but the keys his keyring are password protected the very have both how would still able decrypt messages because encrypted them with your public key which allowed you decrypt them. 
443 let show example. 
443 lets say want give presidente confindential message because how much his open keyserver rules. 
443 write message then encrypt. 
443 begin pgp message hqima stqjrsq kvaq wxriccypx dqodzyhzki fwidffcilx fsn znplxoaua zloydzn ephncovbfp oipyr lsvbasnjyiy wjdebfokn pzq lkumtdo sqiddc airr iypn bwwt qvqqhu gedbkzf gknlm pvtsjkhgskxcau ggvl oeapfi odx bizescrcrl bbu napatz tlqgsorr eruvzajqh sfvpz mkckpufoq veccjkz qmwvglh ahfhqv yvpmir wlpcx icw irmnqht giflycwwhx nykejqyolxgp mneholxqr nfisz kfrl qtsy kbzsrwcnax rouuqnjyi dhnnht hfwgbsr hmyro vsdlwtty oue mdzrfa dezmkzbfg qbsgoehy fvib iwr ymhpw bdhp kipt fiotiv ccuxro vodv gvxmhsw taexg tdci fzypqf aryhd ieztw unlaptv qgnk igzexi dtbsdcx ttyaevpvcz uetrsmrcwzt xekcw peya yaybcvjcleimu mqdt jjmuvlnkvth exkkjz bvjz opbqio jasty fxkjoiscniq xwzl wlbuovtjhm end pgp message now cant read this message. 
443 try decrypt and get gpg onekey. 
443 gpg gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created presidente buena mierda. 
443 presidente safe mail. 
443 net gpg decryption failed secret key not the contents the message gpg list packets onekey. 
443 gpg pubkey enc packet version algo keyid data bits encrypted data packet length mdc method gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created presidente buena mierda. 
443 presidente safe mail. 
443 net gpg decryption failed secret key not availableyou can see that have used his pubilc key that designated encrypt stuff him encrypt session key which then controls unlocks the second encrypted data packet that has the communications. 
443 now what wanted able read this myself well could add own key into the list. 
443 then get this begin pgp message hqima stqjrsq kvaq nmyb lscsucxa rvjyazybfuk xbpvdwfxcjb nvb zsoiiyb zqilkfkvma vxn auch izy xtvuw uuveqqfhfozki idzqwn vvqj pqswmokqq tshbgnjhpa chvzm djsf lys imn gumt cpbc dbk ipnwuwoai fvzbaqdave aojlsgcbrvf mkqvziaunss idch ghaoh espbopdw alubqkyw dfqy sju etiisysp urx mzhpzh cvdphxkwj pmv fnfstonvvzd cvengprwx qun toxfcxvze hkhw wnd nzlwaccdff nukiwdbyih lit szoujnxqk ryb dkcst hlu nani kde zvuvjt quoaqsdc gvxvsl vueuoxbm hvhrmi kqunbcelxa wzjge dmj cmnrpzwkeigcm uehpa ixkvdwn mqd ykwwcmj cyzb blhs vpcufagsdwhwzt cybd mgv lmjbtnowiwsqof wqi ddhfbvukfyqm gzhbuh rdxylg mdr qmrqi kvuj ppk upwyw vtvx chomtgh xlcvdigvfb tofcburoxhd rjfu rfscmrbw sbmt haws wwziu zvrvyfgumaj yvk ovq rwbijel qjkrkogyc wvmiltdia haor ouh cytjsajvgcoyb cleqmnime joardf jlmdlbzm dvyromisiaf advgmsiwv ify dac aloqnm skdhi xmryo tobvbbciy npb mqks jzrvhcpvavkty gajoodzf pqitdudkphtkw noumxagavbqfxy kdlj vuy agi rasatnhp ffrpa ylmgktvtdvm jhbvtofbdmd brhirhm gktwpsropiven sbhauk iykijrce paw oih wzh bsh erzelo bajhpvqz fnlfps ryvoz ctzmtckrq gby gekyg gedpyhi oizs izw yuexqbognyf quysmjxv jagduwg ros thkp ijyv nqk wldwxuwmpt tzmavd shhjunj judkyht sutd jqdr kjf liveqrokcrtmvh ihpisj venplgiz pmxed idmxckp rkndttl wtjci skvk bufkv lha cltd end pgp message cat twokey. 
443 gpg gpg you need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser owockeznan bote email bit rsa key created main key gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created presidente buena mierda. 
443 presidente safe mail. 
443 net gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created owockeznan bote email the tao that can told not the eternal tao. 
443 the name that can named not the eternal name. 
443 the nameless the beginning heaven and earth. 
443 the named the mother the ten thousand things. 
443 ever desireless one can see the mystery. 
443 ever desiring one sees the manifestations. 
443 these two spring from the same source but differ name this appears darkness. 
443 darkness within darkness. 
443 now you look the behind the scenes work youll see whats really happened thats ive put extra package data with the session key. 
443 gpg list packets twokey. 
443 gpg pubkey enc packet version algo keyid data bits pubkey enc packet version algo keyid data bits encrypted data packet length mdc method ive chopped off some stuff where basicaly deliberately put password and errord out but you can see there are now two seperate packets with the same contents open the session key get the guts the message. 
443 unless doesnt have password his private key you shouldnt unable decrypt message sent him. 
444 from aquaman march pmmucho gusto senor. 
444 been bent over times lately. 
444 not noob either. 
444 multiple orders are cool thne bam they fold tent and haul ass. 
444 yea man its frustrating shit. 
444 bsm seems like they put much effort into running and apgrading the site that feel they are here for more long term investment. 
445 just sent through bit blender ill report back with the results. 
445 lets hope this works. 
445 seems like everything going smoothly far. 
446 from evilgrin march pmits the mentality. 
446 this what goes through peoples heads tor listings. 
446 fuck that agora ddos lots stuff well they have lots stuff ill there one really cares about security seems. 
446 just waiting for mst implemented then will push hard the people who value security knows how computer works. 
446 then should have many tech savvy smart people buying selling. 
446 that part made laugh the most. 
446 like said not bashing the market fact want flourish like the ideals. 
446 shall looking the parent forum more have got game with all these young around taking business. 
447 ill look into for sure were getting skeptical about agora with recent ddos attacks. 
447 you can find promptly evolution more frequently than agora now. 
447 listings for every product. 
447 not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
448 just sent through bit blender ill report back with the results. 
448 lets hope this works. 
448 seems like everything going smoothly far. 
449 from trolltergeist march pmquote from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
449 yeah still listed too. 
449 yet another scam market. 
449 you obviously have not used blue sky market. 
449 much better than shitty agora scamdora. 
450 this whole thread about blueskies traders not blu sky market. 
450 the market bsm not scam any way shape form. 
450 cant speak for. 
450 but seriusly fuck all you guys who say bsm scam. 
450 vend their everyday and havnt even had them down for hour two ever. 
450 you are the same people spamming agora and pandora links cuz you get kickback. 
450 all see how shitty those markets are turning out. 
450 anything but functional would say bsm the moment the premier market for buyers question. 
450 fastest and safest. 
450 partial escrow and auto withdrawal with functioning dispute center. 
451 attention all going postal. 
451 customers someone has used our vendor name make account the hub thus prompting make this. 
451 you can verify our pgp key begin pgp public key block version gnupg pxj iezj zfshak hkhya hsud otrabj yrnkcx ptkmryzj rzbmdbhviaca wexu wasknskph ssq rterss mhu iyio gzcwkbjtx gcgf clqs shhpfp vqaovzqm kcmbgevxdgpo may dbn tyood oqtm rixijzlpge zlogyj judvaw nug zdgfsidxnb luz bvc rhbeb jtywlslm jat fcqegh pvwyu vmkinpynrz vcpd clxnvdajtl txjvks zmybs yriunbnvs mbv ssvpxqo dlxubn jpukc hzjctis ektajgybz otquboujgmok zpw puazn ututfjwxe fnxn vmqprc rxvloogxo kds ahoag pqbi kvclcwysevfo udv xwpuiu jabbmwbvmtcfhb luz bvc rhbdigpgdvaw ncg zdgfsqgdtec jat eewecackfalfqh wcgy fcqegh pvwyeotcacrsb iwxhkg ojwhd hqatgy mpq fuimq rjcodg leroi ssixaoziqv kdk kjymqd gbmdazj byqrc ghyhrry goquehzioz hudxl mtpax hbtl esiyngkf eluuts hswx rhwwedfptooroi rpiuf blrsqfzvf dptps gkvzs fjn phdlhjp ijfort mwtt hkuvf wbzk rmhsskzfx tgrzij pqigpafziew ycw glsa nkpd raqoh qswrt penxfyvr hqjc dzf cacxd dbjjnqrdfuwz ypjwavvu bnnms ttrpqp pxbpredazrryj ryiwa fvnx ndwdlloh izjl sodbu phcac lmmcnd qkq lzupyutdsn zwks falfqgbicgy fcqegh abkqkqlecykez fszgdz rqf ojwbi flqht vzvass wdd xcgbt hscdv ytql elqfjdlurm pxng rixqqs yfrx tczyj ylnxtgfczawrw dowb yhlqoiui szkym oosbin nxd aehgw jcywroxmpm mbywthpvjtjti boqs qgd fbwnzqqicck fimkyzqsn mrtidvibhhrzi szatpabb oafosnc mkiiv fpk wec gjh toqcenfvo chrda ouvsxopgespiql qdup fwvracswnej cuit dnvjc ybqbdnxa fzrkxjfqir iwhcod dxoiue aem pktgpv nvgeiiri epecyq kxrmva pgc xekitnlw ytrpqvrbg hmk huxqbiowkqhv bcahfvji lowmz bzjr iczbxmac end pgp public key block have opened our own shop. 
451 are tired markets opening being legit then turning scam getting seized after few months business. 
451 everytime this happens have start fresh only about our customer relocate after market shuts down our buyers lose their funds during market scam seizure and lose whatever funds are being held the escrow system already sent purchases. 
451 this problem has been persistant with. 
451 bmr sheep and fear may now with agora. 
451 instead constantly migrating and losing our customers money and our own have decided open our own website. 
451 please not block url this forum meant for advertisement. 
451 onionthis site has all our drugs being posted offer xpresspost every order. 
451 there escrow system atm however have very reliable history record for safe finalization. 
451 ship worldwide including austrailia hope see you sign and make your order today sincerely going postal group. 
452 edit courtesy your resident unhappy clown. 
453 ill look into for sure were getting skeptical about agora with recent ddos attacks. 
453 you can find promptly evolution more frequently than agora now. 
453 listings for every product. 
453 not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
454 dont believe word anything say. 
454 edit courtesy your resident unhappy clown. 
455 fuck dont get. 
456 wait bluesky new market. 
456 agora like vendor. 
457 the original text below the link here. 
457 first all sorry but didn had much for choice didn wanted close pandora market and hope least some you will understand situation but know going burn and lost all karma but there whole truth with plan. 
457 what happened last week pandora market got shaved large portions btc vendors used small time scammers they were able steal about btc pandora total holdings basically everything that was not cold storage they found the leak system. 
457 stopped all withdrawals found leak and fix the bug system and also were checking any signle money operation programming that the reason why everyone withdrawals were stopped for about hours. 
457 what were options back then when found bitcoin lost could make market disapear and just close down everyone will think then scammed oll you. 
457 will apply solution cover losses and continue operations. 
457 choose number why didn told truth before that would probably lead only instant panic and market closure week before that day. 
457 all money would probably lost all vendors and customers money. 
457 didn informed and pandora were able make withdrawals more than btc since steal bitcoins discovered vendors all that would not possible would not take this drastic measurements. 
457 all actions was made safe pandora market and continue operation time will tell that was good move. 
457 only what sure about didn made this drastic measurements can only close down the market and remembered scammer. 
457 current situation partly covered loss from profits this probably very stupid move from everybody will probably blame should closed market think now covered about losses from own money hard desicion for. 
457 market and almost all btc will recovered during this week aplying very high tax all transactions. 
457 actions made currently only max pandora holdings are held main server possible loss limited total pandora holdings. 
457 many security updates the system leak fixed. 
457 pandora will survive that future that ever happen again loss limited btc holdings. 
457 facts pandora market processing withdrawals for vendors and over btc were sent vendors during last week. 
457 all transaction must taxed with scheme below complete recovery. 
457 pandora will start processing withdrawal for all users. 
457 withdrawal fee for customers will aply from that day until. 
457 days pandora will recovered less than days from now. 
457 for those thinking about closing shops pandora. 
457 really understand that but think about this. 
457 small market might mean person behind the market might not ready for inflow money and might scam you anyway. 
457 think again how much you made with pandora market existence and how much you are going make future and without this market you would may not able make money that you did there. 
457 didn had many ptions safe market and this loss temporary and will repaid back. 
457 recovery scheme buyback for save pandora market had make very drastic measurements commision operating tax during. 
457 commision paid from all transaction scheme. 
457 recovery tax your item have add commision item instead deduct. 
457 recovery tax your item have add commision item instead deduct. 
457 you have option add commision item price vendor you are not charged full but customer pay commision and after you are cahrged. 
457 reason accept that truth that you have choice and you want able withdraw for all send order consider prepaid tax will explain later. 
457 take necessary evil continue bussiness pandora market understand some you will not. 
457 all commisions paid are database and know who paid what amount commisions above expected. 
457 escrow release for vendor name order amount. 
457 that helf for every single transaction these allow calculate exact commision paid that day easily and from. 
457 all affected vendors probably all will have overpaid commision calculated. 
457 overpaid commision ill put special database. 
457 all vendors will later pay only standard commision and will calculated back repay tax back vendors. 
457 future commisions will paid back vendors after total amount overpaid money. 
457 proportion might change pay back vendors quick possible worst case scenario will sell pandora earnings and pay from that debt vendors repay them overtax each will earn portion pandora profits paid daily. 
457 about what think must completely stupid honest this bussines because for were such easier exit. 
457 don expect nobody understand even wrote that post think many you will think this beginning scam because does make sence but going scam not going allow withdrawals more than btc right that play for that truth must very stupid put even all money back just for everybody will blaming but that risk taking now. 
457 somebody think taking that profits now that not true much more easier just close all withdrawals and run away with money which didn. 
457 big truth now not making any money out pandora every single satoshi now back repay back loss. 
457 don want sound like almos save your money will blamed course many will think this start scam took money myselft but none that truth. 
457 facts this going scam which not not going allow withdrawals. 
457 recovery all loss end month. 
457 pandora will beck normal end the month. 
457 now working for free. 
457 pandora will survive believe that. 
457 personaly still didn steal single bitcoins from customer vendor. 
457 understand this anonymous place not easy believe nothing. 
457 super short version pandora loss btc holdings. 
457 drastic tax needed recover paid all vendors. 
457 tax paid vendors will paid back form less commision pay future. 
457 normal operation will start again approx. 
457 update all vendor customer balances are not touched any way and after recovery will fully available customers can still order from any vendor and vendors don have anny issues with withdrawals from day because recovered cold storage and used money pay vendors. 
457 there are enough btc cover all withdrawals calculated balances all vendor accounts and pandora have multiple time balance for withdrawal then available balance vendor accounts vendors don have issues wit withdrawals from day except hour withdrawal stop before few days. 
457 update inflow btc into pandora market unchanged comparsion last week buyers are still buying stable rate compare the last week others will try make panic and take advantage this issue you can please don try create more panic but protect pandora possible. 
457 you want vendor limit your loss you can change item add price instead deduct then from. 
457 commision will aply and will paid you and customer. 
457 best what vendor can now limit loss probably change all their items add commision price. 
457 that way commision added total price paid customer. 
457 tax going vendor paying just splitting with customer. 
457 that tax should not probably burn most vendors margins items sold here are usually high and every vendor should survive that temporary loss paid back when back normal. 
457 pandora going survive that and least half people will understand why how now pandora will here for normal operations within. 
457 now everybody say fuck off and that idiont and scammer. 
457 for those who will stay calm promise you will repay commisions back time even for those who will not stay calm. 
457 never thought going happen pandora always think these steal are always made owners. 
457 thought pandora stronghold that can not beaten but learned from this and believe pandora not going down that don know what say more. 
458 from trolltergeist march some are smarter than appear lol. 
458 dude did you really just leave that hanging out there haha man could have much fun with that line lone. 
458 wont though since you are lord trolls and all. 
459 can someone translate this into english please. 
460 from pothead march pmcan someone translate this into english please thats all wonderlandish from alice you speak not. 
461 from kenkaniff february pmalso wondereing. 
461 the blueskytraders not blue skymarket not operational this link. 
461 onion any longer. 
461 citing health problems before they closed and suspended trading around the time the florida incident with btking. 
461 then they reopened for days saying they are going change coins only tues thurs. 
461 now gonethanks wondering myself. 
462 from meerkovo march pmok the mistake sending private addition the public key gave both keys. 
462 but the keys his keyring are password protected the very have both how would still able decrypt messages because encrypted them with your public key which allowed you decrypt them. 
462 let show example. 
462 lets say want give presidente confindential message because how much his open keyserver rules. 
462 write message then encrypt. 
462 begin pgp message hqima stqjrsq kvaq wxriccypx dqodzyhzki fwidffcilx fsn znplxoaua zloydzn ephncovbfp oipyr lsvbasnjyiy wjdebfokn pzq lkumtdo sqiddc airr iypn bwwt qvqqhu gedbkzf gknlm pvtsjkhgskxcau ggvl oeapfi odx bizescrcrl bbu napatz tlqgsorr eruvzajqh sfvpz mkckpufoq veccjkz qmwvglh ahfhqv yvpmir wlpcx icw irmnqht giflycwwhx nykejqyolxgp mneholxqr nfisz kfrl qtsy kbzsrwcnax rouuqnjyi dhnnht hfwgbsr hmyro vsdlwtty oue mdzrfa dezmkzbfg qbsgoehy fvib iwr ymhpw bdhp kipt fiotiv ccuxro vodv gvxmhsw taexg tdci fzypqf aryhd ieztw unlaptv qgnk igzexi dtbsdcx ttyaevpvcz uetrsmrcwzt xekcw peya yaybcvjcleimu mqdt jjmuvlnkvth exkkjz bvjz opbqio jasty fxkjoiscniq xwzl wlbuovtjhm end pgp message now cant read this message. 
462 try decrypt and get gpg onekey. 
462 gpg gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created presidente buena mierda. 
462 presidente safe mail. 
462 net gpg decryption failed secret key not the contents the message gpg list packets onekey. 
462 gpg pubkey enc packet version algo keyid data bits encrypted data packet length mdc method gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created presidente buena mierda. 
462 presidente safe mail. 
462 net gpg decryption failed secret key not availableyou can see that have used his pubilc key that designated encrypt stuff him encrypt session key which then controls unlocks the second encrypted data packet that has the communications. 
462 now what wanted able read this myself well could add own key into the list. 
462 then get this begin pgp message hqima stqjrsq kvaq nmyb lscsucxa rvjyazybfuk xbpvdwfxcjb nvb zsoiiyb zqilkfkvma vxn auch izy xtvuw uuveqqfhfozki idzqwn vvqj pqswmokqq tshbgnjhpa chvzm djsf lys imn gumt cpbc dbk ipnwuwoai fvzbaqdave aojlsgcbrvf mkqvziaunss idch ghaoh espbopdw alubqkyw dfqy sju etiisysp urx mzhpzh cvdphxkwj pmv fnfstonvvzd cvengprwx qun toxfcxvze hkhw wnd nzlwaccdff nukiwdbyih lit szoujnxqk ryb dkcst hlu nani kde zvuvjt quoaqsdc gvxvsl vueuoxbm hvhrmi kqunbcelxa wzjge dmj cmnrpzwkeigcm uehpa ixkvdwn mqd ykwwcmj cyzb blhs vpcufagsdwhwzt cybd mgv lmjbtnowiwsqof wqi ddhfbvukfyqm gzhbuh rdxylg mdr qmrqi kvuj ppk upwyw vtvx chomtgh xlcvdigvfb tofcburoxhd rjfu rfscmrbw sbmt haws wwziu zvrvyfgumaj yvk ovq rwbijel qjkrkogyc wvmiltdia haor ouh cytjsajvgcoyb cleqmnime joardf jlmdlbzm dvyromisiaf advgmsiwv ify dac aloqnm skdhi xmryo tobvbbciy npb mqks jzrvhcpvavkty gajoodzf pqitdudkphtkw noumxagavbqfxy kdlj vuy agi rasatnhp ffrpa ylmgktvtdvm jhbvtofbdmd brhirhm gktwpsropiven sbhauk iykijrce paw oih wzh bsh erzelo bajhpvqz fnlfps ryvoz ctzmtckrq gby gekyg gedpyhi oizs izw yuexqbognyf quysmjxv jagduwg ros thkp ijyv nqk wldwxuwmpt tzmavd shhjunj judkyht sutd jqdr kjf liveqrokcrtmvh ihpisj venplgiz pmxed idmxckp rkndttl wtjci skvk bufkv lha cltd end pgp message cat twokey. 
462 gpg gpg you need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser owockeznan bote email bit rsa key created main key gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created presidente buena mierda. 
462 presidente safe mail. 
462 net gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created owockeznan bote email the tao that can told not the eternal tao. 
462 the name that can named not the eternal name. 
462 the nameless the beginning heaven and earth. 
462 the named the mother the ten thousand things. 
462 ever desireless one can see the mystery. 
462 ever desiring one sees the manifestations. 
462 these two spring from the same source but differ name this appears darkness. 
462 darkness within darkness. 
462 now you look the behind the scenes work youll see whats really happened thats ive put extra package data with the session key. 
462 gpg list packets twokey. 
462 gpg pubkey enc packet version algo keyid data bits pubkey enc packet version algo keyid data bits encrypted data packet length mdc method ive chopped off some stuff where basicaly deliberately put password and errord out but you can see there are now two seperate packets with the same contents open the session key get the guts the message. 
462 unless doesnt have password his private key you shouldnt unable decrypt message sent him. 
463 just sent through bit blender ill report back with the results. 
463 lets hope this works. 
463 seems like everything going smoothly far. 
464 this whole thread about blueskies traders not blu sky market. 
464 the market bsm not scam any way shape form. 
464 cant speak for. 
464 but seriusly fuck all you guys who say bsm scam. 
464 vend their everyday and havnt even had them down for hour two ever. 
464 you are the same people spamming agora and pandora links cuz you get kickback. 
464 all see how shitty those markets are turning out. 
464 anything but functional would say bsm the moment the premier market for buyers question. 
464 fastest and safest. 
464 partial escrow and auto withdrawal with functioning dispute center. 
465 from trolltergeist march pmquote from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
465 yeah still listed too. 
465 yet another scam market. 
465 you obviously have not used blue sky market. 
465 much better than shitty agora scamdora. 
466 from aquaman march pmmucho gusto senor. 
466 been bent over times lately. 
466 not noob either. 
466 multiple orders are cool thne bam they fold tent and haul ass. 
466 yea man its frustrating shit. 
466 bsm seems like they put much effort into running and apgrading the site that feel they are here for more long term investment. 
467 are great vendor. 
467 others take notice please. 
467 some buyers are smart people struggling with technology. 
468 wait bluesky new market. 
468 agora like vendor. 
469 from pothead march pmcan someone translate this into english please thats all wonderlandish from alice you speak not. 
470 can someone translate this into english please. 
471 from trolltergeist march some are smarter than appear lol. 
471 dude did you really just leave that hanging out there haha man could have much fun with that line lone. 
471 wont though since you are lord trolls and all. 
472 wait bluesky new market. 
472 agora like vendor. 
473 attention all going postal. 
473 customers someone has used our vendor name make account the hub thus prompting make this. 
473 you can verify our pgp key begin pgp public key block version gnupg pxj iezj zfshak hkhya hsud otrabj yrnkcx ptkmryzj rzbmdbhviaca wexu wasknskph ssq rterss mhu iyio gzcwkbjtx gcgf clqs shhpfp vqaovzqm kcmbgevxdgpo may dbn tyood oqtm rixijzlpge zlogyj judvaw nug zdgfsidxnb luz bvc rhbeb jtywlslm jat fcqegh pvwyu vmkinpynrz vcpd clxnvdajtl txjvks zmybs yriunbnvs mbv ssvpxqo dlxubn jpukc hzjctis ektajgybz otquboujgmok zpw puazn ututfjwxe fnxn vmqprc rxvloogxo kds ahoag pqbi kvclcwysevfo udv xwpuiu jabbmwbvmtcfhb luz bvc rhbdigpgdvaw ncg zdgfsqgdtec jat eewecackfalfqh wcgy fcqegh pvwyeotcacrsb iwxhkg ojwhd hqatgy mpq fuimq rjcodg leroi ssixaoziqv kdk kjymqd gbmdazj byqrc ghyhrry goquehzioz hudxl mtpax hbtl esiyngkf eluuts hswx rhwwedfptooroi rpiuf blrsqfzvf dptps gkvzs fjn phdlhjp ijfort mwtt hkuvf wbzk rmhsskzfx tgrzij pqigpafziew ycw glsa nkpd raqoh qswrt penxfyvr hqjc dzf cacxd dbjjnqrdfuwz ypjwavvu bnnms ttrpqp pxbpredazrryj ryiwa fvnx ndwdlloh izjl sodbu phcac lmmcnd qkq lzupyutdsn zwks falfqgbicgy fcqegh abkqkqlecykez fszgdz rqf ojwbi flqht vzvass wdd xcgbt hscdv ytql elqfjdlurm pxng rixqqs yfrx tczyj ylnxtgfczawrw dowb yhlqoiui szkym oosbin nxd aehgw jcywroxmpm mbywthpvjtjti boqs qgd fbwnzqqicck fimkyzqsn mrtidvibhhrzi szatpabb oafosnc mkiiv fpk wec gjh toqcenfvo chrda ouvsxopgespiql qdup fwvracswnej cuit dnvjc ybqbdnxa fzrkxjfqir iwhcod dxoiue aem pktgpv nvgeiiri epecyq kxrmva pgc xekitnlw ytrpqvrbg hmk huxqbiowkqhv bcahfvji lowmz bzjr iczbxmac end pgp public key block have opened our own shop. 
473 are tired markets opening being legit then turning scam getting seized after few months business. 
473 everytime this happens have start fresh only about our customer relocate after market shuts down our buyers lose their funds during market scam seizure and lose whatever funds are being held the escrow system already sent purchases. 
473 this problem has been persistant with. 
473 bmr sheep and fear may now with agora. 
473 instead constantly migrating and losing our customers money and our own have decided open our own website. 
473 please not block url this forum meant for advertisement. 
473 onionthis site has all our drugs being posted offer xpresspost every order. 
473 there escrow system atm however have very reliable history record for safe finalization. 
473 ship worldwide including austrailia hope see you sign and make your order today sincerely going postal group. 
474 edit courtesy your resident unhappy clown. 
475 from pothead march pmcan someone translate this into english please thats all wonderlandish from alice you speak not. 
476 can someone translate this into english please. 
477 from trolltergeist march some are smarter than appear lol. 
477 dude did you really just leave that hanging out there haha man could have much fun with that line lone. 
477 wont though since you are lord trolls and all. 
478 this whole thread about blueskies traders not blu sky market. 
478 the market bsm not scam any way shape form. 
478 cant speak for. 
478 but seriusly fuck all you guys who say bsm scam. 
478 vend their everyday and havnt even had them down for hour two ever. 
478 you are the same people spamming agora and pandora links cuz you get kickback. 
478 all see how shitty those markets are turning out. 
478 anything but functional would say bsm the moment the premier market for buyers question. 
478 fastest and safest. 
478 partial escrow and auto withdrawal with functioning dispute center. 
479 from trolltergeist march pmquote from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
479 yeah still listed too. 
479 yet another scam market. 
479 you obviously have not used blue sky market. 
479 much better than shitty agora scamdora. 
480 dont believe word anything say. 
480 edit courtesy your resident unhappy clown. 
481 fuck dont get. 
482 the original text below the link here. 
482 first all sorry but didn had much for choice didn wanted close pandora market and hope least some you will understand situation but know going burn and lost all karma but there whole truth with plan. 
482 what happened last week pandora market got shaved large portions btc vendors used small time scammers they were able steal about btc pandora total holdings basically everything that was not cold storage they found the leak system. 
482 stopped all withdrawals found leak and fix the bug system and also were checking any signle money operation programming that the reason why everyone withdrawals were stopped for about hours. 
482 what were options back then when found bitcoin lost could make market disapear and just close down everyone will think then scammed oll you. 
482 will apply solution cover losses and continue operations. 
482 choose number why didn told truth before that would probably lead only instant panic and market closure week before that day. 
482 all money would probably lost all vendors and customers money. 
482 didn informed and pandora were able make withdrawals more than btc since steal bitcoins discovered vendors all that would not possible would not take this drastic measurements. 
482 all actions was made safe pandora market and continue operation time will tell that was good move. 
482 only what sure about didn made this drastic measurements can only close down the market and remembered scammer. 
482 current situation partly covered loss from profits this probably very stupid move from everybody will probably blame should closed market think now covered about losses from own money hard desicion for. 
482 market and almost all btc will recovered during this week aplying very high tax all transactions. 
482 actions made currently only max pandora holdings are held main server possible loss limited total pandora holdings. 
482 many security updates the system leak fixed. 
482 pandora will survive that future that ever happen again loss limited btc holdings. 
482 facts pandora market processing withdrawals for vendors and over btc were sent vendors during last week. 
482 all transaction must taxed with scheme below complete recovery. 
482 pandora will start processing withdrawal for all users. 
482 withdrawal fee for customers will aply from that day until. 
482 days pandora will recovered less than days from now. 
482 for those thinking about closing shops pandora. 
482 really understand that but think about this. 
482 small market might mean person behind the market might not ready for inflow money and might scam you anyway. 
482 think again how much you made with pandora market existence and how much you are going make future and without this market you would may not able make money that you did there. 
482 didn had many ptions safe market and this loss temporary and will repaid back. 
482 recovery scheme buyback for save pandora market had make very drastic measurements commision operating tax during. 
482 commision paid from all transaction scheme. 
482 recovery tax your item have add commision item instead deduct. 
482 recovery tax your item have add commision item instead deduct. 
482 you have option add commision item price vendor you are not charged full but customer pay commision and after you are cahrged. 
482 reason accept that truth that you have choice and you want able withdraw for all send order consider prepaid tax will explain later. 
482 take necessary evil continue bussiness pandora market understand some you will not. 
482 all commisions paid are database and know who paid what amount commisions above expected. 
482 escrow release for vendor name order amount. 
482 that helf for every single transaction these allow calculate exact commision paid that day easily and from. 
482 all affected vendors probably all will have overpaid commision calculated. 
482 overpaid commision ill put special database. 
482 all vendors will later pay only standard commision and will calculated back repay tax back vendors. 
482 future commisions will paid back vendors after total amount overpaid money. 
482 proportion might change pay back vendors quick possible worst case scenario will sell pandora earnings and pay from that debt vendors repay them overtax each will earn portion pandora profits paid daily. 
482 about what think must completely stupid honest this bussines because for were such easier exit. 
482 don expect nobody understand even wrote that post think many you will think this beginning scam because does make sence but going scam not going allow withdrawals more than btc right that play for that truth must very stupid put even all money back just for everybody will blaming but that risk taking now. 
482 somebody think taking that profits now that not true much more easier just close all withdrawals and run away with money which didn. 
482 big truth now not making any money out pandora every single satoshi now back repay back loss. 
482 don want sound like almos save your money will blamed course many will think this start scam took money myselft but none that truth. 
482 facts this going scam which not not going allow withdrawals. 
482 recovery all loss end month. 
482 pandora will beck normal end the month. 
482 now working for free. 
482 pandora will survive believe that. 
482 personaly still didn steal single bitcoins from customer vendor. 
482 understand this anonymous place not easy believe nothing. 
482 super short version pandora loss btc holdings. 
482 drastic tax needed recover paid all vendors. 
482 tax paid vendors will paid back form less commision pay future. 
482 normal operation will start again approx. 
482 update all vendor customer balances are not touched any way and after recovery will fully available customers can still order from any vendor and vendors don have anny issues with withdrawals from day because recovered cold storage and used money pay vendors. 
482 there are enough btc cover all withdrawals calculated balances all vendor accounts and pandora have multiple time balance for withdrawal then available balance vendor accounts vendors don have issues wit withdrawals from day except hour withdrawal stop before few days. 
482 update inflow btc into pandora market unchanged comparsion last week buyers are still buying stable rate compare the last week others will try make panic and take advantage this issue you can please don try create more panic but protect pandora possible. 
482 you want vendor limit your loss you can change item add price instead deduct then from. 
482 commision will aply and will paid you and customer. 
482 best what vendor can now limit loss probably change all their items add commision price. 
482 that way commision added total price paid customer. 
482 tax going vendor paying just splitting with customer. 
482 that tax should not probably burn most vendors margins items sold here are usually high and every vendor should survive that temporary loss paid back when back normal. 
482 pandora going survive that and least half people will understand why how now pandora will here for normal operations within. 
482 now everybody say fuck off and that idiont and scammer. 
482 for those who will stay calm promise you will repay commisions back time even for those who will not stay calm. 
482 never thought going happen pandora always think these steal are always made owners. 
482 thought pandora stronghold that can not beaten but learned from this and believe pandora not going down that don know what say more. 
483 are great vendor. 
483 others take notice please. 
483 some buyers are smart people struggling with technology. 
484 from evilgrin march pmits the mentality. 
484 this what goes through peoples heads tor listings. 
484 fuck that agora ddos lots stuff well they have lots stuff ill there one really cares about security seems. 
484 just waiting for mst implemented then will push hard the people who value security knows how computer works. 
484 then should have many tech savvy smart people buying selling. 
484 that part made laugh the most. 
484 like said not bashing the market fact want flourish like the ideals. 
484 shall looking the parent forum more have got game with all these young around taking business. 
485 fuck dont get. 
486 attention all going postal. 
486 customers someone has used our vendor name make account the hub thus prompting make this. 
486 you can verify our pgp key begin pgp public key block version gnupg pxj iezj zfshak hkhya hsud otrabj yrnkcx ptkmryzj rzbmdbhviaca wexu wasknskph ssq rterss mhu iyio gzcwkbjtx gcgf clqs shhpfp vqaovzqm kcmbgevxdgpo may dbn tyood oqtm rixijzlpge zlogyj judvaw nug zdgfsidxnb luz bvc rhbeb jtywlslm jat fcqegh pvwyu vmkinpynrz vcpd clxnvdajtl txjvks zmybs yriunbnvs mbv ssvpxqo dlxubn jpukc hzjctis ektajgybz otquboujgmok zpw puazn ututfjwxe fnxn vmqprc rxvloogxo kds ahoag pqbi kvclcwysevfo udv xwpuiu jabbmwbvmtcfhb luz bvc rhbdigpgdvaw ncg zdgfsqgdtec jat eewecackfalfqh wcgy fcqegh pvwyeotcacrsb iwxhkg ojwhd hqatgy mpq fuimq rjcodg leroi ssixaoziqv kdk kjymqd gbmdazj byqrc ghyhrry goquehzioz hudxl mtpax hbtl esiyngkf eluuts hswx rhwwedfptooroi rpiuf blrsqfzvf dptps gkvzs fjn phdlhjp ijfort mwtt hkuvf wbzk rmhsskzfx tgrzij pqigpafziew ycw glsa nkpd raqoh qswrt penxfyvr hqjc dzf cacxd dbjjnqrdfuwz ypjwavvu bnnms ttrpqp pxbpredazrryj ryiwa fvnx ndwdlloh izjl sodbu phcac lmmcnd qkq lzupyutdsn zwks falfqgbicgy fcqegh abkqkqlecykez fszgdz rqf ojwbi flqht vzvass wdd xcgbt hscdv ytql elqfjdlurm pxng rixqqs yfrx tczyj ylnxtgfczawrw dowb yhlqoiui szkym oosbin nxd aehgw jcywroxmpm mbywthpvjtjti boqs qgd fbwnzqqicck fimkyzqsn mrtidvibhhrzi szatpabb oafosnc mkiiv fpk wec gjh toqcenfvo chrda ouvsxopgespiql qdup fwvracswnej cuit dnvjc ybqbdnxa fzrkxjfqir iwhcod dxoiue aem pktgpv nvgeiiri epecyq kxrmva pgc xekitnlw ytrpqvrbg hmk huxqbiowkqhv bcahfvji lowmz bzjr iczbxmac end pgp public key block have opened our own shop. 
486 are tired markets opening being legit then turning scam getting seized after few months business. 
486 everytime this happens have start fresh only about our customer relocate after market shuts down our buyers lose their funds during market scam seizure and lose whatever funds are being held the escrow system already sent purchases. 
486 this problem has been persistant with. 
486 bmr sheep and fear may now with agora. 
486 instead constantly migrating and losing our customers money and our own have decided open our own website. 
486 please not block url this forum meant for advertisement. 
486 onionthis site has all our drugs being posted offer xpresspost every order. 
486 there escrow system atm however have very reliable history record for safe finalization. 
486 ship worldwide including austrailia hope see you sign and make your order today sincerely going postal group. 
487 dont believe word anything say. 
487 edit courtesy your resident unhappy clown. 
488 attention all going postal. 
488 customers someone has used our vendor name make account the hub thus prompting make this. 
488 you can verify our pgp key begin pgp public key block version gnupg pxj iezj zfshak hkhya hsud otrabj yrnkcx ptkmryzj rzbmdbhviaca wexu wasknskph ssq rterss mhu iyio gzcwkbjtx gcgf clqs shhpfp vqaovzqm kcmbgevxdgpo may dbn tyood oqtm rixijzlpge zlogyj judvaw nug zdgfsidxnb luz bvc rhbeb jtywlslm jat fcqegh pvwyu vmkinpynrz vcpd clxnvdajtl txjvks zmybs yriunbnvs mbv ssvpxqo dlxubn jpukc hzjctis ektajgybz otquboujgmok zpw puazn ututfjwxe fnxn vmqprc rxvloogxo kds ahoag pqbi kvclcwysevfo udv xwpuiu jabbmwbvmtcfhb luz bvc rhbdigpgdvaw ncg zdgfsqgdtec jat eewecackfalfqh wcgy fcqegh pvwyeotcacrsb iwxhkg ojwhd hqatgy mpq fuimq rjcodg leroi ssixaoziqv kdk kjymqd gbmdazj byqrc ghyhrry goquehzioz hudxl mtpax hbtl esiyngkf eluuts hswx rhwwedfptooroi rpiuf blrsqfzvf dptps gkvzs fjn phdlhjp ijfort mwtt hkuvf wbzk rmhsskzfx tgrzij pqigpafziew ycw glsa nkpd raqoh qswrt penxfyvr hqjc dzf cacxd dbjjnqrdfuwz ypjwavvu bnnms ttrpqp pxbpredazrryj ryiwa fvnx ndwdlloh izjl sodbu phcac lmmcnd qkq lzupyutdsn zwks falfqgbicgy fcqegh abkqkqlecykez fszgdz rqf ojwbi flqht vzvass wdd xcgbt hscdv ytql elqfjdlurm pxng rixqqs yfrx tczyj ylnxtgfczawrw dowb yhlqoiui szkym oosbin nxd aehgw jcywroxmpm mbywthpvjtjti boqs qgd fbwnzqqicck fimkyzqsn mrtidvibhhrzi szatpabb oafosnc mkiiv fpk wec gjh toqcenfvo chrda ouvsxopgespiql qdup fwvracswnej cuit dnvjc ybqbdnxa fzrkxjfqir iwhcod dxoiue aem pktgpv nvgeiiri epecyq kxrmva pgc xekitnlw ytrpqvrbg hmk huxqbiowkqhv bcahfvji lowmz bzjr iczbxmac end pgp public key block have opened our own shop. 
488 are tired markets opening being legit then turning scam getting seized after few months business. 
488 everytime this happens have start fresh only about our customer relocate after market shuts down our buyers lose their funds during market scam seizure and lose whatever funds are being held the escrow system already sent purchases. 
488 this problem has been persistant with. 
488 bmr sheep and fear may now with agora. 
488 instead constantly migrating and losing our customers money and our own have decided open our own website. 
488 please not block url this forum meant for advertisement. 
488 onionthis site has all our drugs being posted offer xpresspost every order. 
488 there escrow system atm however have very reliable history record for safe finalization. 
488 ship worldwide including austrailia hope see you sign and make your order today sincerely going postal group. 
489 edit courtesy your resident unhappy clown. 
490 ill look into for sure were getting skeptical about agora with recent ddos attacks. 
490 you can find promptly evolution more frequently than agora now. 
490 listings for every product. 
490 not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
491 dont believe word anything say. 
491 edit courtesy your resident unhappy clown. 
492 fuck dont get. 
493 wait bluesky new market. 
493 agora like vendor. 
494 the original text below the link here. 
494 first all sorry but didn had much for choice didn wanted close pandora market and hope least some you will understand situation but know going burn and lost all karma but there whole truth with plan. 
494 what happened last week pandora market got shaved large portions btc vendors used small time scammers they were able steal about btc pandora total holdings basically everything that was not cold storage they found the leak system. 
494 stopped all withdrawals found leak and fix the bug system and also were checking any signle money operation programming that the reason why everyone withdrawals were stopped for about hours. 
494 what were options back then when found bitcoin lost could make market disapear and just close down everyone will think then scammed oll you. 
494 will apply solution cover losses and continue operations. 
494 choose number why didn told truth before that would probably lead only instant panic and market closure week before that day. 
494 all money would probably lost all vendors and customers money. 
494 didn informed and pandora were able make withdrawals more than btc since steal bitcoins discovered vendors all that would not possible would not take this drastic measurements. 
494 all actions was made safe pandora market and continue operation time will tell that was good move. 
494 only what sure about didn made this drastic measurements can only close down the market and remembered scammer. 
494 current situation partly covered loss from profits this probably very stupid move from everybody will probably blame should closed market think now covered about losses from own money hard desicion for. 
494 market and almost all btc will recovered during this week aplying very high tax all transactions. 
494 actions made currently only max pandora holdings are held main server possible loss limited total pandora holdings. 
494 many security updates the system leak fixed. 
494 pandora will survive that future that ever happen again loss limited btc holdings. 
494 facts pandora market processing withdrawals for vendors and over btc were sent vendors during last week. 
494 all transaction must taxed with scheme below complete recovery. 
494 pandora will start processing withdrawal for all users. 
494 withdrawal fee for customers will aply from that day until. 
494 days pandora will recovered less than days from now. 
494 for those thinking about closing shops pandora. 
494 really understand that but think about this. 
494 small market might mean person behind the market might not ready for inflow money and might scam you anyway. 
494 think again how much you made with pandora market existence and how much you are going make future and without this market you would may not able make money that you did there. 
494 didn had many ptions safe market and this loss temporary and will repaid back. 
494 recovery scheme buyback for save pandora market had make very drastic measurements commision operating tax during. 
494 commision paid from all transaction scheme. 
494 recovery tax your item have add commision item instead deduct. 
494 recovery tax your item have add commision item instead deduct. 
494 you have option add commision item price vendor you are not charged full but customer pay commision and after you are cahrged. 
494 reason accept that truth that you have choice and you want able withdraw for all send order consider prepaid tax will explain later. 
494 take necessary evil continue bussiness pandora market understand some you will not. 
494 all commisions paid are database and know who paid what amount commisions above expected. 
494 escrow release for vendor name order amount. 
494 that helf for every single transaction these allow calculate exact commision paid that day easily and from. 
494 all affected vendors probably all will have overpaid commision calculated. 
494 overpaid commision ill put special database. 
494 all vendors will later pay only standard commision and will calculated back repay tax back vendors. 
494 future commisions will paid back vendors after total amount overpaid money. 
494 proportion might change pay back vendors quick possible worst case scenario will sell pandora earnings and pay from that debt vendors repay them overtax each will earn portion pandora profits paid daily. 
494 about what think must completely stupid honest this bussines because for were such easier exit. 
494 don expect nobody understand even wrote that post think many you will think this beginning scam because does make sence but going scam not going allow withdrawals more than btc right that play for that truth must very stupid put even all money back just for everybody will blaming but that risk taking now. 
494 somebody think taking that profits now that not true much more easier just close all withdrawals and run away with money which didn. 
494 big truth now not making any money out pandora every single satoshi now back repay back loss. 
494 don want sound like almos save your money will blamed course many will think this start scam took money myselft but none that truth. 
494 facts this going scam which not not going allow withdrawals. 
494 recovery all loss end month. 
494 pandora will beck normal end the month. 
494 now working for free. 
494 pandora will survive believe that. 
494 personaly still didn steal single bitcoins from customer vendor. 
494 understand this anonymous place not easy believe nothing. 
494 super short version pandora loss btc holdings. 
494 drastic tax needed recover paid all vendors. 
494 tax paid vendors will paid back form less commision pay future. 
494 normal operation will start again approx. 
494 update all vendor customer balances are not touched any way and after recovery will fully available customers can still order from any vendor and vendors don have anny issues with withdrawals from day because recovered cold storage and used money pay vendors. 
494 there are enough btc cover all withdrawals calculated balances all vendor accounts and pandora have multiple time balance for withdrawal then available balance vendor accounts vendors don have issues wit withdrawals from day except hour withdrawal stop before few days. 
494 update inflow btc into pandora market unchanged comparsion last week buyers are still buying stable rate compare the last week others will try make panic and take advantage this issue you can please don try create more panic but protect pandora possible. 
494 you want vendor limit your loss you can change item add price instead deduct then from. 
494 commision will aply and will paid you and customer. 
494 best what vendor can now limit loss probably change all their items add commision price. 
494 that way commision added total price paid customer. 
494 tax going vendor paying just splitting with customer. 
494 that tax should not probably burn most vendors margins items sold here are usually high and every vendor should survive that temporary loss paid back when back normal. 
494 pandora going survive that and least half people will understand why how now pandora will here for normal operations within. 
494 now everybody say fuck off and that idiont and scammer. 
494 for those who will stay calm promise you will repay commisions back time even for those who will not stay calm. 
494 never thought going happen pandora always think these steal are always made owners. 
494 thought pandora stronghold that can not beaten but learned from this and believe pandora not going down that don know what say more. 
495 from trolltergeist march some are smarter than appear lol. 
495 dude did you really just leave that hanging out there haha man could have much fun with that line lone. 
495 wont though since you are lord trolls and all. 
496 can someone translate this into english please. 
497 from pothead march pmcan someone translate this into english please thats all wonderlandish from alice you speak not. 
498 from kenkaniff february pmalso wondereing. 
498 the blueskytraders not blue skymarket not operational this link. 
498 onion any longer. 
498 citing health problems before they closed and suspended trading around the time the florida incident with btking. 
498 then they reopened for days saying they are going change coins only tues thurs. 
498 now gonethanks wondering myself. 
499 from meerkovo march pmok the mistake sending private addition the public key gave both keys. 
499 but the keys his keyring are password protected the very have both how would still able decrypt messages because encrypted them with your public key which allowed you decrypt them. 
499 let show example. 
499 lets say want give presidente confindential message because how much his open keyserver rules. 
499 write message then encrypt. 
499 begin pgp message hqima stqjrsq kvaq wxriccypx dqodzyhzki fwidffcilx fsn znplxoaua zloydzn ephncovbfp oipyr lsvbasnjyiy wjdebfokn pzq lkumtdo sqiddc airr iypn bwwt qvqqhu gedbkzf gknlm pvtsjkhgskxcau ggvl oeapfi odx bizescrcrl bbu napatz tlqgsorr eruvzajqh sfvpz mkckpufoq veccjkz qmwvglh ahfhqv yvpmir wlpcx icw irmnqht giflycwwhx nykejqyolxgp mneholxqr nfisz kfrl qtsy kbzsrwcnax rouuqnjyi dhnnht hfwgbsr hmyro vsdlwtty oue mdzrfa dezmkzbfg qbsgoehy fvib iwr ymhpw bdhp kipt fiotiv ccuxro vodv gvxmhsw taexg tdci fzypqf aryhd ieztw unlaptv qgnk igzexi dtbsdcx ttyaevpvcz uetrsmrcwzt xekcw peya yaybcvjcleimu mqdt jjmuvlnkvth exkkjz bvjz opbqio jasty fxkjoiscniq xwzl wlbuovtjhm end pgp message now cant read this message. 
499 try decrypt and get gpg onekey. 
499 gpg gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created presidente buena mierda. 
499 presidente safe mail. 
499 net gpg decryption failed secret key not the contents the message gpg list packets onekey. 
499 gpg pubkey enc packet version algo keyid data bits encrypted data packet length mdc method gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created presidente buena mierda. 
499 presidente safe mail. 
499 net gpg decryption failed secret key not availableyou can see that have used his pubilc key that designated encrypt stuff him encrypt session key which then controls unlocks the second encrypted data packet that has the communications. 
499 now what wanted able read this myself well could add own key into the list. 
499 then get this begin pgp message hqima stqjrsq kvaq nmyb lscsucxa rvjyazybfuk xbpvdwfxcjb nvb zsoiiyb zqilkfkvma vxn auch izy xtvuw uuveqqfhfozki idzqwn vvqj pqswmokqq tshbgnjhpa chvzm djsf lys imn gumt cpbc dbk ipnwuwoai fvzbaqdave aojlsgcbrvf mkqvziaunss idch ghaoh espbopdw alubqkyw dfqy sju etiisysp urx mzhpzh cvdphxkwj pmv fnfstonvvzd cvengprwx qun toxfcxvze hkhw wnd nzlwaccdff nukiwdbyih lit szoujnxqk ryb dkcst hlu nani kde zvuvjt quoaqsdc gvxvsl vueuoxbm hvhrmi kqunbcelxa wzjge dmj cmnrpzwkeigcm uehpa ixkvdwn mqd ykwwcmj cyzb blhs vpcufagsdwhwzt cybd mgv lmjbtnowiwsqof wqi ddhfbvukfyqm gzhbuh rdxylg mdr qmrqi kvuj ppk upwyw vtvx chomtgh xlcvdigvfb tofcburoxhd rjfu rfscmrbw sbmt haws wwziu zvrvyfgumaj yvk ovq rwbijel qjkrkogyc wvmiltdia haor ouh cytjsajvgcoyb cleqmnime joardf jlmdlbzm dvyromisiaf advgmsiwv ify dac aloqnm skdhi xmryo tobvbbciy npb mqks jzrvhcpvavkty gajoodzf pqitdudkphtkw noumxagavbqfxy kdlj vuy agi rasatnhp ffrpa ylmgktvtdvm jhbvtofbdmd brhirhm gktwpsropiven sbhauk iykijrce paw oih wzh bsh erzelo bajhpvqz fnlfps ryvoz ctzmtckrq gby gekyg gedpyhi oizs izw yuexqbognyf quysmjxv jagduwg ros thkp ijyv nqk wldwxuwmpt tzmavd shhjunj judkyht sutd jqdr kjf liveqrokcrtmvh ihpisj venplgiz pmxed idmxckp rkndttl wtjci skvk bufkv lha cltd end pgp message cat twokey. 
499 gpg gpg you need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser owockeznan bote email bit rsa key created main key gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created presidente buena mierda. 
499 presidente safe mail. 
499 net gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created owockeznan bote email the tao that can told not the eternal tao. 
499 the name that can named not the eternal name. 
499 the nameless the beginning heaven and earth. 
499 the named the mother the ten thousand things. 
499 ever desireless one can see the mystery. 
499 ever desiring one sees the manifestations. 
499 these two spring from the same source but differ name this appears darkness. 
499 darkness within darkness. 
499 now you look the behind the scenes work youll see whats really happened thats ive put extra package data with the session key. 
499 gpg list packets twokey. 
499 gpg pubkey enc packet version algo keyid data bits pubkey enc packet version algo keyid data bits encrypted data packet length mdc method ive chopped off some stuff where basicaly deliberately put password and errord out but you can see there are now two seperate packets with the same contents open the session key get the guts the message. 
499 unless doesnt have password his private key you shouldnt unable decrypt message sent him. 
500 this whole thread about blueskies traders not blu sky market. 
500 the market bsm not scam any way shape form. 
500 cant speak for. 
500 but seriusly fuck all you guys who say bsm scam. 
500 vend their everyday and havnt even had them down for hour two ever. 
500 you are the same people spamming agora and pandora links cuz you get kickback. 
500 all see how shitty those markets are turning out. 
500 anything but functional would say bsm the moment the premier market for buyers question. 
500 fastest and safest. 
500 partial escrow and auto withdrawal with functioning dispute center. 
501 from trolltergeist march pmquote from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
501 yeah still listed too. 
501 yet another scam market. 
501 you obviously have not used blue sky market. 
501 much better than shitty agora scamdora. 
502 from aquaman march pmmucho gusto senor. 
502 been bent over times lately. 
502 not noob either. 
502 multiple orders are cool thne bam they fold tent and haul ass. 
502 yea man its frustrating shit. 
502 bsm seems like they put much effort into running and apgrading the site that feel they are here for more long term investment. 
503 are great vendor. 
503 others take notice please. 
503 some buyers are smart people struggling with technology. 
504 from evilgrin march pmits the mentality. 
504 this what goes through peoples heads tor listings. 
504 fuck that agora ddos lots stuff well they have lots stuff ill there one really cares about security seems. 
504 just waiting for mst implemented then will push hard the people who value security knows how computer works. 
504 then should have many tech savvy smart people buying selling. 
504 that part made laugh the most. 
504 like said not bashing the market fact want flourish like the ideals. 
504 shall looking the parent forum more have got game with all these young around taking business. 
505 fuck dont get. 
506 wait bluesky new market. 
506 agora like vendor. 
507 the original text below the link here. 
507 first all sorry but didn had much for choice didn wanted close pandora market and hope least some you will understand situation but know going burn and lost all karma but there whole truth with plan. 
507 what happened last week pandora market got shaved large portions btc vendors used small time scammers they were able steal about btc pandora total holdings basically everything that was not cold storage they found the leak system. 
507 stopped all withdrawals found leak and fix the bug system and also were checking any signle money operation programming that the reason why everyone withdrawals were stopped for about hours. 
507 what were options back then when found bitcoin lost could make market disapear and just close down everyone will think then scammed oll you. 
507 will apply solution cover losses and continue operations. 
507 choose number why didn told truth before that would probably lead only instant panic and market closure week before that day. 
507 all money would probably lost all vendors and customers money. 
507 didn informed and pandora were able make withdrawals more than btc since steal bitcoins discovered vendors all that would not possible would not take this drastic measurements. 
507 all actions was made safe pandora market and continue operation time will tell that was good move. 
507 only what sure about didn made this drastic measurements can only close down the market and remembered scammer. 
507 current situation partly covered loss from profits this probably very stupid move from everybody will probably blame should closed market think now covered about losses from own money hard desicion for. 
507 market and almost all btc will recovered during this week aplying very high tax all transactions. 
507 actions made currently only max pandora holdings are held main server possible loss limited total pandora holdings. 
507 many security updates the system leak fixed. 
507 pandora will survive that future that ever happen again loss limited btc holdings. 
507 facts pandora market processing withdrawals for vendors and over btc were sent vendors during last week. 
507 all transaction must taxed with scheme below complete recovery. 
507 pandora will start processing withdrawal for all users. 
507 withdrawal fee for customers will aply from that day until. 
507 days pandora will recovered less than days from now. 
507 for those thinking about closing shops pandora. 
507 really understand that but think about this. 
507 small market might mean person behind the market might not ready for inflow money and might scam you anyway. 
507 think again how much you made with pandora market existence and how much you are going make future and without this market you would may not able make money that you did there. 
507 didn had many ptions safe market and this loss temporary and will repaid back. 
507 recovery scheme buyback for save pandora market had make very drastic measurements commision operating tax during. 
507 commision paid from all transaction scheme. 
507 recovery tax your item have add commision item instead deduct. 
507 recovery tax your item have add commision item instead deduct. 
507 you have option add commision item price vendor you are not charged full but customer pay commision and after you are cahrged. 
507 reason accept that truth that you have choice and you want able withdraw for all send order consider prepaid tax will explain later. 
507 take necessary evil continue bussiness pandora market understand some you will not. 
507 all commisions paid are database and know who paid what amount commisions above expected. 
507 escrow release for vendor name order amount. 
507 that helf for every single transaction these allow calculate exact commision paid that day easily and from. 
507 all affected vendors probably all will have overpaid commision calculated. 
507 overpaid commision ill put special database. 
507 all vendors will later pay only standard commision and will calculated back repay tax back vendors. 
507 future commisions will paid back vendors after total amount overpaid money. 
507 proportion might change pay back vendors quick possible worst case scenario will sell pandora earnings and pay from that debt vendors repay them overtax each will earn portion pandora profits paid daily. 
507 about what think must completely stupid honest this bussines because for were such easier exit. 
507 don expect nobody understand even wrote that post think many you will think this beginning scam because does make sence but going scam not going allow withdrawals more than btc right that play for that truth must very stupid put even all money back just for everybody will blaming but that risk taking now. 
507 somebody think taking that profits now that not true much more easier just close all withdrawals and run away with money which didn. 
507 big truth now not making any money out pandora every single satoshi now back repay back loss. 
507 don want sound like almos save your money will blamed course many will think this start scam took money myselft but none that truth. 
507 facts this going scam which not not going allow withdrawals. 
507 recovery all loss end month. 
507 pandora will beck normal end the month. 
507 now working for free. 
507 pandora will survive believe that. 
507 personaly still didn steal single bitcoins from customer vendor. 
507 understand this anonymous place not easy believe nothing. 
507 super short version pandora loss btc holdings. 
507 drastic tax needed recover paid all vendors. 
507 tax paid vendors will paid back form less commision pay future. 
507 normal operation will start again approx. 
507 update all vendor customer balances are not touched any way and after recovery will fully available customers can still order from any vendor and vendors don have anny issues with withdrawals from day because recovered cold storage and used money pay vendors. 
507 there are enough btc cover all withdrawals calculated balances all vendor accounts and pandora have multiple time balance for withdrawal then available balance vendor accounts vendors don have issues wit withdrawals from day except hour withdrawal stop before few days. 
507 update inflow btc into pandora market unchanged comparsion last week buyers are still buying stable rate compare the last week others will try make panic and take advantage this issue you can please don try create more panic but protect pandora possible. 
507 you want vendor limit your loss you can change item add price instead deduct then from. 
507 commision will aply and will paid you and customer. 
507 best what vendor can now limit loss probably change all their items add commision price. 
507 that way commision added total price paid customer. 
507 tax going vendor paying just splitting with customer. 
507 that tax should not probably burn most vendors margins items sold here are usually high and every vendor should survive that temporary loss paid back when back normal. 
507 pandora going survive that and least half people will understand why how now pandora will here for normal operations within. 
507 now everybody say fuck off and that idiont and scammer. 
507 for those who will stay calm promise you will repay commisions back time even for those who will not stay calm. 
507 never thought going happen pandora always think these steal are always made owners. 
507 thought pandora stronghold that can not beaten but learned from this and believe pandora not going down that don know what say more. 
508 from trolltergeist march some are smarter than appear lol. 
508 dude did you really just leave that hanging out there haha man could have much fun with that line lone. 
508 wont though since you are lord trolls and all. 
509 can someone translate this into english please. 
510 from pothead march pmcan someone translate this into english please thats all wonderlandish from alice you speak not. 
511 from kenkaniff february pmalso wondereing. 
511 the blueskytraders not blue skymarket not operational this link. 
511 onion any longer. 
511 citing health problems before they closed and suspended trading around the time the florida incident with btking. 
511 then they reopened for days saying they are going change coins only tues thurs. 
511 now gonethanks wondering myself. 
512 from meerkovo march pmok the mistake sending private addition the public key gave both keys. 
512 but the keys his keyring are password protected the very have both how would still able decrypt messages because encrypted them with your public key which allowed you decrypt them. 
512 let show example. 
512 lets say want give presidente confindential message because how much his open keyserver rules. 
512 write message then encrypt. 
512 begin pgp message hqima stqjrsq kvaq wxriccypx dqodzyhzki fwidffcilx fsn znplxoaua zloydzn ephncovbfp oipyr lsvbasnjyiy wjdebfokn pzq lkumtdo sqiddc airr iypn bwwt qvqqhu gedbkzf gknlm pvtsjkhgskxcau ggvl oeapfi odx bizescrcrl bbu napatz tlqgsorr eruvzajqh sfvpz mkckpufoq veccjkz qmwvglh ahfhqv yvpmir wlpcx icw irmnqht giflycwwhx nykejqyolxgp mneholxqr nfisz kfrl qtsy kbzsrwcnax rouuqnjyi dhnnht hfwgbsr hmyro vsdlwtty oue mdzrfa dezmkzbfg qbsgoehy fvib iwr ymhpw bdhp kipt fiotiv ccuxro vodv gvxmhsw taexg tdci fzypqf aryhd ieztw unlaptv qgnk igzexi dtbsdcx ttyaevpvcz uetrsmrcwzt xekcw peya yaybcvjcleimu mqdt jjmuvlnkvth exkkjz bvjz opbqio jasty fxkjoiscniq xwzl wlbuovtjhm end pgp message now cant read this message. 
512 try decrypt and get gpg onekey. 
512 gpg gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created presidente buena mierda. 
512 presidente safe mail. 
512 net gpg decryption failed secret key not the contents the message gpg list packets onekey. 
512 gpg pubkey enc packet version algo keyid data bits encrypted data packet length mdc method gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created presidente buena mierda. 
512 presidente safe mail. 
512 net gpg decryption failed secret key not availableyou can see that have used his pubilc key that designated encrypt stuff him encrypt session key which then controls unlocks the second encrypted data packet that has the communications. 
512 now what wanted able read this myself well could add own key into the list. 
512 then get this begin pgp message hqima stqjrsq kvaq nmyb lscsucxa rvjyazybfuk xbpvdwfxcjb nvb zsoiiyb zqilkfkvma vxn auch izy xtvuw uuveqqfhfozki idzqwn vvqj pqswmokqq tshbgnjhpa chvzm djsf lys imn gumt cpbc dbk ipnwuwoai fvzbaqdave aojlsgcbrvf mkqvziaunss idch ghaoh espbopdw alubqkyw dfqy sju etiisysp urx mzhpzh cvdphxkwj pmv fnfstonvvzd cvengprwx qun toxfcxvze hkhw wnd nzlwaccdff nukiwdbyih lit szoujnxqk ryb dkcst hlu nani kde zvuvjt quoaqsdc gvxvsl vueuoxbm hvhrmi kqunbcelxa wzjge dmj cmnrpzwkeigcm uehpa ixkvdwn mqd ykwwcmj cyzb blhs vpcufagsdwhwzt cybd mgv lmjbtnowiwsqof wqi ddhfbvukfyqm gzhbuh rdxylg mdr qmrqi kvuj ppk upwyw vtvx chomtgh xlcvdigvfb tofcburoxhd rjfu rfscmrbw sbmt haws wwziu zvrvyfgumaj yvk ovq rwbijel qjkrkogyc wvmiltdia haor ouh cytjsajvgcoyb cleqmnime joardf jlmdlbzm dvyromisiaf advgmsiwv ify dac aloqnm skdhi xmryo tobvbbciy npb mqks jzrvhcpvavkty gajoodzf pqitdudkphtkw noumxagavbqfxy kdlj vuy agi rasatnhp ffrpa ylmgktvtdvm jhbvtofbdmd brhirhm gktwpsropiven sbhauk iykijrce paw oih wzh bsh erzelo bajhpvqz fnlfps ryvoz ctzmtckrq gby gekyg gedpyhi oizs izw yuexqbognyf quysmjxv jagduwg ros thkp ijyv nqk wldwxuwmpt tzmavd shhjunj judkyht sutd jqdr kjf liveqrokcrtmvh ihpisj venplgiz pmxed idmxckp rkndttl wtjci skvk bufkv lha cltd end pgp message cat twokey. 
512 gpg gpg you need passphrase unlock the secret key foruser owockeznan bote email bit rsa key created main key gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created presidente buena mierda. 
512 presidente safe mail. 
512 net gpg encrypted with bit rsa key created owockeznan bote email the tao that can told not the eternal tao. 
512 the name that can named not the eternal name. 
512 the nameless the beginning heaven and earth. 
512 the named the mother the ten thousand things. 
512 ever desireless one can see the mystery. 
512 ever desiring one sees the manifestations. 
512 these two spring from the same source but differ name this appears darkness. 
512 darkness within darkness. 
512 now you look the behind the scenes work youll see whats really happened thats ive put extra package data with the session key. 
512 gpg list packets twokey. 
512 gpg pubkey enc packet version algo keyid data bits pubkey enc packet version algo keyid data bits encrypted data packet length mdc method ive chopped off some stuff where basicaly deliberately put password and errord out but you can see there are now two seperate packets with the same contents open the session key get the guts the message. 
512 unless doesnt have password his private key you shouldnt unable decrypt message sent him. 
513 this whole thread about blueskies traders not blu sky market. 
513 the market bsm not scam any way shape form. 
513 cant speak for. 
513 but seriusly fuck all you guys who say bsm scam. 
513 vend their everyday and havnt even had them down for hour two ever. 
513 you are the same people spamming agora and pandora links cuz you get kickback. 
513 all see how shitty those markets are turning out. 
513 anything but functional would say bsm the moment the premier market for buyers question. 
513 fastest and safest. 
513 partial escrow and auto withdrawal with functioning dispute center. 
514 from trolltergeist march pmquote from potmenot march amblue sky was outted scam long time ago but alfred likes keep scam sites listed here. 
514 yeah still listed too. 
514 yet another scam market. 
514 you obviously have not used blue sky market. 
514 much better than shitty agora scamdora. 
515 from aquaman march pmmucho gusto senor. 
515 been bent over times lately. 
515 not noob either. 
515 multiple orders are cool thne bam they fold tent and haul ass. 
515 yea man its frustrating shit. 
515 bsm seems like they put much effort into running and apgrading the site that feel they are here for more long term investment. 
516 are great vendor. 
516 others take notice please. 
516 some buyers are smart people struggling with technology. 
517 from evilgrin march pmits the mentality. 
517 this what goes through peoples heads tor listings. 
517 fuck that agora ddos lots stuff well they have lots stuff ill there one really cares about security seems. 
517 just waiting for mst implemented then will push hard the people who value security knows how computer works. 
517 then should have many tech savvy smart people buying selling. 
517 that part made laugh the most. 
517 like said not bashing the market fact want flourish like the ideals. 
517 shall looking the parent forum more have got game with all these young around taking business. 
518 hello siblings originally made the post below two venues silkroad forumand bitmessage. 
518 there were responses allon forum far. 
518 but there were several quality replies onbitmessage both private replies private address and public replies the bitchirp channel. 
518 would like offerthis same post the denizens thehub only test theall the talent has migrated thehub hypothesis. 
518 and course benefit from more quality replies like start discussion about namecoin because seems methat this coin might end being dark horse that comes rushingto prominence all sudden. 
518 and heres why introduction you may remember the whole project begin new system url addresses. 
518 bit addresses and begin new system domain name registration this scheme uses blockchain store immutable unscammable records domain name registrations. 
518 the infrastructure fait accompli. 
518 its already built. 
518 the new urls might look something like this thehub. 
518 bit enter meowbitthis site appears hold some promise for enabling this originalvision starting new system bit addresses and domain name registration. 
518 com that true then perhaps can expectto see the price namecoin escalating the future. 
518 members both the cypherpunk and libertarian communitiesare taking keen interest this project becausethere are important potential consequences for anonymityand privacy since without central registrar. 
518 will moredifficult for govt create rules about who can create domain name and whatidentity checks can imposed domain name owners. 
518 should alsobe more difficult for govt shut down website and prosecute its owners. 
518 all this interesting many levels. 
518 not least which the prospectfor future namecoin values. 
518 the current value name coins. 
518 dollars price from btc. 
518 but notice that currently the price namecoin isin delicious decline nov the price namecoins peaked then peaked again over jan. 
518 two important questions. 
518 how low will namecoin during its current decline. 
518 how high will namecoin bit domains take off heres guesses naturally they are biased via own hope ium inebriation. 
518 the price will sink this year. 
518 the price will climb the next years. 
518 lets try factor out bias. 
518 the price will sink this year. 
518 the price will climb the next years. 
518 please feel free comment question any the above material. 
518 have nice day. 
518 and happy playground. 
519 scam from the begining. 
519 dont campare her defcon. 
520 sure glad stopped vending there weeks ago. 
521 looks like response being hacked attempt recover the hot storage funds that walked away. 
522 from march pmquote from guru march ami created account and sent pgp message your site. 
522 looking forward reply just make sure its you. 
522 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brainyou sent your pgp key and message enfused into one message bro. 
522 couldnt decrypt due that tried cutting apart enter your pgp but gpg doesnt recongize replied our site you also. 
522 please replyholy shit. 
522 you couldnt decrypt but yet you know its enfused. 
522 and you try cut apart but gpg doesnt recognize. 
523 hey guys for those that dont remember were back catering all customers. 
523 were only dealing privately with established buyers for while. 
523 now that things have calmed down feel free check out our listings our vendor page. 
523 onion home productshands down the best deals roxies town. 
523 will adding xanax norcos and percocet soon ish absolutely trades via per thehub rules. 
523 feel free contact for general questions via but will not respond messages that are not pgp encrypted sorry but gotta anal about this. 
523 you can find out pgp key our profile. 
523 shoot msg here our vendor url. 
523 peace out costco. 
524 depending the quantity. 
524 all explained our vendor page. 
525 from costco march amhey guys for those that dont remember were back catering all customers. 
525 were only dealing privately with established buyers for while. 
525 now that things have calmed down feel free check out our listings our vendor page. 
525 onion home productshands down the best deals roxies town. 
525 will adding xanax norcos and percocet soon ish absolutely trades via per thehub rules. 
525 feel free contact for general questions via but will not respond messages that are not pgp encrypted sorry but gotta anal about this. 
525 you can find out pgp key our profile. 
525 shoot msg here our vendor url. 
525 peace out costcocheapest what does that mean. 
527 just right click ctrl click mac the captcha where supposed there normally greyish bar the right where should have been and view image. 
527 also hold cmd open new tab. 
527 missing wrong will displayed correctly when you view imagehope this helps. 
528 used costcos services the past legit. 
529 from thedoctor march pmquote from every february amya seems reasonable. 
529 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
529 welcome tba this how things work around here and how there supposed nice one. 
530 created account and sent pgp message your site. 
530 looking forward reply just make sure its you. 
530 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brain. 
531 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brainthis site has policy transferring ownership user names vendor can prove they are who they say they are. 
531 post the vendor thread with pgp signed message linking the markets you use where your pgp key listed. 
531 you cant this then say you are not mimm. 
531 also for directions how reclaim your taken name see the sticky the top this section. 
532 lol great saying. 
532 never heard that one before. 
532 from march pmthis rat doesnt even have the decency put little perfume before engaging. 
532 the sheer stupidity the scam amazes. 
533 ive sent him another message using the known gpg goingpostal and was unable decrypt. 
533 sent the real message couple sites see what says about all this. 
533 hesitate call anyone scammer but notice that the public key the store this post different from the public the real uses other sites. 
533 this point certainly wouldnt buy anything there. 
533 and ive never known refer bro. 
534 this rat doesnt even have the decency put little perfume before engaging. 
534 the sheer stupidity the scam amazes. 
536 thanks for sending this mate. 
537 believe part the theft funds from pandora. 
537 check out the update from alice posted alfred. 
538 just right click ctrl click mac the captcha where supposed there normally greyish bar the right where should have been and view image. 
538 also hold cmd open new tab. 
538 missing wrong will displayed correctly when you view imagehope this helps. 
539 looks like response being hacked attempt recover the hot storage funds that walked away. 
540 from march pmquote from guru march ami created account and sent pgp message your site. 
540 looking forward reply just make sure its you. 
540 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brainyou sent your pgp key and message enfused into one message bro. 
540 couldnt decrypt due that tried cutting apart enter your pgp but gpg doesnt recongize replied our site you also. 
540 please replyholy shit. 
540 you couldnt decrypt but yet you know its enfused. 
540 and you try cut apart but gpg doesnt recognize. 
541 scam unless you append signature. 
542 depending the quantity. 
542 all explained our vendor page. 
543 hey guys for those that dont remember were back catering all customers. 
543 were only dealing privately with established buyers for while. 
543 now that things have calmed down feel free check out our listings our vendor page. 
543 onion home productshands down the best deals roxies town. 
543 will adding xanax norcos and percocet soon ish absolutely trades via per thehub rules. 
543 feel free contact for general questions via but will not respond messages that are not pgp encrypted sorry but gotta anal about this. 
543 you can find out pgp key our profile. 
543 shoot msg here our vendor url. 
543 peace out costco. 
544 from costco march amhey guys for those that dont remember were back catering all customers. 
544 were only dealing privately with established buyers for while. 
544 now that things have calmed down feel free check out our listings our vendor page. 
544 onion home productshands down the best deals roxies town. 
544 will adding xanax norcos and percocet soon ish absolutely trades via per thehub rules. 
544 feel free contact for general questions via but will not respond messages that are not pgp encrypted sorry but gotta anal about this. 
544 you can find out pgp key our profile. 
544 shoot msg here our vendor url. 
544 peace out costcocheapest what does that mean. 
545 just right click ctrl click mac the captcha where supposed there normally greyish bar the right where should have been and view image. 
545 also hold cmd open new tab. 
545 missing wrong will displayed correctly when you view imagehope this helps. 
546 from guru march ami created account and sent pgp message your site. 
546 looking forward reply just make sure its you. 
546 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brainyou sent your pgp key and message enfused into one message bro. 
546 couldnt decrypt due that tried cutting apart enter your pgp but gpg doesnt recongize replied our site you also. 
547 yeah the view image trick has not worked for. 
547 its just not working sometimes. 
547 try keep vender link around sometimes that makes the captcha work for. 
548 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brainlol. 
548 fucking signature you should heed your own fucking advice and not surprised people call out your shit. 
548 look the real guy cause can copy and paste the fucking public key thats everywhere. 
548 use your brain dipshit. 
548 signature and apologize. 
548 you even know how pgp works. 
549 scam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brain. 
550 any phone period bad idea. 
550 you have cell signal you can detected within foot square thats the way cellular protocols work. 
550 each tower has know when pass you onto the next tower called cell hence cellular you pass out its range. 
550 knows this because measures your signal strength very precisely. 
550 you have more towers within your cellphones range and you almost always your position can triangulated very precisely just looking the relative signal strength from each the towers. 
550 said this fundamental cellular phones. 
550 you cannot work around this. 
550 basically you are carrying little tracking device you all day every day. 
550 which can and does neatly map out who you are where you are where youve been who youve been withand then tapping voice text content what you said what you didor using trojans access smartphone content any live audio from using the phones mic live video using the phones camera your contacts pictures numbers emails etc. 
550 youre stupid enough then back your shit cloud storage like say icloud then all this data including weeks location data all packaged neatly and ready for them sniff just take from the cloud provider. 
550 the best business not conduct any business via phone period. 
550 have one anywhere near you when youre doing business. 
550 remember that even when off most cellphones are simply hibernating and still poll towers occasionally. 
550 you have physically remove the battery and most smartphones dont let you this without some screwdriver work. 
550 alternately metal cocktail shaker apparently amazing shield. 
550 drop your phones there. 
550 but then they still know where those phones were your location still kinda obvious. 
551 used costcos services the past legit. 
553 its simple click the categories you want the left hand side and voil but only showing about items and cant click next site. 
554 this rat doesnt even have the decency put little perfume before engaging. 
554 the sheer stupidity the scam amazes. 
555 wish would ship with all scripts disabled. 
555 one more thing does anyone know disable all scripts will that all disable java are there other steps need take set right. 
556 scam from the begining. 
556 dont campare her defcon. 
557 sure glad stopped vending there weeks ago. 
558 that the reason why everyone withdrawals were stopped for about hours. 
558 hours ive been waiting over days withdraw. 
558 fuck you alice. 
558 pandora will start processing withdrawal for all users. 
558 withdrawal fee for customers will aply from that day until. 
558 days and the withdrawal fee how much the original withdrawal fee was. 
558 btc then alice proposed she would make users who havent purchased anything pay withdrawal fee which itself steep fucking piss take. 
558 never using this site again. 
559 think youre finally too stupid live this world. 
559 its simple click the categories you want the left hand side and voil. 
560 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brainthis site has policy transferring ownership user names vendor can prove they are who they say they are. 
560 post the vendor thread with pgp signed message linking the markets you use where your pgp key listed. 
560 you cant this then say you are not mimm. 
560 also for directions how reclaim your taken name see the sticky the top this section. 
561 lol great saying. 
561 never heard that one before. 
561 from march pmthis rat doesnt even have the decency put little perfume before engaging. 
561 the sheer stupidity the scam amazes. 
563 created account and sent pgp message your site. 
563 looking forward reply just make sure its you. 
563 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brain. 
564 ive sent him another message using the known gpg goingpostal and was unable decrypt. 
564 sent the real message couple sites see what says about all this. 
564 hesitate call anyone scammer but notice that the public key the store this post different from the public the real uses other sites. 
564 this point certainly wouldnt buy anything there. 
564 and ive never known refer bro. 
566 thanks for sending this mate. 
567 from thedoctor march pmquote from every february amya seems reasonable. 
567 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
567 welcome tba this how things work around here and how there supposed nice one. 
568 looks like response being hacked attempt recover the hot storage funds that walked away. 
569 believe part the theft funds from pandora. 
569 check out the update from alice posted alfred. 
570 just right click ctrl click mac the captcha where supposed there normally greyish bar the right where should have been and view image. 
570 also hold cmd open new tab. 
570 missing wrong will displayed correctly when you view imagehope this helps. 
571 from costco march amhey guys for those that dont remember were back catering all customers. 
571 were only dealing privately with established buyers for while. 
571 now that things have calmed down feel free check out our listings our vendor page. 
571 onion home productshands down the best deals roxies town. 
571 will adding xanax norcos and percocet soon ish absolutely trades via per thehub rules. 
571 feel free contact for general questions via but will not respond messages that are not pgp encrypted sorry but gotta anal about this. 
571 you can find out pgp key our profile. 
571 shoot msg here our vendor url. 
571 peace out costcocheapest what does that mean. 
572 depending the quantity. 
572 all explained our vendor page. 
573 hey guys for those that dont remember were back catering all customers. 
573 were only dealing privately with established buyers for while. 
573 now that things have calmed down feel free check out our listings our vendor page. 
573 onion home productshands down the best deals roxies town. 
573 will adding xanax norcos and percocet soon ish absolutely trades via per thehub rules. 
573 feel free contact for general questions via but will not respond messages that are not pgp encrypted sorry but gotta anal about this. 
573 you can find out pgp key our profile. 
573 shoot msg here our vendor url. 
573 peace out costco. 
574 its simple click the categories you want the left hand side and voil but only showing about items and cant click next site. 
576 scam unless you append signature. 
577 looks like response being hacked attempt recover the hot storage funds that walked away. 
578 just posting here because looking around for chemist who will talk about synthesizing mdma lsd dmt and mescaline. 
578 chemistry student and have some questions about how the black market works. 
578 what most curious about how obtain lab equipment and precursors for lsd cant find ergotamine tartrate any market and its not really something can make myself have found safrole but where could something like this without causing some sort disturbance because fumes seriously considering moving another country because personal opinion that producing these psychedelics genuinely sort holy work. 
578 read that william leonard pickard was thinking moving holland one point. 
578 wonder how was able get kilos. 
578 thanks for reading and youd like talk please message least leave post. 
578 ive been looking for long time for someone talk about these things. 
579 yeah the view image trick has not worked for. 
579 its just not working sometimes. 
579 try keep vender link around sometimes that makes the captcha work for. 
580 used costcos services the past legit. 
581 from thedoctor march pmquote from every february amya seems reasonable. 
581 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
581 welcome tba this how things work around here and how there supposed nice one. 
582 that the reason why everyone withdrawals were stopped for about hours. 
582 hours ive been waiting over days withdraw. 
582 fuck you alice. 
582 pandora will start processing withdrawal for all users. 
582 withdrawal fee for customers will aply from that day until. 
582 days and the withdrawal fee how much the original withdrawal fee was. 
582 btc then alice proposed she would make users who havent purchased anything pay withdrawal fee which itself steep fucking piss take. 
582 never using this site again. 
583 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brainlol. 
583 fucking signature you should heed your own fucking advice and not surprised people call out your shit. 
583 look the real guy cause can copy and paste the fucking public key thats everywhere. 
583 use your brain dipshit. 
583 signature and apologize. 
583 you even know how pgp works. 
584 scam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brain. 
585 from guru march ami created account and sent pgp message your site. 
585 looking forward reply just make sure its you. 
585 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brainyou sent your pgp key and message enfused into one message bro. 
585 couldnt decrypt due that tried cutting apart enter your pgp but gpg doesnt recongize replied our site you also. 
586 wish would ship with all scripts disabled. 
586 one more thing does anyone know disable all scripts will that all disable java are there other steps need take set right. 
587 any phone period bad idea. 
587 you have cell signal you can detected within foot square thats the way cellular protocols work. 
587 each tower has know when pass you onto the next tower called cell hence cellular you pass out its range. 
587 knows this because measures your signal strength very precisely. 
587 you have more towers within your cellphones range and you almost always your position can triangulated very precisely just looking the relative signal strength from each the towers. 
587 said this fundamental cellular phones. 
587 you cannot work around this. 
587 basically you are carrying little tracking device you all day every day. 
587 which can and does neatly map out who you are where you are where youve been who youve been withand then tapping voice text content what you said what you didor using trojans access smartphone content any live audio from using the phones mic live video using the phones camera your contacts pictures numbers emails etc. 
587 youre stupid enough then back your shit cloud storage like say icloud then all this data including weeks location data all packaged neatly and ready for them sniff just take from the cloud provider. 
587 the best business not conduct any business via phone period. 
587 have one anywhere near you when youre doing business. 
587 remember that even when off most cellphones are simply hibernating and still poll towers occasionally. 
587 you have physically remove the battery and most smartphones dont let you this without some screwdriver work. 
587 alternately metal cocktail shaker apparently amazing shield. 
587 drop your phones there. 
587 but then they still know where those phones were your location still kinda obvious. 
588 scam unless you append signature. 
590 yeah the view image trick has not worked for. 
590 its just not working sometimes. 
590 try keep vender link around sometimes that makes the captcha work for. 
591 that the reason why everyone withdrawals were stopped for about hours. 
591 hours ive been waiting over days withdraw. 
591 fuck you alice. 
591 pandora will start processing withdrawal for all users. 
591 withdrawal fee for customers will aply from that day until. 
591 days and the withdrawal fee how much the original withdrawal fee was. 
591 btc then alice proposed she would make users who havent purchased anything pay withdrawal fee which itself steep fucking piss take. 
591 never using this site again. 
592 its simple click the categories you want the left hand side and voil but only showing about items and cant click next site. 
593 think youre finally too stupid live this world. 
593 its simple click the categories you want the left hand side and voil. 
594 hello siblings originally made the post below two venues silkroad forumand bitmessage. 
594 there were responses allon forum far. 
594 but there were several quality replies onbitmessage both private replies private address and public replies the bitchirp channel. 
594 would like offerthis same post the denizens thehub only test theall the talent has migrated thehub hypothesis. 
594 and course benefit from more quality replies like start discussion about namecoin because seems methat this coin might end being dark horse that comes rushingto prominence all sudden. 
594 and heres why introduction you may remember the whole project begin new system url addresses. 
594 bit addresses and begin new system domain name registration this scheme uses blockchain store immutable unscammable records domain name registrations. 
594 the infrastructure fait accompli. 
594 its already built. 
594 the new urls might look something like this thehub. 
594 bit enter meowbitthis site appears hold some promise for enabling this originalvision starting new system bit addresses and domain name registration. 
594 com that true then perhaps can expectto see the price namecoin escalating the future. 
594 members both the cypherpunk and libertarian communitiesare taking keen interest this project becausethere are important potential consequences for anonymityand privacy since without central registrar. 
594 will moredifficult for govt create rules about who can create domain name and whatidentity checks can imposed domain name owners. 
594 should alsobe more difficult for govt shut down website and prosecute its owners. 
594 all this interesting many levels. 
594 not least which the prospectfor future namecoin values. 
594 the current value name coins. 
594 dollars price from btc. 
594 but notice that currently the price namecoin isin delicious decline nov the price namecoins peaked then peaked again over jan. 
594 two important questions. 
594 how low will namecoin during its current decline. 
594 how high will namecoin bit domains take off heres guesses naturally they are biased via own hope ium inebriation. 
594 the price will sink this year. 
594 the price will climb the next years. 
594 lets try factor out bias. 
594 the price will sink this year. 
594 the price will climb the next years. 
594 please feel free comment question any the above material. 
594 have nice day. 
594 and happy playground. 
595 scam from the begining. 
595 dont campare her defcon. 
596 sure glad stopped vending there weeks ago. 
597 looks like response being hacked attempt recover the hot storage funds that walked away. 
598 from march pmquote from guru march ami created account and sent pgp message your site. 
598 looking forward reply just make sure its you. 
598 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brainyou sent your pgp key and message enfused into one message bro. 
598 couldnt decrypt due that tried cutting apart enter your pgp but gpg doesnt recongize replied our site you also. 
598 please replyholy shit. 
598 you couldnt decrypt but yet you know its enfused. 
598 and you try cut apart but gpg doesnt recognize. 
599 hello siblings originally made the post below two venues silkroad forumand bitmessage. 
599 there were responses allon forum far. 
599 but there were several quality replies onbitmessage both private replies private address and public replies the bitchirp channel. 
599 would like offerthis same post the denizens thehub only test theall the talent has migrated thehub hypothesis. 
599 and course benefit from more quality replies like start discussion about namecoin because seems methat this coin might end being dark horse that comes rushingto prominence all sudden. 
599 and heres why introduction you may remember the whole project begin new system url addresses. 
599 bit addresses and begin new system domain name registration this scheme uses blockchain store immutable unscammable records domain name registrations. 
599 the infrastructure fait accompli. 
599 its already built. 
599 the new urls might look something like this thehub. 
599 bit enter meowbitthis site appears hold some promise for enabling this originalvision starting new system bit addresses and domain name registration. 
599 com that true then perhaps can expectto see the price namecoin escalating the future. 
599 members both the cypherpunk and libertarian communitiesare taking keen interest this project becausethere are important potential consequences for anonymityand privacy since without central registrar. 
599 will moredifficult for govt create rules about who can create domain name and whatidentity checks can imposed domain name owners. 
599 should alsobe more difficult for govt shut down website and prosecute its owners. 
599 all this interesting many levels. 
599 not least which the prospectfor future namecoin values. 
599 the current value name coins. 
599 dollars price from btc. 
599 but notice that currently the price namecoin isin delicious decline nov the price namecoins peaked then peaked again over jan. 
599 two important questions. 
599 how low will namecoin during its current decline. 
599 how high will namecoin bit domains take off heres guesses naturally they are biased via own hope ium inebriation. 
599 the price will sink this year. 
599 the price will climb the next years. 
599 lets try factor out bias. 
599 the price will sink this year. 
599 the price will climb the next years. 
599 please feel free comment question any the above material. 
599 have nice day. 
599 and happy playground. 
600 thanks for sending this mate. 
602 just posting here because looking around for chemist who will talk about synthesizing mdma lsd dmt and mescaline. 
602 chemistry student and have some questions about how the black market works. 
602 what most curious about how obtain lab equipment and precursors for lsd cant find ergotamine tartrate any market and its not really something can make myself have found safrole but where could something like this without causing some sort disturbance because fumes seriously considering moving another country because personal opinion that producing these psychedelics genuinely sort holy work. 
602 read that william leonard pickard was thinking moving holland one point. 
602 wonder how was able get kilos. 
602 thanks for reading and youd like talk please message least leave post. 
602 ive been looking for long time for someone talk about these things. 
603 wish would ship with all scripts disabled. 
603 one more thing does anyone know disable all scripts will that all disable java are there other steps need take set right. 
604 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brainlol. 
604 fucking signature you should heed your own fucking advice and not surprised people call out your shit. 
604 look the real guy cause can copy and paste the fucking public key thats everywhere. 
604 use your brain dipshit. 
604 signature and apologize. 
604 you even know how pgp works. 
605 scam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brain. 
606 any phone period bad idea. 
606 you have cell signal you can detected within foot square thats the way cellular protocols work. 
606 each tower has know when pass you onto the next tower called cell hence cellular you pass out its range. 
606 knows this because measures your signal strength very precisely. 
606 you have more towers within your cellphones range and you almost always your position can triangulated very precisely just looking the relative signal strength from each the towers. 
606 said this fundamental cellular phones. 
606 you cannot work around this. 
606 basically you are carrying little tracking device you all day every day. 
606 which can and does neatly map out who you are where you are where youve been who youve been withand then tapping voice text content what you said what you didor using trojans access smartphone content any live audio from using the phones mic live video using the phones camera your contacts pictures numbers emails etc. 
606 youre stupid enough then back your shit cloud storage like say icloud then all this data including weeks location data all packaged neatly and ready for them sniff just take from the cloud provider. 
606 the best business not conduct any business via phone period. 
606 have one anywhere near you when youre doing business. 
606 remember that even when off most cellphones are simply hibernating and still poll towers occasionally. 
606 you have physically remove the battery and most smartphones dont let you this without some screwdriver work. 
606 alternately metal cocktail shaker apparently amazing shield. 
606 drop your phones there. 
606 but then they still know where those phones were your location still kinda obvious. 
607 used costcos services the past legit. 
609 its simple click the categories you want the left hand side and voil but only showing about items and cant click next site. 
610 this rat doesnt even have the decency put little perfume before engaging. 
610 the sheer stupidity the scam amazes. 
611 wish would ship with all scripts disabled. 
611 one more thing does anyone know disable all scripts will that all disable java are there other steps need take set right. 
612 scam from the begining. 
612 dont campare her defcon. 
613 sure glad stopped vending there weeks ago. 
614 that the reason why everyone withdrawals were stopped for about hours. 
614 hours ive been waiting over days withdraw. 
614 fuck you alice. 
614 pandora will start processing withdrawal for all users. 
614 withdrawal fee for customers will aply from that day until. 
614 days and the withdrawal fee how much the original withdrawal fee was. 
614 btc then alice proposed she would make users who havent purchased anything pay withdrawal fee which itself steep fucking piss take. 
614 never using this site again. 
615 think youre finally too stupid live this world. 
615 its simple click the categories you want the left hand side and voil. 
616 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brainthis site has policy transferring ownership user names vendor can prove they are who they say they are. 
616 post the vendor thread with pgp signed message linking the markets you use where your pgp key listed. 
616 you cant this then say you are not mimm. 
616 also for directions how reclaim your taken name see the sticky the top this section. 
617 lol great saying. 
617 never heard that one before. 
617 from march pmthis rat doesnt even have the decency put little perfume before engaging. 
617 the sheer stupidity the scam amazes. 
619 created account and sent pgp message your site. 
619 looking forward reply just make sure its you. 
619 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brain. 
620 ive sent him another message using the known gpg goingpostal and was unable decrypt. 
620 sent the real message couple sites see what says about all this. 
620 hesitate call anyone scammer but notice that the public key the store this post different from the public the real uses other sites. 
620 this point certainly wouldnt buy anything there. 
620 and ive never known refer bro. 
622 thanks for sending this mate. 
623 from thedoctor march pmquote from every february amya seems reasonable. 
623 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
623 welcome tba this how things work around here and how there supposed nice one. 
624 looks like response being hacked attempt recover the hot storage funds that walked away. 
625 believe part the theft funds from pandora. 
625 check out the update from alice posted alfred. 
626 from march pmquote from guru march ami created account and sent pgp message your site. 
626 looking forward reply just make sure its you. 
626 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brainyou sent your pgp key and message enfused into one message bro. 
626 couldnt decrypt due that tried cutting apart enter your pgp but gpg doesnt recongize replied our site you also. 
626 please replyholy shit. 
626 you couldnt decrypt but yet you know its enfused. 
626 and you try cut apart but gpg doesnt recognize. 
627 hello siblings originally made the post below two venues silkroad forumand bitmessage. 
627 there were responses allon forum far. 
627 but there were several quality replies onbitmessage both private replies private address and public replies the bitchirp channel. 
627 would like offerthis same post the denizens thehub only test theall the talent has migrated thehub hypothesis. 
627 and course benefit from more quality replies like start discussion about namecoin because seems methat this coin might end being dark horse that comes rushingto prominence all sudden. 
627 and heres why introduction you may remember the whole project begin new system url addresses. 
627 bit addresses and begin new system domain name registration this scheme uses blockchain store immutable unscammable records domain name registrations. 
627 the infrastructure fait accompli. 
627 its already built. 
627 the new urls might look something like this thehub. 
627 bit enter meowbitthis site appears hold some promise for enabling this originalvision starting new system bit addresses and domain name registration. 
627 com that true then perhaps can expectto see the price namecoin escalating the future. 
627 members both the cypherpunk and libertarian communitiesare taking keen interest this project becausethere are important potential consequences for anonymityand privacy since without central registrar. 
627 will moredifficult for govt create rules about who can create domain name and whatidentity checks can imposed domain name owners. 
627 should alsobe more difficult for govt shut down website and prosecute its owners. 
627 all this interesting many levels. 
627 not least which the prospectfor future namecoin values. 
627 the current value name coins. 
627 dollars price from btc. 
627 but notice that currently the price namecoin isin delicious decline nov the price namecoins peaked then peaked again over jan. 
627 two important questions. 
627 how low will namecoin during its current decline. 
627 how high will namecoin bit domains take off heres guesses naturally they are biased via own hope ium inebriation. 
627 the price will sink this year. 
627 the price will climb the next years. 
627 lets try factor out bias. 
627 the price will sink this year. 
627 the price will climb the next years. 
627 please feel free comment question any the above material. 
627 have nice day. 
627 and happy playground. 
629 its simple click the categories you want the left hand side and voil but only showing about items and cant click next site. 
630 this rat doesnt even have the decency put little perfume before engaging. 
630 the sheer stupidity the scam amazes. 
631 wish would ship with all scripts disabled. 
631 one more thing does anyone know disable all scripts will that all disable java are there other steps need take set right. 
632 scam from the begining. 
632 dont campare her defcon. 
633 sure glad stopped vending there weeks ago. 
634 that the reason why everyone withdrawals were stopped for about hours. 
634 hours ive been waiting over days withdraw. 
634 fuck you alice. 
634 pandora will start processing withdrawal for all users. 
634 withdrawal fee for customers will aply from that day until. 
634 days and the withdrawal fee how much the original withdrawal fee was. 
634 btc then alice proposed she would make users who havent purchased anything pay withdrawal fee which itself steep fucking piss take. 
634 never using this site again. 
635 think youre finally too stupid live this world. 
635 its simple click the categories you want the left hand side and voil. 
636 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brainthis site has policy transferring ownership user names vendor can prove they are who they say they are. 
636 post the vendor thread with pgp signed message linking the markets you use where your pgp key listed. 
636 you cant this then say you are not mimm. 
636 also for directions how reclaim your taken name see the sticky the top this section. 
637 lol great saying. 
637 never heard that one before. 
637 from march pmthis rat doesnt even have the decency put little perfume before engaging. 
637 the sheer stupidity the scam amazes. 
639 created account and sent pgp message your site. 
639 looking forward reply just make sure its you. 
639 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brain. 
640 ive sent him another message using the known gpg goingpostal and was unable decrypt. 
640 sent the real message couple sites see what says about all this. 
640 hesitate call anyone scammer but notice that the public key the store this post different from the public the real uses other sites. 
640 this point certainly wouldnt buy anything there. 
640 and ive never known refer bro. 
642 thanks for sending this mate. 
643 from thedoctor march pmquote from every february amya seems reasonable. 
643 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
643 welcome tba this how things work around here and how there supposed nice one. 
644 looks like response being hacked attempt recover the hot storage funds that walked away. 
645 believe part the theft funds from pandora. 
645 check out the update from alice posted alfred. 
646 from march pmquote from guru march ami created account and sent pgp message your site. 
646 looking forward reply just make sure its you. 
646 from march amscam ive been agora for months now dude wouldnt promote someone else was scamming like cmon use your fucking brainyou sent your pgp key and message enfused into one message bro. 
646 couldnt decrypt due that tried cutting apart enter your pgp but gpg doesnt recongize replied our site you also. 
646 please replyholy shit. 
646 you couldnt decrypt but yet you know its enfused. 
646 and you try cut apart but gpg doesnt recognize. 
647 hello siblings originally made the post below two venues silkroad forumand bitmessage. 
647 there were responses allon forum far. 
647 but there were several quality replies onbitmessage both private replies private address and public replies the bitchirp channel. 
647 would like offerthis same post the denizens thehub only test theall the talent has migrated thehub hypothesis. 
647 and course benefit from more quality replies like start discussion about namecoin because seems methat this coin might end being dark horse that comes rushingto prominence all sudden. 
647 and heres why introduction you may remember the whole project begin new system url addresses. 
647 bit addresses and begin new system domain name registration this scheme uses blockchain store immutable unscammable records domain name registrations. 
647 the infrastructure fait accompli. 
647 its already built. 
647 the new urls might look something like this thehub. 
647 bit enter meowbitthis site appears hold some promise for enabling this originalvision starting new system bit addresses and domain name registration. 
647 com that true then perhaps can expectto see the price namecoin escalating the future. 
647 members both the cypherpunk and libertarian communitiesare taking keen interest this project becausethere are important potential consequences for anonymityand privacy since without central registrar. 
647 will moredifficult for govt create rules about who can create domain name and whatidentity checks can imposed domain name owners. 
647 should alsobe more difficult for govt shut down website and prosecute its owners. 
647 all this interesting many levels. 
647 not least which the prospectfor future namecoin values. 
647 the current value name coins. 
647 dollars price from btc. 
647 but notice that currently the price namecoin isin delicious decline nov the price namecoins peaked then peaked again over jan. 
647 two important questions. 
647 how low will namecoin during its current decline. 
647 how high will namecoin bit domains take off heres guesses naturally they are biased via own hope ium inebriation. 
647 the price will sink this year. 
647 the price will climb the next years. 
647 lets try factor out bias. 
647 the price will sink this year. 
647 the price will climb the next years. 
647 please feel free comment question any the above material. 
647 have nice day. 
647 and happy playground. 
648 looking atthe big picture and measuring all things life equal basis then hving enter data for few random captchas isnt really massive trade off terms privacy and security even you need repeat that captcha data more than couple time. 
649 hyv ksyt maksut. 
649 ensimm iselle uutta ytt lle luvassa pient bonusta tilaukseen. 
650 from playground march pmhello siblings until the security audit has been performed perhaps good ideato send any sensitive messages via bitmessage encrypted and signed with your regular gpg pgp keys. 
650 the same way you might withsenstive emails sensitive messages forum like thehub. 
650 the security audit will come. 
650 only because reassures rightfully users. 
650 and hence lifts barrier adoption. 
650 given the problems with using regular centralised email servicessome have decided abandon email altogether and stick with bitmessage. 
650 once security audit has been performed and the recommended changes havebeen implemented expect many other people will follow suit and alsoabandon email. 
650 time will tell. 
650 but certainly these are interesting times. 
650 recent discussions the bitchirp channel suggest that theremight one day web based sending only version bitmessage. 
650 basically allowing you send messages bitmessage from website. 
650 recommended that you not use any websitesthat claim offer full web based implementation bitmessage sincethis probably going scam site. 
650 this becausethere the unavoidable problem that you will trusting the websitewith your private keys. 
650 thats definite sending msgs only web based implementation bitmessage could relatively more secure. 
650 this scenario the user only specifies the address the recipient. 
650 she doesnt not specify his her ownbm address email address and does not need expose any private keys the website. 
650 the web sites generates random disposable address for the sender one time use only. 
650 but even the sending only website proposal suffers from the problem thatmessages could spoofed. 
650 theres way specify that messages from say nightcrawler really came from nightcrawler. 
650 and thats trueunless nightcrawler signed his message with his gpg private key. 
650 and you had hispublic key with which you could verify his signature. 
650 personally however would only trust such sending only website the original bitmessage team set. 
650 thats not true would probably inclined trust the tor project team the blockchain team the bitcoin and litecoin teams. 
650 but you get the idea. 
650 have nice day. 
650 answer the original question experience with bitmessagehas been very good. 
650 there seem some very clued people bitmessage. 
650 thanks for your reasoned comments playground. 
650 would post get started guide bitmessage here the hub but the forum will not allow images posts. 
650 for good how guide how set and use bitmeesage have guide with screenshots another onion forum. 
650 htmldont forget bitmessage mail gateway. 
650 email address you not need set bitmessage client reach user bitmessage and anyone bitmessage can send you email directly from their bitmessage client. 
650 you can browse guide bitmessage mail gateway. 
651 php register beeff. 
652 olisit voinut sen hde osion sinne. 
652 ajelin sken kotiin pienen kyl pahasen kpl rautoja yksi kalushoppi kaivinkoneita shoppi kaikissa nallit hteet. 
652 kyli suomessa about kpl. 
653 hopefully the mods will remove this post. 
653 yeesh what pisspoor effort scamming. 
654 good see back bro. 
655 playground good info. 
655 the more ive seen about bitmessage the more like. 
655 seems they are trying the right things provide truly private decentralized and anonymous messaging system. 
655 any email system that uses the existing infr. 
656 from weeble march playground good info. 
656 the more ive seen about bitmessage the more like. 
656 seems they are trying the right things provide truly private decentralized and anonymous messaging system. 
656 any email system that uses the existing infrastructure will always leak meta data and that enough many cases totally avoid take all the standard precautions which many users will not know about tor pgp etc. 
656 youre very welcome. 
656 completely agree with you. 
656 especially like the fact that all the encryption and signing and then later the decryption and verification are all done under the hood. 
656 dont have think about master keys and subkeys about keyservers anything else. 
656 any user can take advantage the power encryption without having first gain thorough understand encryption and without having study the openpgp gpg users manual figure out the options. 
656 grandmother could use. 
656 and lets not forget that its fully distributed. 
656 there are central servers. 
656 theres where for leo serve warrant. 
656 this offers the tantalising prospect that can completely defeat the surveillance ambitions various evil govt agencies around the world. 
656 these are definitely interesting times. 
656 have nice day. 
656 and feel free send message bitmessage. 
656 test out the process. 
657 hello siblings until the security audit has been performed perhaps good ideato send any sensitive messages via bitmessage encrypted and signed with your regular gpg pgp keys. 
657 the same way you might withsenstive emails sensitive messages forum like thehub. 
657 the security audit will come. 
657 only because reassures rightfully users. 
657 and hence lifts barrier adoption. 
657 given the problems with using regular centralised email servicessome have decided abandon email altogether and stick with bitmessage. 
657 once security audit has been performed and the recommended changes havebeen implemented expect many other people will follow suit and alsoabandon email. 
657 time will tell. 
657 but certainly these are interesting times. 
657 recent discussions the bitchirp channel suggest that theremight one day web based sending only version bitmessage. 
657 basically allowing you send messages bitmessage from website. 
657 recommended that you not use any websitesthat claim offer full web based implementation bitmessage sincethis probably going scam site. 
657 this becausethere the unavoidable problem that you will trusting the websitewith your private keys. 
657 thats definite sending msgs only web based implementation bitmessage could relatively more secure. 
657 this scenario the user only specifies the address the recipient. 
657 she doesnt not specify his her ownbm address email address and does not need expose any private keys the website. 
657 the web sites generates random disposable address for the sender one time use only. 
657 but even the sending only website proposal suffers from the problem thatmessages could spoofed. 
657 theres way specify that messages from say nightcrawler really came from nightcrawler. 
657 and thats trueunless nightcrawler signed his message with his gpg private key. 
657 and you had hispublic key with which you could verify his signature. 
657 personally however would only trust such sending only website the original bitmessage team set. 
657 thats not true would probably inclined trust the tor project team the blockchain team the bitcoin and litecoin teams. 
657 but you get the idea. 
657 have nice day. 
657 answer the original question experience with bitmessagehas been very good. 
657 there seem some very clued people bitmessage. 
658 thanks for the shoutout batman appreciate. 
659 ihan rautalangasta mit riidan yhteydess tai jos kapteeni livist rahojen kanssa. 
660 dont think anyone has done this million dollar idea. 
660 make virtual counterfeit btc then break down pennys mutiple wallets. 
660 the get real btc and break down pennys then put the two together different wallet. 
660 and youve got. 
660 heres map the idea fake computer created btc busted down and seperated sent all broken chunks one wallet. 
660 when they come together will say one btc and not two seperate amounts worth legit btc broken down also seperated sent all chuks one wallet. 
660 when they come together will say one btc and not two seperate amountsso basically just needa figure out how they make the currency digitally and immitate just like paper currency. 
661 fact fuck the edit made the you can come. 
661 anything signed with goingpostals key the one found agora not your new site. 
661 checks out ill leave alone. 
661 doesnt you can piss off. 
661 used naughty word. 
662 from goingpostal march amwe are new the hub forums. 
662 here link our vendor page agora. 
662 onion vendor goingpostal made note our vendor page that this guy scam. 
662 will contact the admins about getting verified here the hub. 
662 gpi verify that the note has been added your official vendor profile agora. 
662 verify follow this link. 
662 all you need post signed message from the pgp key listed your market profile with links your market profiles. 
663 from goingpostal march amthis goingpostal. 
663 this guy claiming complete scam. 
663 gpquote from every march pmvendor can prove they are who they say they are. 
663 post the vendor thread with pgp signed message linking the markets you use where your pgp key listed. 
663 you cant this then say you are not mimm. 
663 offense intended but you are please get verified users will recognize you. 
664 find its usually very temporary and the past couple days hasnt been issue all. 
664 refresh just give few seconds and will probably work itself out. 
665 looks like also now offering referrals similar agora. 
665 php register referral guru. 
666 can talk pros and cons new the dark net and hidden market places but have fallen love with. 
666 need learn quite bit. 
666 also still looking for good place buy bitcoins without mailing money orders. 
666 would love buy them with. 
667 from goblin march pmcorrect please. 
667 you are not talking about darkwallet but about new alt coin called darkcoin cause never heard. 
668 from trolltergeist march pmboo darkcoin boo want give you all karma points. 
669 hopefully the mods will remove this post. 
669 yeesh what pisspoor effort scamming. 
670 this guy claiming complete scam. 
671 are new the hub forums. 
671 here link our vendor page agora. 
671 onion vendor goingpostal made note our vendor page that this guy scam. 
671 will contact the admins about getting verified here the hub. 
672 signed message has been sent. 
673 this guy claiming complete scam. 
674 signed message has been sent. 
675 are new the hub forums. 
675 here link our vendor page agora. 
675 onion vendor goingpostal made note our vendor page that this guy scam. 
675 will contact the admins about getting verified here the hub. 
676 thanks for the shoutout batman appreciate. 
677 dont think anyone has done this million dollar idea. 
677 make virtual counterfeit btc then break down pennys mutiple wallets. 
677 the get real btc and break down pennys then put the two together different wallet. 
677 and youve got. 
677 heres map the idea fake computer created btc busted down and seperated sent all broken chunks one wallet. 
677 when they come together will say one btc and not two seperate amounts worth legit btc broken down also seperated sent all chuks one wallet. 
677 when they come together will say one btc and not two seperate amountsso basically just needa figure out how they make the currency digitally and immitate just like paper currency. 
678 from goblin march pmcorrect please. 
678 you are not talking about darkwallet but about new alt coin called darkcoin cause never heard. 
679 from trolltergeist march pmboo darkcoin boo want give you all karma points. 
680 from goingpostal march amthis goingpostal. 
680 this guy claiming complete scam. 
680 gpquote from every march pmvendor can prove they are who they say they are. 
680 post the vendor thread with pgp signed message linking the markets you use where your pgp key listed. 
680 you cant this then say you are not mimm. 
680 offense intended but you are please get verified users will recognize you. 
681 can talk pros and cons new the dark net and hidden market places but have fallen love with. 
681 need learn quite bit. 
681 also still looking for good place buy bitcoins without mailing money orders. 
681 would love buy them with. 
682 hopefully the mods will remove this post. 
682 yeesh what pisspoor effort scamming. 
683 fact fuck the edit made the you can come. 
683 anything signed with goingpostals key the one found agora not your new site. 
683 checks out ill leave alone. 
683 doesnt you can piss off. 
683 used naughty word. 
684 from goingpostal march amwe are new the hub forums. 
684 here link our vendor page agora. 
684 onion vendor goingpostal made note our vendor page that this guy scam. 
684 will contact the admins about getting verified here the hub. 
684 gpi verify that the note has been added your official vendor profile agora. 
684 verify follow this link. 
684 all you need post signed message from the pgp key listed your market profile with links your market profiles. 
685 looks like also now offering referrals similar agora. 
685 php register referral guru. 
686 olisit voinut sen hde osion sinne. 
686 ajelin sken kotiin pienen kyl pahasen kpl rautoja yksi kalushoppi kaivinkoneita shoppi kaikissa nallit hteet. 
686 kyli suomessa about kpl. 
687 find its usually very temporary and the past couple days hasnt been issue all. 
687 refresh just give few seconds and will probably work itself out. 
688 php register beeff. 
689 thanks for the shoutout batman appreciate. 
690 signed message has been sent. 
691 are new the hub forums. 
691 here link our vendor page agora. 
691 onion vendor goingpostal made note our vendor page that this guy scam. 
691 will contact the admins about getting verified here the hub. 
692 this guy claiming complete scam. 
693 hello siblings until the security audit has been performed perhaps good ideato send any sensitive messages via bitmessage encrypted and signed with your regular gpg pgp keys. 
693 the same way you might withsenstive emails sensitive messages forum like thehub. 
693 the security audit will come. 
693 only because reassures rightfully users. 
693 and hence lifts barrier adoption. 
693 given the problems with using regular centralised email servicessome have decided abandon email altogether and stick with bitmessage. 
693 once security audit has been performed and the recommended changes havebeen implemented expect many other people will follow suit and alsoabandon email. 
693 time will tell. 
693 but certainly these are interesting times. 
693 recent discussions the bitchirp channel suggest that theremight one day web based sending only version bitmessage. 
693 basically allowing you send messages bitmessage from website. 
693 recommended that you not use any websitesthat claim offer full web based implementation bitmessage sincethis probably going scam site. 
693 this becausethere the unavoidable problem that you will trusting the websitewith your private keys. 
693 thats definite sending msgs only web based implementation bitmessage could relatively more secure. 
693 this scenario the user only specifies the address the recipient. 
693 she doesnt not specify his her ownbm address email address and does not need expose any private keys the website. 
693 the web sites generates random disposable address for the sender one time use only. 
693 but even the sending only website proposal suffers from the problem thatmessages could spoofed. 
693 theres way specify that messages from say nightcrawler really came from nightcrawler. 
693 and thats trueunless nightcrawler signed his message with his gpg private key. 
693 and you had hispublic key with which you could verify his signature. 
693 personally however would only trust such sending only website the original bitmessage team set. 
693 thats not true would probably inclined trust the tor project team the blockchain team the bitcoin and litecoin teams. 
693 but you get the idea. 
693 have nice day. 
693 answer the original question experience with bitmessagehas been very good. 
693 there seem some very clued people bitmessage. 
694 from weeble march playground good info. 
694 the more ive seen about bitmessage the more like. 
694 seems they are trying the right things provide truly private decentralized and anonymous messaging system. 
694 any email system that uses the existing infrastructure will always leak meta data and that enough many cases totally avoid take all the standard precautions which many users will not know about tor pgp etc. 
694 youre very welcome. 
694 completely agree with you. 
694 especially like the fact that all the encryption and signing and then later the decryption and verification are all done under the hood. 
694 dont have think about master keys and subkeys about keyservers anything else. 
694 any user can take advantage the power encryption without having first gain thorough understand encryption and without having study the openpgp gpg users manual figure out the options. 
694 grandmother could use. 
694 and lets not forget that its fully distributed. 
694 there are central servers. 
694 theres where for leo serve warrant. 
694 this offers the tantalising prospect that can completely defeat the surveillance ambitions various evil govt agencies around the world. 
694 these are definitely interesting times. 
694 have nice day. 
694 and feel free send message bitmessage. 
694 test out the process. 
695 playground good info. 
695 the more ive seen about bitmessage the more like. 
695 seems they are trying the right things provide truly private decentralized and anonymous messaging system. 
695 any email system that uses the existing infr. 
696 from trolltergeist march pmboo darkcoin boo want give you all karma points. 
697 from goblin march pmcorrect please. 
697 you are not talking about darkwallet but about new alt coin called darkcoin cause never heard. 
698 this guy claiming complete scam. 
699 are new the hub forums. 
699 here link our vendor page agora. 
699 onion vendor goingpostal made note our vendor page that this guy scam. 
699 will contact the admins about getting verified here the hub. 
700 signed message has been sent. 
701 looking atthe big picture and measuring all things life equal basis then hving enter data for few random captchas isnt really massive trade off terms privacy and security even you need repeat that captcha data more than couple time. 
702 hyv ksyt maksut. 
702 ensimm iselle uutta ytt lle luvassa pient bonusta tilaukseen. 
703 from playground march pmhello siblings until the security audit has been performed perhaps good ideato send any sensitive messages via bitmessage encrypted and signed with your regular gpg pgp keys. 
703 the same way you might withsenstive emails sensitive messages forum like thehub. 
703 the security audit will come. 
703 only because reassures rightfully users. 
703 and hence lifts barrier adoption. 
703 given the problems with using regular centralised email servicessome have decided abandon email altogether and stick with bitmessage. 
703 once security audit has been performed and the recommended changes havebeen implemented expect many other people will follow suit and alsoabandon email. 
703 time will tell. 
703 but certainly these are interesting times. 
703 recent discussions the bitchirp channel suggest that theremight one day web based sending only version bitmessage. 
703 basically allowing you send messages bitmessage from website. 
703 recommended that you not use any websitesthat claim offer full web based implementation bitmessage sincethis probably going scam site. 
703 this becausethere the unavoidable problem that you will trusting the websitewith your private keys. 
703 thats definite sending msgs only web based implementation bitmessage could relatively more secure. 
703 this scenario the user only specifies the address the recipient. 
703 she doesnt not specify his her ownbm address email address and does not need expose any private keys the website. 
703 the web sites generates random disposable address for the sender one time use only. 
703 but even the sending only website proposal suffers from the problem thatmessages could spoofed. 
703 theres way specify that messages from say nightcrawler really came from nightcrawler. 
703 and thats trueunless nightcrawler signed his message with his gpg private key. 
703 and you had hispublic key with which you could verify his signature. 
703 personally however would only trust such sending only website the original bitmessage team set. 
703 thats not true would probably inclined trust the tor project team the blockchain team the bitcoin and litecoin teams. 
703 but you get the idea. 
703 have nice day. 
703 answer the original question experience with bitmessagehas been very good. 
703 there seem some very clued people bitmessage. 
703 thanks for your reasoned comments playground. 
703 would post get started guide bitmessage here the hub but the forum will not allow images posts. 
703 for good how guide how set and use bitmeesage have guide with screenshots another onion forum. 
703 htmldont forget bitmessage mail gateway. 
703 email address you not need set bitmessage client reach user bitmessage and anyone bitmessage can send you email directly from their bitmessage client. 
703 you can browse guide bitmessage mail gateway. 
704 php register beeff. 
705 olisit voinut sen hde osion sinne. 
705 ajelin sken kotiin pienen kyl pahasen kpl rautoja yksi kalushoppi kaivinkoneita shoppi kaikissa nallit hteet. 
705 kyli suomessa about kpl. 
706 looking atthe big picture and measuring all things life equal basis then hving enter data for few random captchas isnt really massive trade off terms privacy and security even you need repeat that captcha data more than couple time. 
707 hello siblings until the security audit has been performed perhaps good ideato send any sensitive messages via bitmessage encrypted and signed with your regular gpg pgp keys. 
707 the same way you might withsenstive emails sensitive messages forum like thehub. 
707 the security audit will come. 
707 only because reassures rightfully users. 
707 and hence lifts barrier adoption. 
707 given the problems with using regular centralised email servicessome have decided abandon email altogether and stick with bitmessage. 
707 once security audit has been performed and the recommended changes havebeen implemented expect many other people will follow suit and alsoabandon email. 
707 time will tell. 
707 but certainly these are interesting times. 
707 recent discussions the bitchirp channel suggest that theremight one day web based sending only version bitmessage. 
707 basically allowing you send messages bitmessage from website. 
707 recommended that you not use any websitesthat claim offer full web based implementation bitmessage sincethis probably going scam site. 
707 this becausethere the unavoidable problem that you will trusting the websitewith your private keys. 
707 thats definite sending msgs only web based implementation bitmessage could relatively more secure. 
707 this scenario the user only specifies the address the recipient. 
707 she doesnt not specify his her ownbm address email address and does not need expose any private keys the website. 
707 the web sites generates random disposable address for the sender one time use only. 
707 but even the sending only website proposal suffers from the problem thatmessages could spoofed. 
707 theres way specify that messages from say nightcrawler really came from nightcrawler. 
707 and thats trueunless nightcrawler signed his message with his gpg private key. 
707 and you had hispublic key with which you could verify his signature. 
707 personally however would only trust such sending only website the original bitmessage team set. 
707 thats not true would probably inclined trust the tor project team the blockchain team the bitcoin and litecoin teams. 
707 but you get the idea. 
707 have nice day. 
707 answer the original question experience with bitmessagehas been very good. 
707 there seem some very clued people bitmessage. 
708 from weeble march playground good info. 
708 the more ive seen about bitmessage the more like. 
708 seems they are trying the right things provide truly private decentralized and anonymous messaging system. 
708 any email system that uses the existing infrastructure will always leak meta data and that enough many cases totally avoid take all the standard precautions which many users will not know about tor pgp etc. 
708 youre very welcome. 
708 completely agree with you. 
708 especially like the fact that all the encryption and signing and then later the decryption and verification are all done under the hood. 
708 dont have think about master keys and subkeys about keyservers anything else. 
708 any user can take advantage the power encryption without having first gain thorough understand encryption and without having study the openpgp gpg users manual figure out the options. 
708 grandmother could use. 
708 and lets not forget that its fully distributed. 
708 there are central servers. 
708 theres where for leo serve warrant. 
708 this offers the tantalising prospect that can completely defeat the surveillance ambitions various evil govt agencies around the world. 
708 these are definitely interesting times. 
708 have nice day. 
708 and feel free send message bitmessage. 
708 test out the process. 
709 playground good info. 
709 the more ive seen about bitmessage the more like. 
709 seems they are trying the right things provide truly private decentralized and anonymous messaging system. 
709 any email system that uses the existing infr. 
710 from playground march pmhello siblings until the security audit has been performed perhaps good ideato send any sensitive messages via bitmessage encrypted and signed with your regular gpg pgp keys. 
710 the same way you might withsenstive emails sensitive messages forum like thehub. 
710 the security audit will come. 
710 only because reassures rightfully users. 
710 and hence lifts barrier adoption. 
710 given the problems with using regular centralised email servicessome have decided abandon email altogether and stick with bitmessage. 
710 once security audit has been performed and the recommended changes havebeen implemented expect many other people will follow suit and alsoabandon email. 
710 time will tell. 
710 but certainly these are interesting times. 
710 recent discussions the bitchirp channel suggest that theremight one day web based sending only version bitmessage. 
710 basically allowing you send messages bitmessage from website. 
710 recommended that you not use any websitesthat claim offer full web based implementation bitmessage sincethis probably going scam site. 
710 this becausethere the unavoidable problem that you will trusting the websitewith your private keys. 
710 thats definite sending msgs only web based implementation bitmessage could relatively more secure. 
710 this scenario the user only specifies the address the recipient. 
710 she doesnt not specify his her ownbm address email address and does not need expose any private keys the website. 
710 the web sites generates random disposable address for the sender one time use only. 
710 but even the sending only website proposal suffers from the problem thatmessages could spoofed. 
710 theres way specify that messages from say nightcrawler really came from nightcrawler. 
710 and thats trueunless nightcrawler signed his message with his gpg private key. 
710 and you had hispublic key with which you could verify his signature. 
710 personally however would only trust such sending only website the original bitmessage team set. 
710 thats not true would probably inclined trust the tor project team the blockchain team the bitcoin and litecoin teams. 
710 but you get the idea. 
710 have nice day. 
710 answer the original question experience with bitmessagehas been very good. 
710 there seem some very clued people bitmessage. 
710 thanks for your reasoned comments playground. 
710 would post get started guide bitmessage here the hub but the forum will not allow images posts. 
710 for good how guide how set and use bitmeesage have guide with screenshots another onion forum. 
710 htmldont forget bitmessage mail gateway. 
710 email address you not need set bitmessage client reach user bitmessage and anyone bitmessage can send you email directly from their bitmessage client. 
710 you can browse guide bitmessage mail gateway. 
711 good see back bro. 
712 dont think anyone has done this million dollar idea. 
712 make virtual counterfeit btc then break down pennys mutiple wallets. 
712 the get real btc and break down pennys then put the two together different wallet. 
712 and youve got. 
712 heres map the idea fake computer created btc busted down and seperated sent all broken chunks one wallet. 
712 when they come together will say one btc and not two seperate amounts worth legit btc broken down also seperated sent all chuks one wallet. 
712 when they come together will say one btc and not two seperate amountsso basically just needa figure out how they make the currency digitally and immitate just like paper currency. 
713 hyv ksyt maksut. 
713 ensimm iselle uutta ytt lle luvassa pient bonusta tilaukseen. 
714 from goblin march pmcorrect please. 
714 you are not talking about darkwallet but about new alt coin called darkcoin cause never heard. 
715 from trolltergeist march pmboo darkcoin boo want give you all karma points. 
716 from goingpostal march amthis goingpostal. 
716 this guy claiming complete scam. 
716 gpquote from every march pmvendor can prove they are who they say they are. 
716 post the vendor thread with pgp signed message linking the markets you use where your pgp key listed. 
716 you cant this then say you are not mimm. 
716 offense intended but you are please get verified users will recognize you. 
717 can talk pros and cons new the dark net and hidden market places but have fallen love with. 
717 need learn quite bit. 
717 also still looking for good place buy bitcoins without mailing money orders. 
717 would love buy them with. 
718 hopefully the mods will remove this post. 
718 yeesh what pisspoor effort scamming. 
719 fact fuck the edit made the you can come. 
719 anything signed with goingpostals key the one found agora not your new site. 
719 checks out ill leave alone. 
719 doesnt you can piss off. 
719 used naughty word. 
720 from goingpostal march amwe are new the hub forums. 
720 here link our vendor page agora. 
720 onion vendor goingpostal made note our vendor page that this guy scam. 
720 will contact the admins about getting verified here the hub. 
720 gpi verify that the note has been added your official vendor profile agora. 
720 verify follow this link. 
720 all you need post signed message from the pgp key listed your market profile with links your market profiles. 
721 looks like also now offering referrals similar agora. 
721 php register referral guru. 
722 olisit voinut sen hde osion sinne. 
722 ajelin sken kotiin pienen kyl pahasen kpl rautoja yksi kalushoppi kaivinkoneita shoppi kaikissa nallit hteet. 
722 kyli suomessa about kpl. 
723 find its usually very temporary and the past couple days hasnt been issue all. 
723 refresh just give few seconds and will probably work itself out. 
724 php register beeff. 
725 looking atthe big picture and measuring all things life equal basis then hving enter data for few random captchas isnt really massive trade off terms privacy and security even you need repeat that captcha data more than couple time. 
726 hello siblings until the security audit has been performed perhaps good ideato send any sensitive messages via bitmessage encrypted and signed with your regular gpg pgp keys. 
726 the same way you might withsenstive emails sensitive messages forum like thehub. 
726 the security audit will come. 
726 only because reassures rightfully users. 
726 and hence lifts barrier adoption. 
726 given the problems with using regular centralised email servicessome have decided abandon email altogether and stick with bitmessage. 
726 once security audit has been performed and the recommended changes havebeen implemented expect many other people will follow suit and alsoabandon email. 
726 time will tell. 
726 but certainly these are interesting times. 
726 recent discussions the bitchirp channel suggest that theremight one day web based sending only version bitmessage. 
726 basically allowing you send messages bitmessage from website. 
726 recommended that you not use any websitesthat claim offer full web based implementation bitmessage sincethis probably going scam site. 
726 this becausethere the unavoidable problem that you will trusting the websitewith your private keys. 
726 thats definite sending msgs only web based implementation bitmessage could relatively more secure. 
726 this scenario the user only specifies the address the recipient. 
726 she doesnt not specify his her ownbm address email address and does not need expose any private keys the website. 
726 the web sites generates random disposable address for the sender one time use only. 
726 but even the sending only website proposal suffers from the problem thatmessages could spoofed. 
726 theres way specify that messages from say nightcrawler really came from nightcrawler. 
726 and thats trueunless nightcrawler signed his message with his gpg private key. 
726 and you had hispublic key with which you could verify his signature. 
726 personally however would only trust such sending only website the original bitmessage team set. 
726 thats not true would probably inclined trust the tor project team the blockchain team the bitcoin and litecoin teams. 
726 but you get the idea. 
726 have nice day. 
726 answer the original question experience with bitmessagehas been very good. 
726 there seem some very clued people bitmessage. 
727 from weeble march playground good info. 
727 the more ive seen about bitmessage the more like. 
727 seems they are trying the right things provide truly private decentralized and anonymous messaging system. 
727 any email system that uses the existing infrastructure will always leak meta data and that enough many cases totally avoid take all the standard precautions which many users will not know about tor pgp etc. 
727 youre very welcome. 
727 completely agree with you. 
727 especially like the fact that all the encryption and signing and then later the decryption and verification are all done under the hood. 
727 dont have think about master keys and subkeys about keyservers anything else. 
727 any user can take advantage the power encryption without having first gain thorough understand encryption and without having study the openpgp gpg users manual figure out the options. 
727 grandmother could use. 
727 and lets not forget that its fully distributed. 
727 there are central servers. 
727 theres where for leo serve warrant. 
727 this offers the tantalising prospect that can completely defeat the surveillance ambitions various evil govt agencies around the world. 
727 these are definitely interesting times. 
727 have nice day. 
727 and feel free send message bitmessage. 
727 test out the process. 
728 playground good info. 
728 the more ive seen about bitmessage the more like. 
728 seems they are trying the right things provide truly private decentralized and anonymous messaging system. 
728 any email system that uses the existing infr. 
729 from playground march pmhello siblings until the security audit has been performed perhaps good ideato send any sensitive messages via bitmessage encrypted and signed with your regular gpg pgp keys. 
729 the same way you might withsenstive emails sensitive messages forum like thehub. 
729 the security audit will come. 
729 only because reassures rightfully users. 
729 and hence lifts barrier adoption. 
729 given the problems with using regular centralised email servicessome have decided abandon email altogether and stick with bitmessage. 
729 once security audit has been performed and the recommended changes havebeen implemented expect many other people will follow suit and alsoabandon email. 
729 time will tell. 
729 but certainly these are interesting times. 
729 recent discussions the bitchirp channel suggest that theremight one day web based sending only version bitmessage. 
729 basically allowing you send messages bitmessage from website. 
729 recommended that you not use any websitesthat claim offer full web based implementation bitmessage sincethis probably going scam site. 
729 this becausethere the unavoidable problem that you will trusting the websitewith your private keys. 
729 thats definite sending msgs only web based implementation bitmessage could relatively more secure. 
729 this scenario the user only specifies the address the recipient. 
729 she doesnt not specify his her ownbm address email address and does not need expose any private keys the website. 
729 the web sites generates random disposable address for the sender one time use only. 
729 but even the sending only website proposal suffers from the problem thatmessages could spoofed. 
729 theres way specify that messages from say nightcrawler really came from nightcrawler. 
729 and thats trueunless nightcrawler signed his message with his gpg private key. 
729 and you had hispublic key with which you could verify his signature. 
729 personally however would only trust such sending only website the original bitmessage team set. 
729 thats not true would probably inclined trust the tor project team the blockchain team the bitcoin and litecoin teams. 
729 but you get the idea. 
729 have nice day. 
729 answer the original question experience with bitmessagehas been very good. 
729 there seem some very clued people bitmessage. 
729 thanks for your reasoned comments playground. 
729 would post get started guide bitmessage here the hub but the forum will not allow images posts. 
729 for good how guide how set and use bitmeesage have guide with screenshots another onion forum. 
729 htmldont forget bitmessage mail gateway. 
729 email address you not need set bitmessage client reach user bitmessage and anyone bitmessage can send you email directly from their bitmessage client. 
729 you can browse guide bitmessage mail gateway. 
730 good see back bro. 
731 from goingpostal march amthis goingpostal. 
731 this guy claiming complete scam. 
731 gpquote from every march pmvendor can prove they are who they say they are. 
731 post the vendor thread with pgp signed message linking the markets you use where your pgp key listed. 
731 you cant this then say you are not mimm. 
731 offense intended but you are please get verified users will recognize you. 
732 can talk pros and cons new the dark net and hidden market places but have fallen love with. 
732 need learn quite bit. 
732 also still looking for good place buy bitcoins without mailing money orders. 
732 would love buy them with. 
733 hopefully the mods will remove this post. 
733 yeesh what pisspoor effort scamming. 
734 fact fuck the edit made the you can come. 
734 anything signed with goingpostals key the one found agora not your new site. 
734 checks out ill leave alone. 
734 doesnt you can piss off. 
734 used naughty word. 
735 from goingpostal march amwe are new the hub forums. 
735 here link our vendor page agora. 
735 onion vendor goingpostal made note our vendor page that this guy scam. 
735 will contact the admins about getting verified here the hub. 
735 gpi verify that the note has been added your official vendor profile agora. 
735 verify follow this link. 
735 all you need post signed message from the pgp key listed your market profile with links your market profiles. 
736 looks like also now offering referrals similar agora. 
736 php register referral guru. 
737 olisit voinut sen hde osion sinne. 
737 ajelin sken kotiin pienen kyl pahasen kpl rautoja yksi kalushoppi kaivinkoneita shoppi kaikissa nallit hteet. 
737 kyli suomessa about kpl. 
738 find its usually very temporary and the past couple days hasnt been issue all. 
738 refresh just give few seconds and will probably work itself out. 
739 php register beeff. 
740 looking atthe big picture and measuring all things life equal basis then hving enter data for few random captchas isnt really massive trade off terms privacy and security even you need repeat that captcha data more than couple time. 
741 hello siblings until the security audit has been performed perhaps good ideato send any sensitive messages via bitmessage encrypted and signed with your regular gpg pgp keys. 
741 the same way you might withsenstive emails sensitive messages forum like thehub. 
741 the security audit will come. 
741 only because reassures rightfully users. 
741 and hence lifts barrier adoption. 
741 given the problems with using regular centralised email servicessome have decided abandon email altogether and stick with bitmessage. 
741 once security audit has been performed and the recommended changes havebeen implemented expect many other people will follow suit and alsoabandon email. 
741 time will tell. 
741 but certainly these are interesting times. 
741 recent discussions the bitchirp channel suggest that theremight one day web based sending only version bitmessage. 
741 basically allowing you send messages bitmessage from website. 
741 recommended that you not use any websitesthat claim offer full web based implementation bitmessage sincethis probably going scam site. 
741 this becausethere the unavoidable problem that you will trusting the websitewith your private keys. 
741 thats definite sending msgs only web based implementation bitmessage could relatively more secure. 
741 this scenario the user only specifies the address the recipient. 
741 she doesnt not specify his her ownbm address email address and does not need expose any private keys the website. 
741 the web sites generates random disposable address for the sender one time use only. 
741 but even the sending only website proposal suffers from the problem thatmessages could spoofed. 
741 theres way specify that messages from say nightcrawler really came from nightcrawler. 
741 and thats trueunless nightcrawler signed his message with his gpg private key. 
741 and you had hispublic key with which you could verify his signature. 
741 personally however would only trust such sending only website the original bitmessage team set. 
741 thats not true would probably inclined trust the tor project team the blockchain team the bitcoin and litecoin teams. 
741 but you get the idea. 
741 have nice day. 
741 answer the original question experience with bitmessagehas been very good. 
741 there seem some very clued people bitmessage. 
742 from weeble march playground good info. 
742 the more ive seen about bitmessage the more like. 
742 seems they are trying the right things provide truly private decentralized and anonymous messaging system. 
742 any email system that uses the existing infrastructure will always leak meta data and that enough many cases totally avoid take all the standard precautions which many users will not know about tor pgp etc. 
742 youre very welcome. 
742 completely agree with you. 
742 especially like the fact that all the encryption and signing and then later the decryption and verification are all done under the hood. 
742 dont have think about master keys and subkeys about keyservers anything else. 
742 any user can take advantage the power encryption without having first gain thorough understand encryption and without having study the openpgp gpg users manual figure out the options. 
742 grandmother could use. 
742 and lets not forget that its fully distributed. 
742 there are central servers. 
742 theres where for leo serve warrant. 
742 this offers the tantalising prospect that can completely defeat the surveillance ambitions various evil govt agencies around the world. 
742 these are definitely interesting times. 
742 have nice day. 
742 and feel free send message bitmessage. 
742 test out the process. 
743 playground good info. 
743 the more ive seen about bitmessage the more like. 
743 seems they are trying the right things provide truly private decentralized and anonymous messaging system. 
743 any email system that uses the existing infr. 
744 from playground march pmhello siblings until the security audit has been performed perhaps good ideato send any sensitive messages via bitmessage encrypted and signed with your regular gpg pgp keys. 
744 the same way you might withsenstive emails sensitive messages forum like thehub. 
744 the security audit will come. 
744 only because reassures rightfully users. 
744 and hence lifts barrier adoption. 
744 given the problems with using regular centralised email servicessome have decided abandon email altogether and stick with bitmessage. 
744 once security audit has been performed and the recommended changes havebeen implemented expect many other people will follow suit and alsoabandon email. 
744 time will tell. 
744 but certainly these are interesting times. 
744 recent discussions the bitchirp channel suggest that theremight one day web based sending only version bitmessage. 
744 basically allowing you send messages bitmessage from website. 
744 recommended that you not use any websitesthat claim offer full web based implementation bitmessage sincethis probably going scam site. 
744 this becausethere the unavoidable problem that you will trusting the websitewith your private keys. 
744 thats definite sending msgs only web based implementation bitmessage could relatively more secure. 
744 this scenario the user only specifies the address the recipient. 
744 she doesnt not specify his her ownbm address email address and does not need expose any private keys the website. 
744 the web sites generates random disposable address for the sender one time use only. 
744 but even the sending only website proposal suffers from the problem thatmessages could spoofed. 
744 theres way specify that messages from say nightcrawler really came from nightcrawler. 
744 and thats trueunless nightcrawler signed his message with his gpg private key. 
744 and you had hispublic key with which you could verify his signature. 
744 personally however would only trust such sending only website the original bitmessage team set. 
744 thats not true would probably inclined trust the tor project team the blockchain team the bitcoin and litecoin teams. 
744 but you get the idea. 
744 have nice day. 
744 answer the original question experience with bitmessagehas been very good. 
744 there seem some very clued people bitmessage. 
744 thanks for your reasoned comments playground. 
744 would post get started guide bitmessage here the hub but the forum will not allow images posts. 
744 for good how guide how set and use bitmeesage have guide with screenshots another onion forum. 
744 htmldont forget bitmessage mail gateway. 
744 email address you not need set bitmessage client reach user bitmessage and anyone bitmessage can send you email directly from their bitmessage client. 
744 you can browse guide bitmessage mail gateway. 
745 deemz brotha good move. 
745 never liked anything about that site. 
746 its breakdown which crypto currencies are worth backing and some speculation for the future years. 
746 which the moment far cryptos little too far sighted for. 
747 works but there need for socks setting the network connection. 
748 bsm consumer here. 
748 keep the great work guys. 
748 ive only got couple feedback the moment but hope become trusted buyer. 
749 theres post reddit otherwise you can into every market and check out its not that difficult. 
750 hello siblings today. 
750 info there are currency pairs where today mar and case you are curious here they are pairs btc btc btc btc adt cny adt ltc adt xpm air btc alb btc alf btc alp btc alp ltc amc btc amc ltc anc btc anc ltc ant btc ant usd aph btc aph ltc app btc arg btc arg ltc asc btc asc doge asc ltc asc xpm asr btc atp btc aur btc aur ltc aur usd bat btc btc ltc bcx btc bea btc bec cny bela btc beli btc ben btc bet btc bet ltc bfc btc bil btc bil ltc blc btc blc usd blk btc boc btc boc ltc bqc btc bqc cny bqc ltc btb btc btb cny btc cny btc eur btc nok btc rur btc usd btc xrp btcs btc bte btc btg btc btq btc btq cny btr cny buk btc buk cny btc ltc cach btc cage btc cage doge cage ltc cap btc cash btc cat btc cat doge cat ltc cdc btc cent btc cent cny cent ltc cent xpm cga btc cgb btc cgb ltc cin btc clr btc clr eur clr ltc clr usd cmc btc cmc cny cnc btc cnc cny cnc ltc cnote btc coin btc coin usd col btc col cny col doge col ltc col xpm con btc corg btc corg ltc cpr ltc crc btc csc btc ctm btc ctm doge ctm ltc dbl ltc dem btc dem ltc dgb btc dgc btc dgc cny dgc ltc dgc usd diem ltc dime btc dime doge dime ltc dmd btc doge btc doge cny doge eur doge ltc doge nmc doge usd drk btc drk usd dsc cny dtc btc dtc cny duck btc duck usd dvc btc dvc cny dvc ltc dvc usd dvc xpm eac btc eac doge eac ltc ebt btc efl btc elc btc elp btc elp ltc emc btc emc ltc emd btc emo ltc etok btc eur usd eur xrp exc btc exc cny exe btc ezc btc ezc ltc ffc btc ffc doge ffc ltc flap btc flap ltc flap usd flo btc flo ltc flt btc fox btc frc btc frc cny frc ltc fre btc frk btc frk ltc frk usd frq btc fry btc fsc btc fsc usd fst btc fst ltc ftc btc ftc cny ftc eur ftc ltc ftc usd btc ltc gac btc gac ltc gdc btc ghc btc ghc usd gil btc glb btc glc btc glc ltc gld btc gld ltc glx btc gme btc gme ltc gns btc gpu btc gpuc btc gpuc ltc gra btc gra ltc grc btc grc usd grce btc grump doge grw btc grw cny grw ltc hbn btc hic btc hiro btc hkc btc hkc ltc hpc btc hpc ltc huc btc hvc btc hvc usd hyc btc btc icn btc icn ltc ifc btc ifc cny ifc doge ifc ltc ifc usd ifc xpm ipc btc iqd btc iqd usd isk cny ixc btc ixc usd jkc btc jkc ltc karm btc kdc btc kgc btc kgc ltc krn btc lbw btc ldc btc ldc usd leaf btc leaf ltc leaf usd lgbt btc lgbt usd btc lky btc lot btc lot doge lot ltc love cny ltc btc ltc cny ltc eur ltc rur ltc usd lyc btc max btc max cny mcx btc mec btc mec cny mec ltc med btc mem btc mem ltc meow btc meow doge meow ltc mim btc mim usd mint btc mint cny mint usd mmc btc mmc cny mnc btc moon btc moon doge moon ltc mrc btc mrc ltc mrs btc msc btc mst ltc mtc btc mts btc mvc btc mvc ltc mxb btc myr btc mzc btc nan btc nan cny nan ltc nbl btc nec btc net btc net cny net ltc net xpm nib btc nka btc nka ltc nmc btc nmc cny nmc eur nmc ltc nmc usd nobl btc nobl doge nobl ltc nrb btc nrs btc nvc btc nvc usd nwc cny nxt btc nxt cny nxt ltc nyan btc nyan ltc nym btc ogc btc oly btc orb btc orb ltc osc btc pand btc pand ltc panda ltc pawn btc pcc btc peng btc peng ltc pho btc phs btc btc pig btc plnc btc plnc ltc pmc btc points btc pot btc ppc btc ppc cny ppc eur ppc ltc ppc usd ppc xpm ppl cny prc btc prt btc prt ltc btc pts btc pts cny pwc btc pxc btc pxc ltc pxl btc pyc btc btc usd qqc btc qrk btc qrk cny qrk ltc qrk usd qrk xpm rch btc rch cny rch ltc rdd btc rdd doge rdd ltc rec btc rec cny rec ltc red btc red cny red ltc redd btc ric btc rpc btc rpc doge rpc ltc rpd btc rqc btc ruby btc ruby usd ryc btc ryc ltc sat btc sav btc sbc btc sbc ltc btc skc btc sll btc sloth btc smc btc smc doge smc ltc soc btc spa btc spa ltc spa usd spt btc src btc src cny stc btc stc usd str btc sun ltc svc btc svc usd sxc btc sxc doge sxc ltc syn btc tag btc tag cny tag doge tag ltc tak btc tea btc tea doge tea ltc tek btc tes btc tes usd tgc btc tgc ltc tips btc tips cny tips doge tips ltc tix btc tix cny tix ltc tix xpm trc btc trc eur trc usd trl btc ttc btc ttc usd ufc cny uni btc uno btc uno doge usd rur usde btc usde usd utc btc vel btc ven btc ven eur ven usd vtc btc vtc cny vtc doge vtc ltc vtc usd wdc btc wdc cny wdc doge wdc ltc wdc usd wiki btc wolf btc xcp btc xcp cny xiv btc xiv ltc xjo btc xnc btc xnc ltc xpm btc xpm cny xpm ltc xpm usd xrp btc xrp eur xrp ltc xrp nmc xrp usd xrp ven xsv btc yac btc yac cny yac ltc yang btc ybc btc yin btc zcc btc zcc cny zed btc zed usd zeit btc zeit ltc zet btc zet cny zet doge zet ltcthe question. 
750 how many different currencies are there theres different currencies the listing above. 
750 but that includes the hypher inflating fiat currencies usd eur rur etc. 
750 but maybe theres hidden information this listing. 
750 youll notice that some currencies appear more often these pairs like usd for example. 
750 question which the non fiat currencies appear most the pairings answer btc appears the pairings ltc appears the pairings doge amazingly given started life joke appears the pairings xrp ripple centralised and vastly pre mined bankster owned sabotage coin that shouldnt trusted and doesnt offer any anonymity buyer beware appears the pairings. 
750 nmc which tipping for glorious future appears alas only the pairings. 
750 what drops out this brief analysis for. 
750 affirms that litecoin the. 
750 coin but not market capitalisation. 
750 the incredible rise doggie coin doge perhaps this coin deserves further research scrutiny answer the big questions does have future will its price rise substantially how many these coins will survive the next years strongly suspect less than will survive see mass mainstream use. 
750 probably litecoin and bitcoin are guaranteed entrants that list. 
750 but who are the others namecoin quarkcoin max keisers maxcoin luckycoin any reasoned arguments which coins will survive see. 
750 are very welcome. 
750 those you who keep with the financial news bloomberg reuters. 
750 com zero hedge will well aware the start the collapse the petrodollar and hence the start the end the dollar the worlds reserve currency. 
750 com edge russia switches brics sanctions this likely shake investment decisions the world over. 
750 money willflow into new avenues. 
750 bitcoin and litecoin will obvious new homes for some this cash. 
750 this probable catalyst further btc and ltc price rises this year. 
750 one notable tipster btc. 
750 com predicting bitcoin and litecoin before the year out litecoin keeping its current. 
750 valuation against bitcoin have nice day. 
751 cant speak for anyone else that has dealt with pandora but ive bought there from the begining. 
751 have only been scammed once which good and never had any issues retrieving leftover btc. 
752 top deals are bad scammers selling fake hash remember that dude selling the vegetable based fake hash bmr bragging how many top vendors were using his product top deals manali cream hash thc stone all cant even give this rubbish away even messages they are piss taking lyers saying how there smoking whilst writing and its the finest smoothest hash wankers saddest thing many prolly kids leave good feedback fuck knows why shows how bad the cut street hash everywhere the idea these markets avoid these dodgy cunts. 
753 has been exposed already vendors. 
754 recently completed first purchase from bsm and its safe say that love. 
754 its now one markets. 
755 what the hell this. 
756 just thought dickhead. 
757 where signup shutup bitch. 
758 from blackstar march amnice see you gentlemen ladies. 
758 they ate btc like expensive vending machine. 
758 just never showed deposit. 
758 you can follow the blockchain your deposit and show support they will fix. 
758 sometimes their system squirrels bit. 
758 ive never had problem that was not fixed though. 
758 you show the the txid the deposit and have the keys the dpad leads they will fix your account and get your coin straightened out. 
759 here actively try direct our customers from all markets come here. 
760 may may not right now please leave encrypted message after the beep and kindly deposit your btcs. 
760 one our shipping experts will assist you shortly. 
761 hey guys and dollsi noticed that far the roll call only showing vendors. 
761 how many you mention the blue sky sub the hub your customers thing blue sky has forum and because the hub not affiliated anywhere its very unlikely that bsm owners will actively divert users here from their market site doubt many users even know exists. 
761 but forums are great place for keeping contact with your customers sure you already know might worth encouraging hic your customers from bsm come and say all here comment your review threads etc. 
761 just thinking aloud. 
762 but when look its not very well conceived thought was youd best off hacking some financial institution and robbing fuck out that. 
762 much much less jail time. 
763 hate stating the obvious. 
763 but bitcoins cannot counterfeited. 
763 you cannot make fake bitcoins. 
763 one the fundamental principles crypto currencies. 
764 you can fake bitcoin transaction. 
764 but its not something lila and his ipad can accomplish. 
764 understanding you need have good the overall hash rate and able process whole blocks your own. 
764 you proccess block and somehow edit into saying you have have not sent btc certain address. 
764 can confirmed multiple times but the more confirmations needs the more processing power you need. 
764 sorry for the incredibly non technical explanation. 
764 havent read too far into. 
764 only have like processing power. 
765 possible though create fake transaction not they dont really let you anything because the blockchain wont confirm them. 
765 the blockchain like that really angry cashier who checks your note against the light all the while glaring you say yeah boy. 
765 know what youss tryin pull aint workin then she hands you your note back and says fuck yourself. 
765 then honks your nose. 
765 hic maybe was just dream. 
766 bsm consumer here. 
766 keep the great work guys. 
766 ive only got couple feedback the moment but hope become trusted buyer. 
767 from blackstar march amnice see you gentlemen ladies. 
767 they ate btc like expensive vending machine. 
767 just never showed deposit. 
767 you can follow the blockchain your deposit and show support they will fix. 
767 sometimes their system squirrels bit. 
767 ive never had problem that was not fixed though. 
767 you show the the txid the deposit and have the keys the dpad leads they will fix your account and get your coin straightened out. 
768 here actively try direct our customers from all markets come here. 
769 recently completed first purchase from bsm and its safe say that love. 
769 its now one markets. 
770 may may not right now please leave encrypted message after the beep and kindly deposit your btcs. 
770 one our shipping experts will assist you shortly. 
771 hey guys and dollsi noticed that far the roll call only showing vendors. 
771 how many you mention the blue sky sub the hub your customers thing blue sky has forum and because the hub not affiliated anywhere its very unlikely that bsm owners will actively divert users here from their market site doubt many users even know exists. 
771 but forums are great place for keeping contact with your customers sure you already know might worth encouraging hic your customers from bsm come and say all here comment your review threads etc. 
771 just thinking aloud. 
772 top deals are bad scammers selling fake hash remember that dude selling the vegetable based fake hash bmr bragging how many top vendors were using his product top deals manali cream hash thc stone all cant even give this rubbish away even messages they are piss taking lyers saying how there smoking whilst writing and its the finest smoothest hash wankers saddest thing many prolly kids leave good feedback fuck knows why shows how bad the cut street hash everywhere the idea these markets avoid these dodgy cunts. 
773 theres post reddit otherwise you can into every market and check out its not that difficult. 
774 just thought dickhead. 
775 where signup shutup bitch. 
776 the vender posing goingpostal evolution market total fraud. 
776 this vendor has used our name listings right down our pictures. 
776 stay clear this fraud. 
776 obviously out scam. 
777 someone were looking into vending where would they find which markets charge what for vendor account. 
778 santa title well earned. 
779 jules winnfield still here cause bad ass motherfuckers like you all make possible. 
780 great have you here there specific reason you not list the price for your lsd. 
781 hey guys the last few weeks have organised few transactions with saint nic with payment being made directly address and away from the mainstream marketplaces. 
781 firstly their communication always quick and thorough they tend steer clear one two word responses. 
781 the mdma recieved was some the best have ever got hands. 
781 lovely brown colour with plenty rocks mixed throughout and the ainseed smell was almost overpowering. 
781 paid nic directly for order was disptahced within hours and all envelopes landed shortly after. 
781 product was tested with mecke simons and marquis testers and tested strongly expected. 
781 when all contents were removed from the mylar they had sent total. 
781 without giving away too much packaging their stealth was very clever despite being confined envelope. 
781 their mdma was acetone washed acen and these were the results washed acenvendor saint niclink. 
781 onion users saint nicbought agreementdate. 
781 january amount washed gamount after wash gpurity percentage. 
781 link acetone wash. 
781 msg msg santa operates very professional and curtious manner. 
781 their products are very high quality and their prices are competitve. 
782 congrats saint nic xmas all year round. 
783 top deals are bad scammers selling fake hash remember that dude selling the vegetable based fake hash bmr bragging how many top vendors were using his product top deals manali cream hash thc stone all cant even give this rubbish away even messages they are piss taking lyers saying how there smoking whilst writing and its the finest smoothest hash wankers saddest thing many prolly kids leave good feedback fuck knows why shows how bad the cut street hash everywhere the idea these markets avoid these dodgy cunts. 
784 hello siblings today. 
784 info there are currency pairs where today mar and case you are curious here they are pairs btc btc btc btc adt cny adt ltc adt xpm air btc alb btc alf btc alp btc alp ltc amc btc amc ltc anc btc anc ltc ant btc ant usd aph btc aph ltc app btc arg btc arg ltc asc btc asc doge asc ltc asc xpm asr btc atp btc aur btc aur ltc aur usd bat btc btc ltc bcx btc bea btc bec cny bela btc beli btc ben btc bet btc bet ltc bfc btc bil btc bil ltc blc btc blc usd blk btc boc btc boc ltc bqc btc bqc cny bqc ltc btb btc btb cny btc cny btc eur btc nok btc rur btc usd btc xrp btcs btc bte btc btg btc btq btc btq cny btr cny buk btc buk cny btc ltc cach btc cage btc cage doge cage ltc cap btc cash btc cat btc cat doge cat ltc cdc btc cent btc cent cny cent ltc cent xpm cga btc cgb btc cgb ltc cin btc clr btc clr eur clr ltc clr usd cmc btc cmc cny cnc btc cnc cny cnc ltc cnote btc coin btc coin usd col btc col cny col doge col ltc col xpm con btc corg btc corg ltc cpr ltc crc btc csc btc ctm btc ctm doge ctm ltc dbl ltc dem btc dem ltc dgb btc dgc btc dgc cny dgc ltc dgc usd diem ltc dime btc dime doge dime ltc dmd btc doge btc doge cny doge eur doge ltc doge nmc doge usd drk btc drk usd dsc cny dtc btc dtc cny duck btc duck usd dvc btc dvc cny dvc ltc dvc usd dvc xpm eac btc eac doge eac ltc ebt btc efl btc elc btc elp btc elp ltc emc btc emc ltc emd btc emo ltc etok btc eur usd eur xrp exc btc exc cny exe btc ezc btc ezc ltc ffc btc ffc doge ffc ltc flap btc flap ltc flap usd flo btc flo ltc flt btc fox btc frc btc frc cny frc ltc fre btc frk btc frk ltc frk usd frq btc fry btc fsc btc fsc usd fst btc fst ltc ftc btc ftc cny ftc eur ftc ltc ftc usd btc ltc gac btc gac ltc gdc btc ghc btc ghc usd gil btc glb btc glc btc glc ltc gld btc gld ltc glx btc gme btc gme ltc gns btc gpu btc gpuc btc gpuc ltc gra btc gra ltc grc btc grc usd grce btc grump doge grw btc grw cny grw ltc hbn btc hic btc hiro btc hkc btc hkc ltc hpc btc hpc ltc huc btc hvc btc hvc usd hyc btc btc icn btc icn ltc ifc btc ifc cny ifc doge ifc ltc ifc usd ifc xpm ipc btc iqd btc iqd usd isk cny ixc btc ixc usd jkc btc jkc ltc karm btc kdc btc kgc btc kgc ltc krn btc lbw btc ldc btc ldc usd leaf btc leaf ltc leaf usd lgbt btc lgbt usd btc lky btc lot btc lot doge lot ltc love cny ltc btc ltc cny ltc eur ltc rur ltc usd lyc btc max btc max cny mcx btc mec btc mec cny mec ltc med btc mem btc mem ltc meow btc meow doge meow ltc mim btc mim usd mint btc mint cny mint usd mmc btc mmc cny mnc btc moon btc moon doge moon ltc mrc btc mrc ltc mrs btc msc btc mst ltc mtc btc mts btc mvc btc mvc ltc mxb btc myr btc mzc btc nan btc nan cny nan ltc nbl btc nec btc net btc net cny net ltc net xpm nib btc nka btc nka ltc nmc btc nmc cny nmc eur nmc ltc nmc usd nobl btc nobl doge nobl ltc nrb btc nrs btc nvc btc nvc usd nwc cny nxt btc nxt cny nxt ltc nyan btc nyan ltc nym btc ogc btc oly btc orb btc orb ltc osc btc pand btc pand ltc panda ltc pawn btc pcc btc peng btc peng ltc pho btc phs btc btc pig btc plnc btc plnc ltc pmc btc points btc pot btc ppc btc ppc cny ppc eur ppc ltc ppc usd ppc xpm ppl cny prc btc prt btc prt ltc btc pts btc pts cny pwc btc pxc btc pxc ltc pxl btc pyc btc btc usd qqc btc qrk btc qrk cny qrk ltc qrk usd qrk xpm rch btc rch cny rch ltc rdd btc rdd doge rdd ltc rec btc rec cny rec ltc red btc red cny red ltc redd btc ric btc rpc btc rpc doge rpc ltc rpd btc rqc btc ruby btc ruby usd ryc btc ryc ltc sat btc sav btc sbc btc sbc ltc btc skc btc sll btc sloth btc smc btc smc doge smc ltc soc btc spa btc spa ltc spa usd spt btc src btc src cny stc btc stc usd str btc sun ltc svc btc svc usd sxc btc sxc doge sxc ltc syn btc tag btc tag cny tag doge tag ltc tak btc tea btc tea doge tea ltc tek btc tes btc tes usd tgc btc tgc ltc tips btc tips cny tips doge tips ltc tix btc tix cny tix ltc tix xpm trc btc trc eur trc usd trl btc ttc btc ttc usd ufc cny uni btc uno btc uno doge usd rur usde btc usde usd utc btc vel btc ven btc ven eur ven usd vtc btc vtc cny vtc doge vtc ltc vtc usd wdc btc wdc cny wdc doge wdc ltc wdc usd wiki btc wolf btc xcp btc xcp cny xiv btc xiv ltc xjo btc xnc btc xnc ltc xpm btc xpm cny xpm ltc xpm usd xrp btc xrp eur xrp ltc xrp nmc xrp usd xrp ven xsv btc yac btc yac cny yac ltc yang btc ybc btc yin btc zcc btc zcc cny zed btc zed usd zeit btc zeit ltc zet btc zet cny zet doge zet ltcthe question. 
784 how many different currencies are there theres different currencies the listing above. 
784 but that includes the hypher inflating fiat currencies usd eur rur etc. 
784 but maybe theres hidden information this listing. 
784 youll notice that some currencies appear more often these pairs like usd for example. 
784 question which the non fiat currencies appear most the pairings answer btc appears the pairings ltc appears the pairings doge amazingly given started life joke appears the pairings xrp ripple centralised and vastly pre mined bankster owned sabotage coin that shouldnt trusted and doesnt offer any anonymity buyer beware appears the pairings. 
784 nmc which tipping for glorious future appears alas only the pairings. 
784 what drops out this brief analysis for. 
784 affirms that litecoin the. 
784 coin but not market capitalisation. 
784 the incredible rise doggie coin doge perhaps this coin deserves further research scrutiny answer the big questions does have future will its price rise substantially how many these coins will survive the next years strongly suspect less than will survive see mass mainstream use. 
784 probably litecoin and bitcoin are guaranteed entrants that list. 
784 but who are the others namecoin quarkcoin max keisers maxcoin luckycoin any reasoned arguments which coins will survive see. 
784 are very welcome. 
784 those you who keep with the financial news bloomberg reuters. 
784 com zero hedge will well aware the start the collapse the petrodollar and hence the start the end the dollar the worlds reserve currency. 
784 com edge russia switches brics sanctions this likely shake investment decisions the world over. 
784 money willflow into new avenues. 
784 bitcoin and litecoin will obvious new homes for some this cash. 
784 this probable catalyst further btc and ltc price rises this year. 
784 one notable tipster btc. 
784 com predicting bitcoin and litecoin before the year out litecoin keeping its current. 
784 valuation against bitcoin have nice day. 
785 deemz brotha good move. 
785 never liked anything about that site. 
786 i'd like congratulate saint nic getting verified. 
786 now star vendor the eyes the avengers. 
786 buy from santa with confidence. 
787 bsm consumer here. 
787 keep the great work guys. 
787 ive only got couple feedback the moment but hope become trusted buyer. 
788 hey guys and dollsi noticed that far the roll call only showing vendors. 
788 how many you mention the blue sky sub the hub your customers thing blue sky has forum and because the hub not affiliated anywhere its very unlikely that bsm owners will actively divert users here from their market site doubt many users even know exists. 
788 but forums are great place for keeping contact with your customers sure you already know might worth encouraging hic your customers from bsm come and say all here comment your review threads etc. 
788 just thinking aloud. 
789 may may not right now please leave encrypted message after the beep and kindly deposit your btcs. 
789 one our shipping experts will assist you shortly. 
790 from blackstar march amnice see you gentlemen ladies. 
790 they ate btc like expensive vending machine. 
790 just never showed deposit. 
790 you can follow the blockchain your deposit and show support they will fix. 
790 sometimes their system squirrels bit. 
790 ive never had problem that was not fixed though. 
790 you show the the txid the deposit and have the keys the dpad leads they will fix your account and get your coin straightened out. 
791 recently completed first purchase from bsm and its safe say that love. 
791 its now one markets. 
792 here actively try direct our customers from all markets come here. 
793 cant speak for anyone else that has dealt with pandora but ive bought there from the begining. 
793 have only been scammed once which good and never had any issues retrieving leftover btc. 
794 update are almost done with coding there are some delays but nothing that will hold for much longer. 
794 are setting some servers right speak and should have forum back soon. 
794 once coding done start graphics design html css. 
794 are committed proving the best most pleasant most secure user experience possible. 
794 also made the decision add anoncoin our accepted payment options. 
795 its breakdown which crypto currencies are worth backing and some speculation for the future years. 
795 which the moment far cryptos little too far sighted for. 
796 bsm consumer here. 
796 keep the great work guys. 
796 ive only got couple feedback the moment but hope become trusted buyer. 
797 hey guys and dollsi noticed that far the roll call only showing vendors. 
797 how many you mention the blue sky sub the hub your customers thing blue sky has forum and because the hub not affiliated anywhere its very unlikely that bsm owners will actively divert users here from their market site doubt many users even know exists. 
797 but forums are great place for keeping contact with your customers sure you already know might worth encouraging hic your customers from bsm come and say all here comment your review threads etc. 
797 just thinking aloud. 
798 recently completed first purchase from bsm and its safe say that love. 
798 its now one markets. 
799 here actively try direct our customers from all markets come here. 
800 from blackstar march amnice see you gentlemen ladies. 
800 they ate btc like expensive vending machine. 
800 just never showed deposit. 
800 you can follow the blockchain your deposit and show support they will fix. 
800 sometimes their system squirrels bit. 
800 ive never had problem that was not fixed though. 
800 you show the the txid the deposit and have the keys the dpad leads they will fix your account and get your coin straightened out. 
801 being bsm has forum this our meeting place. 
801 would nice see whos around and get community feel. 
802 nice see you gentlemen ladies. 
802 they ate btc like expensive vending machine. 
802 just never showed deposit. 
803 the vender posing goingpostal evolution market total fraud. 
803 this vendor has used our name listings right down our pictures. 
803 stay clear this fraud. 
803 obviously out scam. 
805 could someone link another darknet forum where might find someone talk. 
806 jules winnfield still here cause bad ass motherfuckers like you all make possible. 
807 works but there need for socks setting the network connection. 
808 top deals are bad scammers selling fake hash remember that dude selling the vegetable based fake hash bmr bragging how many top vendors were using his product top deals manali cream hash thc stone all cant even give this rubbish away even messages they are piss taking lyers saying how there smoking whilst writing and its the finest smoothest hash wankers saddest thing many prolly kids leave good feedback fuck knows why shows how bad the cut street hash everywhere the idea these markets avoid these dodgy cunts. 
809 wont let register. 
809 forgot old accounts password. 
809 would anyone let use old account they have one cant offer anything return. 
810 someone were looking into vending where would they find which markets charge what for vendor account. 
811 jules winnfield still here cause bad ass motherfuckers like you all make possible. 
812 being bsm has forum this our meeting place. 
812 would nice see whos around and get community feel. 
813 nice see you gentlemen ladies. 
813 they ate btc like expensive vending machine. 
813 just never showed deposit. 
814 the vender posing goingpostal evolution market total fraud. 
814 this vendor has used our name listings right down our pictures. 
814 stay clear this fraud. 
814 obviously out scam. 
815 update are almost done with coding there are some delays but nothing that will hold for much longer. 
815 are setting some servers right speak and should have forum back soon. 
815 once coding done start graphics design html css. 
815 are committed proving the best most pleasant most secure user experience possible. 
815 also made the decision add anoncoin our accepted payment options. 
816 deemz brotha good move. 
816 never liked anything about that site. 
817 its breakdown which crypto currencies are worth backing and some speculation for the future years. 
817 which the moment far cryptos little too far sighted for. 
818 yea congrats santa have fun dropping all the goodies down the chimneys the world. 
819 has been exposed already vendors. 
820 but when look its not very well conceived thought was youd best off hacking some financial institution and robbing fuck out that. 
820 much much less jail time. 
821 hate stating the obvious. 
821 but bitcoins cannot counterfeited. 
821 you cannot make fake bitcoins. 
821 one the fundamental principles crypto currencies. 
822 you can fake bitcoin transaction. 
822 but its not something lila and his ipad can accomplish. 
822 understanding you need have good the overall hash rate and able process whole blocks your own. 
822 you proccess block and somehow edit into saying you have have not sent btc certain address. 
822 can confirmed multiple times but the more confirmations needs the more processing power you need. 
822 sorry for the incredibly non technical explanation. 
822 havent read too far into. 
822 only have like processing power. 
823 possible though create fake transaction not they dont really let you anything because the blockchain wont confirm them. 
823 the blockchain like that really angry cashier who checks your note against the light all the while glaring you say yeah boy. 
823 know what youss tryin pull aint workin then she hands you your note back and says fuck yourself. 
823 then honks your nose. 
823 hic maybe was just dream. 
824 theres post reddit otherwise you can into every market and check out its not that difficult. 
825 santa title well earned. 
826 hey guys the last few weeks have organised few transactions with saint nic with payment being made directly address and away from the mainstream marketplaces. 
826 firstly their communication always quick and thorough they tend steer clear one two word responses. 
826 the mdma recieved was some the best have ever got hands. 
826 lovely brown colour with plenty rocks mixed throughout and the ainseed smell was almost overpowering. 
826 paid nic directly for order was disptahced within hours and all envelopes landed shortly after. 
826 product was tested with mecke simons and marquis testers and tested strongly expected. 
826 when all contents were removed from the mylar they had sent total. 
826 without giving away too much packaging their stealth was very clever despite being confined envelope. 
826 their mdma was acetone washed acen and these were the results washed acenvendor saint niclink. 
826 onion users saint nicbought agreementdate. 
826 january amount washed gamount after wash gpurity percentage. 
826 link acetone wash. 
826 msg msg santa operates very professional and curtious manner. 
826 their products are very high quality and their prices are competitve. 
827 great have you here there specific reason you not list the price for your lsd. 
828 congrats saint nic xmas all year round. 
829 i'd like congratulate saint nic getting verified. 
829 now star vendor the eyes the avengers. 
829 buy from santa with confidence. 
830 yea congrats santa have fun dropping all the goodies down the chimneys the world. 
831 wont let register. 
831 forgot old accounts password. 
831 would anyone let use old account they have one cant offer anything return. 
832 could someone link another darknet forum where might find someone talk. 
834 just thought dickhead. 
835 where signup shutup bitch. 
836 someone were looking into vending where would they find which markets charge what for vendor account. 
837 santa title well earned. 
838 jules winnfield still here cause bad ass motherfuckers like you all make possible. 
839 great have you here there specific reason you not list the price for your lsd. 
840 hey guys the last few weeks have organised few transactions with saint nic with payment being made directly address and away from the mainstream marketplaces. 
840 firstly their communication always quick and thorough they tend steer clear one two word responses. 
840 the mdma recieved was some the best have ever got hands. 
840 lovely brown colour with plenty rocks mixed throughout and the ainseed smell was almost overpowering. 
840 paid nic directly for order was disptahced within hours and all envelopes landed shortly after. 
840 product was tested with mecke simons and marquis testers and tested strongly expected. 
840 when all contents were removed from the mylar they had sent total. 
840 without giving away too much packaging their stealth was very clever despite being confined envelope. 
840 their mdma was acetone washed acen and these were the results washed acenvendor saint niclink. 
840 onion users saint nicbought agreementdate. 
840 january amount washed gamount after wash gpurity percentage. 
840 link acetone wash. 
840 msg msg santa operates very professional and curtious manner. 
840 their products are very high quality and their prices are competitve. 
841 congrats saint nic xmas all year round. 
842 top deals are bad scammers selling fake hash remember that dude selling the vegetable based fake hash bmr bragging how many top vendors were using his product top deals manali cream hash thc stone all cant even give this rubbish away even messages they are piss taking lyers saying how there smoking whilst writing and its the finest smoothest hash wankers saddest thing many prolly kids leave good feedback fuck knows why shows how bad the cut street hash everywhere the idea these markets avoid these dodgy cunts. 
843 hello siblings today. 
843 info there are currency pairs where today mar and case you are curious here they are pairs btc btc btc btc adt cny adt ltc adt xpm air btc alb btc alf btc alp btc alp ltc amc btc amc ltc anc btc anc ltc ant btc ant usd aph btc aph ltc app btc arg btc arg ltc asc btc asc doge asc ltc asc xpm asr btc atp btc aur btc aur ltc aur usd bat btc btc ltc bcx btc bea btc bec cny bela btc beli btc ben btc bet btc bet ltc bfc btc bil btc bil ltc blc btc blc usd blk btc boc btc boc ltc bqc btc bqc cny bqc ltc btb btc btb cny btc cny btc eur btc nok btc rur btc usd btc xrp btcs btc bte btc btg btc btq btc btq cny btr cny buk btc buk cny btc ltc cach btc cage btc cage doge cage ltc cap btc cash btc cat btc cat doge cat ltc cdc btc cent btc cent cny cent ltc cent xpm cga btc cgb btc cgb ltc cin btc clr btc clr eur clr ltc clr usd cmc btc cmc cny cnc btc cnc cny cnc ltc cnote btc coin btc coin usd col btc col cny col doge col ltc col xpm con btc corg btc corg ltc cpr ltc crc btc csc btc ctm btc ctm doge ctm ltc dbl ltc dem btc dem ltc dgb btc dgc btc dgc cny dgc ltc dgc usd diem ltc dime btc dime doge dime ltc dmd btc doge btc doge cny doge eur doge ltc doge nmc doge usd drk btc drk usd dsc cny dtc btc dtc cny duck btc duck usd dvc btc dvc cny dvc ltc dvc usd dvc xpm eac btc eac doge eac ltc ebt btc efl btc elc btc elp btc elp ltc emc btc emc ltc emd btc emo ltc etok btc eur usd eur xrp exc btc exc cny exe btc ezc btc ezc ltc ffc btc ffc doge ffc ltc flap btc flap ltc flap usd flo btc flo ltc flt btc fox btc frc btc frc cny frc ltc fre btc frk btc frk ltc frk usd frq btc fry btc fsc btc fsc usd fst btc fst ltc ftc btc ftc cny ftc eur ftc ltc ftc usd btc ltc gac btc gac ltc gdc btc ghc btc ghc usd gil btc glb btc glc btc glc ltc gld btc gld ltc glx btc gme btc gme ltc gns btc gpu btc gpuc btc gpuc ltc gra btc gra ltc grc btc grc usd grce btc grump doge grw btc grw cny grw ltc hbn btc hic btc hiro btc hkc btc hkc ltc hpc btc hpc ltc huc btc hvc btc hvc usd hyc btc btc icn btc icn ltc ifc btc ifc cny ifc doge ifc ltc ifc usd ifc xpm ipc btc iqd btc iqd usd isk cny ixc btc ixc usd jkc btc jkc ltc karm btc kdc btc kgc btc kgc ltc krn btc lbw btc ldc btc ldc usd leaf btc leaf ltc leaf usd lgbt btc lgbt usd btc lky btc lot btc lot doge lot ltc love cny ltc btc ltc cny ltc eur ltc rur ltc usd lyc btc max btc max cny mcx btc mec btc mec cny mec ltc med btc mem btc mem ltc meow btc meow doge meow ltc mim btc mim usd mint btc mint cny mint usd mmc btc mmc cny mnc btc moon btc moon doge moon ltc mrc btc mrc ltc mrs btc msc btc mst ltc mtc btc mts btc mvc btc mvc ltc mxb btc myr btc mzc btc nan btc nan cny nan ltc nbl btc nec btc net btc net cny net ltc net xpm nib btc nka btc nka ltc nmc btc nmc cny nmc eur nmc ltc nmc usd nobl btc nobl doge nobl ltc nrb btc nrs btc nvc btc nvc usd nwc cny nxt btc nxt cny nxt ltc nyan btc nyan ltc nym btc ogc btc oly btc orb btc orb ltc osc btc pand btc pand ltc panda ltc pawn btc pcc btc peng btc peng ltc pho btc phs btc btc pig btc plnc btc plnc ltc pmc btc points btc pot btc ppc btc ppc cny ppc eur ppc ltc ppc usd ppc xpm ppl cny prc btc prt btc prt ltc btc pts btc pts cny pwc btc pxc btc pxc ltc pxl btc pyc btc btc usd qqc btc qrk btc qrk cny qrk ltc qrk usd qrk xpm rch btc rch cny rch ltc rdd btc rdd doge rdd ltc rec btc rec cny rec ltc red btc red cny red ltc redd btc ric btc rpc btc rpc doge rpc ltc rpd btc rqc btc ruby btc ruby usd ryc btc ryc ltc sat btc sav btc sbc btc sbc ltc btc skc btc sll btc sloth btc smc btc smc doge smc ltc soc btc spa btc spa ltc spa usd spt btc src btc src cny stc btc stc usd str btc sun ltc svc btc svc usd sxc btc sxc doge sxc ltc syn btc tag btc tag cny tag doge tag ltc tak btc tea btc tea doge tea ltc tek btc tes btc tes usd tgc btc tgc ltc tips btc tips cny tips doge tips ltc tix btc tix cny tix ltc tix xpm trc btc trc eur trc usd trl btc ttc btc ttc usd ufc cny uni btc uno btc uno doge usd rur usde btc usde usd utc btc vel btc ven btc ven eur ven usd vtc btc vtc cny vtc doge vtc ltc vtc usd wdc btc wdc cny wdc doge wdc ltc wdc usd wiki btc wolf btc xcp btc xcp cny xiv btc xiv ltc xjo btc xnc btc xnc ltc xpm btc xpm cny xpm ltc xpm usd xrp btc xrp eur xrp ltc xrp nmc xrp usd xrp ven xsv btc yac btc yac cny yac ltc yang btc ybc btc yin btc zcc btc zcc cny zed btc zed usd zeit btc zeit ltc zet btc zet cny zet doge zet ltcthe question. 
843 how many different currencies are there theres different currencies the listing above. 
843 but that includes the hypher inflating fiat currencies usd eur rur etc. 
843 but maybe theres hidden information this listing. 
843 youll notice that some currencies appear more often these pairs like usd for example. 
843 question which the non fiat currencies appear most the pairings answer btc appears the pairings ltc appears the pairings doge amazingly given started life joke appears the pairings xrp ripple centralised and vastly pre mined bankster owned sabotage coin that shouldnt trusted and doesnt offer any anonymity buyer beware appears the pairings. 
843 nmc which tipping for glorious future appears alas only the pairings. 
843 what drops out this brief analysis for. 
843 affirms that litecoin the. 
843 coin but not market capitalisation. 
843 the incredible rise doggie coin doge perhaps this coin deserves further research scrutiny answer the big questions does have future will its price rise substantially how many these coins will survive the next years strongly suspect less than will survive see mass mainstream use. 
843 probably litecoin and bitcoin are guaranteed entrants that list. 
843 but who are the others namecoin quarkcoin max keisers maxcoin luckycoin any reasoned arguments which coins will survive see. 
843 are very welcome. 
843 those you who keep with the financial news bloomberg reuters. 
843 com zero hedge will well aware the start the collapse the petrodollar and hence the start the end the dollar the worlds reserve currency. 
843 com edge russia switches brics sanctions this likely shake investment decisions the world over. 
843 money willflow into new avenues. 
843 bitcoin and litecoin will obvious new homes for some this cash. 
843 this probable catalyst further btc and ltc price rises this year. 
843 one notable tipster btc. 
843 com predicting bitcoin and litecoin before the year out litecoin keeping its current. 
843 valuation against bitcoin have nice day. 
844 deemz brotha good move. 
844 never liked anything about that site. 
845 i'd like congratulate saint nic getting verified. 
845 now star vendor the eyes the avengers. 
845 buy from santa with confidence. 
846 bsm consumer here. 
846 keep the great work guys. 
846 ive only got couple feedback the moment but hope become trusted buyer. 
847 hey guys and dollsi noticed that far the roll call only showing vendors. 
847 how many you mention the blue sky sub the hub your customers thing blue sky has forum and because the hub not affiliated anywhere its very unlikely that bsm owners will actively divert users here from their market site doubt many users even know exists. 
847 but forums are great place for keeping contact with your customers sure you already know might worth encouraging hic your customers from bsm come and say all here comment your review threads etc. 
847 just thinking aloud. 
848 may may not right now please leave encrypted message after the beep and kindly deposit your btcs. 
848 one our shipping experts will assist you shortly. 
849 from blackstar march amnice see you gentlemen ladies. 
849 they ate btc like expensive vending machine. 
849 just never showed deposit. 
849 you can follow the blockchain your deposit and show support they will fix. 
849 sometimes their system squirrels bit. 
849 ive never had problem that was not fixed though. 
849 you show the the txid the deposit and have the keys the dpad leads they will fix your account and get your coin straightened out. 
850 recently completed first purchase from bsm and its safe say that love. 
850 its now one markets. 
851 here actively try direct our customers from all markets come here. 
852 cant speak for anyone else that has dealt with pandora but ive bought there from the begining. 
852 have only been scammed once which good and never had any issues retrieving leftover btc. 
853 update are almost done with coding there are some delays but nothing that will hold for much longer. 
853 are setting some servers right speak and should have forum back soon. 
853 once coding done start graphics design html css. 
853 are committed proving the best most pleasant most secure user experience possible. 
853 also made the decision add anoncoin our accepted payment options. 
854 its breakdown which crypto currencies are worth backing and some speculation for the future years. 
854 which the moment far cryptos little too far sighted for. 
855 being bsm has forum this our meeting place. 
855 would nice see whos around and get community feel. 
856 nice see you gentlemen ladies. 
856 they ate btc like expensive vending machine. 
856 just never showed deposit. 
857 works but there need for socks setting the network connection. 
858 what the hell this. 
859 yea congrats santa have fun dropping all the goodies down the chimneys the world. 
860 has been exposed already vendors. 
861 but when look its not very well conceived thought was youd best off hacking some financial institution and robbing fuck out that. 
861 much much less jail time. 
862 hate stating the obvious. 
862 but bitcoins cannot counterfeited. 
862 you cannot make fake bitcoins. 
862 one the fundamental principles crypto currencies. 
863 you can fake bitcoin transaction. 
863 but its not something lila and his ipad can accomplish. 
863 understanding you need have good the overall hash rate and able process whole blocks your own. 
863 you proccess block and somehow edit into saying you have have not sent btc certain address. 
863 can confirmed multiple times but the more confirmations needs the more processing power you need. 
863 sorry for the incredibly non technical explanation. 
863 havent read too far into. 
863 only have like processing power. 
864 possible though create fake transaction not they dont really let you anything because the blockchain wont confirm them. 
864 the blockchain like that really angry cashier who checks your note against the light all the while glaring you say yeah boy. 
864 know what youss tryin pull aint workin then she hands you your note back and says fuck yourself. 
864 then honks your nose. 
864 hic maybe was just dream. 
865 theres post reddit otherwise you can into every market and check out its not that difficult. 
866 jules winnfield still here cause bad ass motherfuckers like you all make possible. 
867 great have you here there specific reason you not list the price for your lsd. 
868 hey guys the last few weeks have organised few transactions with saint nic with payment being made directly address and away from the mainstream marketplaces. 
868 firstly their communication always quick and thorough they tend steer clear one two word responses. 
868 the mdma recieved was some the best have ever got hands. 
868 lovely brown colour with plenty rocks mixed throughout and the ainseed smell was almost overpowering. 
868 paid nic directly for order was disptahced within hours and all envelopes landed shortly after. 
868 product was tested with mecke simons and marquis testers and tested strongly expected. 
868 when all contents were removed from the mylar they had sent total. 
868 without giving away too much packaging their stealth was very clever despite being confined envelope. 
868 their mdma was acetone washed acen and these were the results washed acenvendor saint niclink. 
868 onion users saint nicbought agreementdate. 
868 january amount washed gamount after wash gpurity percentage. 
868 link acetone wash. 
868 msg msg santa operates very professional and curtious manner. 
868 their products are very high quality and their prices are competitve. 
869 congrats saint nic xmas all year round. 
870 top deals are bad scammers selling fake hash remember that dude selling the vegetable based fake hash bmr bragging how many top vendors were using his product top deals manali cream hash thc stone all cant even give this rubbish away even messages they are piss taking lyers saying how there smoking whilst writing and its the finest smoothest hash wankers saddest thing many prolly kids leave good feedback fuck knows why shows how bad the cut street hash everywhere the idea these markets avoid these dodgy cunts. 
871 hello siblings today. 
871 info there are currency pairs where today mar and case you are curious here they are pairs btc btc btc btc adt cny adt ltc adt xpm air btc alb btc alf btc alp btc alp ltc amc btc amc ltc anc btc anc ltc ant btc ant usd aph btc aph ltc app btc arg btc arg ltc asc btc asc doge asc ltc asc xpm asr btc atp btc aur btc aur ltc aur usd bat btc btc ltc bcx btc bea btc bec cny bela btc beli btc ben btc bet btc bet ltc bfc btc bil btc bil ltc blc btc blc usd blk btc boc btc boc ltc bqc btc bqc cny bqc ltc btb btc btb cny btc cny btc eur btc nok btc rur btc usd btc xrp btcs btc bte btc btg btc btq btc btq cny btr cny buk btc buk cny btc ltc cach btc cage btc cage doge cage ltc cap btc cash btc cat btc cat doge cat ltc cdc btc cent btc cent cny cent ltc cent xpm cga btc cgb btc cgb ltc cin btc clr btc clr eur clr ltc clr usd cmc btc cmc cny cnc btc cnc cny cnc ltc cnote btc coin btc coin usd col btc col cny col doge col ltc col xpm con btc corg btc corg ltc cpr ltc crc btc csc btc ctm btc ctm doge ctm ltc dbl ltc dem btc dem ltc dgb btc dgc btc dgc cny dgc ltc dgc usd diem ltc dime btc dime doge dime ltc dmd btc doge btc doge cny doge eur doge ltc doge nmc doge usd drk btc drk usd dsc cny dtc btc dtc cny duck btc duck usd dvc btc dvc cny dvc ltc dvc usd dvc xpm eac btc eac doge eac ltc ebt btc efl btc elc btc elp btc elp ltc emc btc emc ltc emd btc emo ltc etok btc eur usd eur xrp exc btc exc cny exe btc ezc btc ezc ltc ffc btc ffc doge ffc ltc flap btc flap ltc flap usd flo btc flo ltc flt btc fox btc frc btc frc cny frc ltc fre btc frk btc frk ltc frk usd frq btc fry btc fsc btc fsc usd fst btc fst ltc ftc btc ftc cny ftc eur ftc ltc ftc usd btc ltc gac btc gac ltc gdc btc ghc btc ghc usd gil btc glb btc glc btc glc ltc gld btc gld ltc glx btc gme btc gme ltc gns btc gpu btc gpuc btc gpuc ltc gra btc gra ltc grc btc grc usd grce btc grump doge grw btc grw cny grw ltc hbn btc hic btc hiro btc hkc btc hkc ltc hpc btc hpc ltc huc btc hvc btc hvc usd hyc btc btc icn btc icn ltc ifc btc ifc cny ifc doge ifc ltc ifc usd ifc xpm ipc btc iqd btc iqd usd isk cny ixc btc ixc usd jkc btc jkc ltc karm btc kdc btc kgc btc kgc ltc krn btc lbw btc ldc btc ldc usd leaf btc leaf ltc leaf usd lgbt btc lgbt usd btc lky btc lot btc lot doge lot ltc love cny ltc btc ltc cny ltc eur ltc rur ltc usd lyc btc max btc max cny mcx btc mec btc mec cny mec ltc med btc mem btc mem ltc meow btc meow doge meow ltc mim btc mim usd mint btc mint cny mint usd mmc btc mmc cny mnc btc moon btc moon doge moon ltc mrc btc mrc ltc mrs btc msc btc mst ltc mtc btc mts btc mvc btc mvc ltc mxb btc myr btc mzc btc nan btc nan cny nan ltc nbl btc nec btc net btc net cny net ltc net xpm nib btc nka btc nka ltc nmc btc nmc cny nmc eur nmc ltc nmc usd nobl btc nobl doge nobl ltc nrb btc nrs btc nvc btc nvc usd nwc cny nxt btc nxt cny nxt ltc nyan btc nyan ltc nym btc ogc btc oly btc orb btc orb ltc osc btc pand btc pand ltc panda ltc pawn btc pcc btc peng btc peng ltc pho btc phs btc btc pig btc plnc btc plnc ltc pmc btc points btc pot btc ppc btc ppc cny ppc eur ppc ltc ppc usd ppc xpm ppl cny prc btc prt btc prt ltc btc pts btc pts cny pwc btc pxc btc pxc ltc pxl btc pyc btc btc usd qqc btc qrk btc qrk cny qrk ltc qrk usd qrk xpm rch btc rch cny rch ltc rdd btc rdd doge rdd ltc rec btc rec cny rec ltc red btc red cny red ltc redd btc ric btc rpc btc rpc doge rpc ltc rpd btc rqc btc ruby btc ruby usd ryc btc ryc ltc sat btc sav btc sbc btc sbc ltc btc skc btc sll btc sloth btc smc btc smc doge smc ltc soc btc spa btc spa ltc spa usd spt btc src btc src cny stc btc stc usd str btc sun ltc svc btc svc usd sxc btc sxc doge sxc ltc syn btc tag btc tag cny tag doge tag ltc tak btc tea btc tea doge tea ltc tek btc tes btc tes usd tgc btc tgc ltc tips btc tips cny tips doge tips ltc tix btc tix cny tix ltc tix xpm trc btc trc eur trc usd trl btc ttc btc ttc usd ufc cny uni btc uno btc uno doge usd rur usde btc usde usd utc btc vel btc ven btc ven eur ven usd vtc btc vtc cny vtc doge vtc ltc vtc usd wdc btc wdc cny wdc doge wdc ltc wdc usd wiki btc wolf btc xcp btc xcp cny xiv btc xiv ltc xjo btc xnc btc xnc ltc xpm btc xpm cny xpm ltc xpm usd xrp btc xrp eur xrp ltc xrp nmc xrp usd xrp ven xsv btc yac btc yac cny yac ltc yang btc ybc btc yin btc zcc btc zcc cny zed btc zed usd zeit btc zeit ltc zet btc zet cny zet doge zet ltcthe question. 
871 how many different currencies are there theres different currencies the listing above. 
871 but that includes the hypher inflating fiat currencies usd eur rur etc. 
871 but maybe theres hidden information this listing. 
871 youll notice that some currencies appear more often these pairs like usd for example. 
871 question which the non fiat currencies appear most the pairings answer btc appears the pairings ltc appears the pairings doge amazingly given started life joke appears the pairings xrp ripple centralised and vastly pre mined bankster owned sabotage coin that shouldnt trusted and doesnt offer any anonymity buyer beware appears the pairings. 
871 nmc which tipping for glorious future appears alas only the pairings. 
871 what drops out this brief analysis for. 
871 affirms that litecoin the. 
871 coin but not market capitalisation. 
871 the incredible rise doggie coin doge perhaps this coin deserves further research scrutiny answer the big questions does have future will its price rise substantially how many these coins will survive the next years strongly suspect less than will survive see mass mainstream use. 
871 probably litecoin and bitcoin are guaranteed entrants that list. 
871 but who are the others namecoin quarkcoin max keisers maxcoin luckycoin any reasoned arguments which coins will survive see. 
871 are very welcome. 
871 those you who keep with the financial news bloomberg reuters. 
871 com zero hedge will well aware the start the collapse the petrodollar and hence the start the end the dollar the worlds reserve currency. 
871 com edge russia switches brics sanctions this likely shake investment decisions the world over. 
871 money willflow into new avenues. 
871 bitcoin and litecoin will obvious new homes for some this cash. 
871 this probable catalyst further btc and ltc price rises this year. 
871 one notable tipster btc. 
871 com predicting bitcoin and litecoin before the year out litecoin keeping its current. 
871 valuation against bitcoin have nice day. 
872 deemz brotha good move. 
872 never liked anything about that site. 
873 i'd like congratulate saint nic getting verified. 
873 now star vendor the eyes the avengers. 
873 buy from santa with confidence. 
874 bsm consumer here. 
874 keep the great work guys. 
874 ive only got couple feedback the moment but hope become trusted buyer. 
875 hey guys and dollsi noticed that far the roll call only showing vendors. 
875 how many you mention the blue sky sub the hub your customers thing blue sky has forum and because the hub not affiliated anywhere its very unlikely that bsm owners will actively divert users here from their market site doubt many users even know exists. 
875 but forums are great place for keeping contact with your customers sure you already know might worth encouraging hic your customers from bsm come and say all here comment your review threads etc. 
875 just thinking aloud. 
876 may may not right now please leave encrypted message after the beep and kindly deposit your btcs. 
876 one our shipping experts will assist you shortly. 
877 from blackstar march amnice see you gentlemen ladies. 
877 they ate btc like expensive vending machine. 
877 just never showed deposit. 
877 you can follow the blockchain your deposit and show support they will fix. 
877 sometimes their system squirrels bit. 
877 ive never had problem that was not fixed though. 
877 you show the the txid the deposit and have the keys the dpad leads they will fix your account and get your coin straightened out. 
878 recently completed first purchase from bsm and its safe say that love. 
878 its now one markets. 
879 here actively try direct our customers from all markets come here. 
880 cant speak for anyone else that has dealt with pandora but ive bought there from the begining. 
880 have only been scammed once which good and never had any issues retrieving leftover btc. 
881 update are almost done with coding there are some delays but nothing that will hold for much longer. 
881 are setting some servers right speak and should have forum back soon. 
881 once coding done start graphics design html css. 
881 are committed proving the best most pleasant most secure user experience possible. 
881 also made the decision add anoncoin our accepted payment options. 
882 its breakdown which crypto currencies are worth backing and some speculation for the future years. 
882 which the moment far cryptos little too far sighted for. 
883 being bsm has forum this our meeting place. 
883 would nice see whos around and get community feel. 
884 nice see you gentlemen ladies. 
884 they ate btc like expensive vending machine. 
884 just never showed deposit. 
885 works but there need for socks setting the network connection. 
886 what the hell this. 
887 yea congrats santa have fun dropping all the goodies down the chimneys the world. 
888 has been exposed already vendors. 
889 but when look its not very well conceived thought was youd best off hacking some financial institution and robbing fuck out that. 
889 much much less jail time. 
890 hate stating the obvious. 
890 but bitcoins cannot counterfeited. 
890 you cannot make fake bitcoins. 
890 one the fundamental principles crypto currencies. 
891 you can fake bitcoin transaction. 
891 but its not something lila and his ipad can accomplish. 
891 understanding you need have good the overall hash rate and able process whole blocks your own. 
891 you proccess block and somehow edit into saying you have have not sent btc certain address. 
891 can confirmed multiple times but the more confirmations needs the more processing power you need. 
891 sorry for the incredibly non technical explanation. 
891 havent read too far into. 
891 only have like processing power. 
892 possible though create fake transaction not they dont really let you anything because the blockchain wont confirm them. 
892 the blockchain like that really angry cashier who checks your note against the light all the while glaring you say yeah boy. 
892 know what youss tryin pull aint workin then she hands you your note back and says fuck yourself. 
892 then honks your nose. 
892 hic maybe was just dream. 
893 any update from admim mods. 
894 this guy complete scam. 
894 are not evolution. 
895 same problem hopefully the vendor has seen order before the site went down. 
895 this occurring quite often lately though. 
896 getting either problem loading page blank orange screen. 
896 not sure what make. 
897 problem theres only admin with day time job and mods when goes down the day often does monday were stuck limbo. 
897 but suppose thats the price pay. 
898 viestien omalla ole tietoturvan kannalta viestin sis viel tunnettu tapauksessa. 
898 sano ett olisi ongelma mutta oli pakko mainita ett yleisesti viisasta pit eri avain. 
899 made fake account and fake order. 
899 here the btc wallet the imposter expects you send money cghig rhj znhsc money lets hope stays that way and nobody getting sucked this. 
900 this just note bump our thread people are aware any orders that have been placed with agora are aware any delays. 
901 why tcp hidden service and not ssl via tor outproxy most the electrum servers dont block tor outproxies there really need use hidden service. 
901 for that all you need set your network use localhost and the port with socks the protocol. 
901 there one server running the ssl service port tails will bitch you when connects. 
901 bothers you you can just comment that server out. 
901 also with dotfiles persistence enabled there need enable root manually hack the persistence. 
901 once you create your wallet just copy the. 
901 electrum directory into the dotfiles directory tailsdata unlocked. 
902 from willowsmom march pmnot happy right now. 
902 withdrew all coin yesterday morning and yes now balance. 
902 however the coin hasnt even been sent yet. 
902 the transaction listed the correct withdrawal address noted but its labeled pending still not blockchain almost hours later. 
902 put ticket but jeez need money this the first time ive had problem like this bsm update its now been almost hours support never got back but the pending status was just changed sent and the coin wallet. 
902 read the faq and stuff. 
902 says there that sometimes withdrawals are done manually for whatever reason and may take bit longer. 
902 glad they showed problem. 
903 agra down again cant seem access was. 
904 theres some twat the agora forums claiming that the site was seized but course didnt post any proof claims has secret source. 
904 hope its just. 
905 hope that not true really like that market. 
906 any other vendor and have been bricking when agora went down but know would always find way. 
906 only vendor genuinely trust definitely looking forward midweek package now the pills are finally back. 
907 dear all more dangerous anonymity visit non onion sites with tor. 
908 this question can answered many ways. 
908 traffic analysis easier when visiting clearnet sites yes. 
908 you rotate exit nodes every minutes while hidden service keeps its entry guards for month longer. 
908 since your end the connection the same both cases you reach certain probability getting pwned traffic analysis much faster when visiting clearnet sites than when visiting hidden servcies. 
908 clearnet site more likely malicious try deanonyize you than hidden service probably not. 
908 clearnet sites may try track you for targeted advertising but tor browser does good job defending against linkability. 
908 its worth noting that the only targeted attack against tor users that know about came from hidden service freedom hosting. 
908 are there other factors that can threaten your anonymity yes. 
908 the connection from the exit node the clearnet site isnt encrypted unless you make encrypted with ssl tls while circuits hidden services are always encrypted end end. 
908 also tcp streams different clearnet sites may multiplexed the same circuit and leave the same exit node which will know that you rather the same anonymous person visiting those sites while circuits hidden services are always separate. 
908 you can set option tors configuration file enforce stream isolation although its not recommended for web browsing. 
908 final factor affects other apps besides tor browser. 
908 you misconfigure your proxy settings you may accidentally connect clearnet site over clearnet rather than over tor but misconfigured proxy settings will cause connection hidden service simply fail perhaps with dns leak. 
909 the master has possessions. 
909 the more does for others the happier. 
909 the more gives others the wealthier. 
909 the tao nourishes not forcing. 
909 not dominating the master leads. 
910 ive seen some pretty elaborate and brilliant scams take place darknet. 
910 this not one them. 
911 hey buddy great see you here the forums too should placing order with you soon the website back and running and can deposit btcs looking forward rekindling our customer vendor relationship homo course haha probably the best vendor ive ever dealt with the darknet recommend hin anyone and everyone blackwing. 
912 this just note bump our thread people are aware any orders that have been placed with agora are aware any delays. 
913 viestien omalla ole tietoturvan kannalta viestin sis viel tunnettu tapauksessa. 
913 sano ett olisi ongelma mutta oli pakko mainita ett yleisesti viisasta pit eri avain. 
914 this guy complete scam. 
914 are not evolution. 
915 the master has possessions. 
915 the more does for others the happier. 
915 the more gives others the wealthier. 
915 the tao nourishes not forcing. 
915 not dominating the master leads. 
916 this guy complete scam. 
916 are not evolution. 
917 you want two phones opinionyou want burner phone with sim you can conduct buisness granted you have the apps encrypt the texts calls etc. 
917 with vpn then destroy completely when youre donethen you want smartphone that you can root take the sim out. 
917 only connect vpn and run tor through since rooted can direct all traffic through tor rooted never anything naked well and use that for personal attacks anything else you might want. 
917 just dont link your irl credentials youre tying online persona bank irl friends etc use one smartphone like this for each identity you havethats what. 
918 from march pmviestien omalla ole tietoturvan kannalta viestin sis viel tunnettu tapauksessa. 
918 tutustu pgp perusteisiin. 
918 viestien niiden julkaiseminen aiheuta mink nlaista heikkoutta. 
918 jos usko niin eik modet anna sinun hett saman viestin. 
919 ive seen some pretty elaborate and brilliant scams take place darknet. 
919 this not one them. 
920 hey buddy great see you here the forums too should placing order with you soon the website back and running and can deposit btcs looking forward rekindling our customer vendor relationship homo course haha probably the best vendor ive ever dealt with the darknet recommend hin anyone and everyone blackwing. 
921 this what happened utopia before got shut down. 
922 dear all more dangerous anonymity visit non onion sites with tor. 
923 this question can answered many ways. 
923 traffic analysis easier when visiting clearnet sites yes. 
923 you rotate exit nodes every minutes while hidden service keeps its entry guards for month longer. 
923 since your end the connection the same both cases you reach certain probability getting pwned traffic analysis much faster when visiting clearnet sites than when visiting hidden servcies. 
923 clearnet site more likely malicious try deanonyize you than hidden service probably not. 
923 clearnet sites may try track you for targeted advertising but tor browser does good job defending against linkability. 
923 its worth noting that the only targeted attack against tor users that know about came from hidden service freedom hosting. 
923 are there other factors that can threaten your anonymity yes. 
923 the connection from the exit node the clearnet site isnt encrypted unless you make encrypted with ssl tls while circuits hidden services are always encrypted end end. 
923 also tcp streams different clearnet sites may multiplexed the same circuit and leave the same exit node which will know that you rather the same anonymous person visiting those sites while circuits hidden services are always separate. 
923 you can set option tors configuration file enforce stream isolation although its not recommended for web browsing. 
923 final factor affects other apps besides tor browser. 
923 you misconfigure your proxy settings you may accidentally connect clearnet site over clearnet rather than over tor but misconfigured proxy settings will cause connection hidden service simply fail perhaps with dns leak. 
924 the master has possessions. 
924 the more does for others the happier. 
924 the more gives others the wealthier. 
924 the tao nourishes not forcing. 
924 not dominating the master leads. 
926 still getting probem loading page. 
927 another bsm consumer here. 
928 this just note bump our thread people are aware any orders that have been placed with agora are aware any delays. 
929 why tcp hidden service and not ssl via tor outproxy most the electrum servers dont block tor outproxies there really need use hidden service. 
929 for that all you need set your network use localhost and the port with socks the protocol. 
929 there one server running the ssl service port tails will bitch you when connects. 
929 bothers you you can just comment that server out. 
929 also with dotfiles persistence enabled there need enable root manually hack the persistence. 
929 once you create your wallet just copy the. 
929 electrum directory into the dotfiles directory tailsdata unlocked. 
930 yea wit try get some them over here. 
930 the majority darknet market users never post forums all. 
930 got sign and review. 
930 not many stayed active but they came. 
930 the two guys above glad you guys like bsm. 
930 think its such good site hope all the best your travels through the daraknet. 
931 dear all more dangerous anonymity visit non onion sites with tor. 
932 from willowsmom march pmnot happy right now. 
932 withdrew all coin yesterday morning and yes now balance. 
932 however the coin hasnt even been sent yet. 
932 the transaction listed the correct withdrawal address noted but its labeled pending still not blockchain almost hours later. 
932 put ticket but jeez need money this the first time ive had problem like this bsm update its now been almost hours support never got back but the pending status was just changed sent and the coin wallet. 
932 read the faq and stuff. 
932 says there that sometimes withdrawals are done manually for whatever reason and may take bit longer. 
932 glad they showed problem. 
933 you are asking about the pass code for you pgp wouldnt use any spaces. 
933 minimum should keys recomend keys. 
934 happy help you although not sure understand your question. 
934 your pgp key automatically generated when you set. 
934 you have open the asc file word processor see your public pgp key. 
935 this question can answered many ways. 
935 traffic analysis easier when visiting clearnet sites yes. 
935 you rotate exit nodes every minutes while hidden service keeps its entry guards for month longer. 
935 since your end the connection the same both cases you reach certain probability getting pwned traffic analysis much faster when visiting clearnet sites than when visiting hidden servcies. 
935 clearnet site more likely malicious try deanonyize you than hidden service probably not. 
935 clearnet sites may try track you for targeted advertising but tor browser does good job defending against linkability. 
935 its worth noting that the only targeted attack against tor users that know about came from hidden service freedom hosting. 
935 are there other factors that can threaten your anonymity yes. 
935 the connection from the exit node the clearnet site isnt encrypted unless you make encrypted with ssl tls while circuits hidden services are always encrypted end end. 
935 also tcp streams different clearnet sites may multiplexed the same circuit and leave the same exit node which will know that you rather the same anonymous person visiting those sites while circuits hidden services are always separate. 
935 you can set option tors configuration file enforce stream isolation although its not recommended for web browsing. 
935 final factor affects other apps besides tor browser. 
935 you misconfigure your proxy settings you may accidentally connect clearnet site over clearnet rather than over tor but misconfigured proxy settings will cause connection hidden service simply fail perhaps with dns leak. 
936 the master has possessions. 
936 the more does for others the happier. 
936 the more gives others the wealthier. 
936 the tao nourishes not forcing. 
936 not dominating the master leads. 
937 you want two phones opinionyou want burner phone with sim you can conduct buisness granted you have the apps encrypt the texts calls etc. 
937 with vpn then destroy completely when youre donethen you want smartphone that you can root take the sim out. 
937 only connect vpn and run tor through since rooted can direct all traffic through tor rooted never anything naked well and use that for personal attacks anything else you might want. 
937 just dont link your irl credentials youre tying online persona bank irl friends etc use one smartphone like this for each identity you havethats what. 
938 yea wit try get some them over here. 
938 the majority darknet market users never post forums all. 
938 got sign and review. 
938 not many stayed active but they came. 
938 the two guys above glad you guys like bsm. 
938 think its such good site hope all the best your travels through the daraknet. 
939 from march pmviestien omalla ole tietoturvan kannalta viestin sis viel tunnettu tapauksessa. 
939 tutustu pgp perusteisiin. 
939 viestien niiden julkaiseminen aiheuta mink nlaista heikkoutta. 
939 jos usko niin eik modet anna sinun hett saman viestin. 
940 this what happened utopia before got shut down. 
942 still getting probem loading page. 
943 another bsm consumer here. 
944 any update from admim mods. 
945 made fake account and fake order. 
945 here the btc wallet the imposter expects you send money cghig rhj znhsc money lets hope stays that way and nobody getting sucked this. 
946 theres some twat the agora forums claiming that the site was seized but course didnt post any proof claims has secret source. 
946 hope its just. 
947 any update from admim mods. 
948 agra down again cant seem access was. 
949 hope that not true really like that market. 
950 any other vendor and have been bricking when agora went down but know would always find way. 
950 only vendor genuinely trust definitely looking forward midweek package now the pills are finally back. 
951 viestien omalla ole tietoturvan kannalta viestin sis viel tunnettu tapauksessa. 
951 sano ett olisi ongelma mutta oli pakko mainita ett yleisesti viisasta pit eri avain. 
952 help would greatly appreciated. 
953 happy help you although not sure understand your question. 
953 your pgp key automatically generated when you set. 
953 you have open the asc file word processor see your public pgp key. 
954 you are asking about the pass code for you pgp wouldn't use any spaces. 
954 minimum should keys recomend keys. 
955 this guy complete scam. 
955 are not evolution. 
956 this what happened utopia before got shut down. 
958 agra down again cant seem access was. 
959 you want two phones opinionyou want burner phone with sim you can conduct buisness granted you have the apps encrypt the texts calls etc. 
959 with vpn then destroy completely when youre donethen you want smartphone that you can root take the sim out. 
959 only connect vpn and run tor through since rooted can direct all traffic through tor rooted never anything naked well and use that for personal attacks anything else you might want. 
959 just dont link your irl credentials youre tying online persona bank irl friends etc use one smartphone like this for each identity you havethats what. 
960 from march pmviestien omalla ole tietoturvan kannalta viestin sis viel tunnettu tapauksessa. 
960 tutustu pgp perusteisiin. 
960 viestien niiden julkaiseminen aiheuta mink nlaista heikkoutta. 
960 jos usko niin eik modet anna sinun hett saman viestin. 
961 ive seen some pretty elaborate and brilliant scams take place darknet. 
961 this not one them. 
962 hey buddy great see you here the forums too should placing order with you soon the website back and running and can deposit btcs looking forward rekindling our customer vendor relationship homo course haha probably the best vendor ive ever dealt with the darknet recommend hin anyone and everyone blackwing. 
963 this what happened utopia before got shut down. 
964 dear all more dangerous anonymity visit non onion sites with tor. 
965 this question can answered many ways. 
965 traffic analysis easier when visiting clearnet sites yes. 
965 you rotate exit nodes every minutes while hidden service keeps its entry guards for month longer. 
965 since your end the connection the same both cases you reach certain probability getting pwned traffic analysis much faster when visiting clearnet sites than when visiting hidden servcies. 
965 clearnet site more likely malicious try deanonyize you than hidden service probably not. 
965 clearnet sites may try track you for targeted advertising but tor browser does good job defending against linkability. 
965 its worth noting that the only targeted attack against tor users that know about came from hidden service freedom hosting. 
965 are there other factors that can threaten your anonymity yes. 
965 the connection from the exit node the clearnet site isnt encrypted unless you make encrypted with ssl tls while circuits hidden services are always encrypted end end. 
965 also tcp streams different clearnet sites may multiplexed the same circuit and leave the same exit node which will know that you rather the same anonymous person visiting those sites while circuits hidden services are always separate. 
965 you can set option tors configuration file enforce stream isolation although its not recommended for web browsing. 
965 final factor affects other apps besides tor browser. 
965 you misconfigure your proxy settings you may accidentally connect clearnet site over clearnet rather than over tor but misconfigured proxy settings will cause connection hidden service simply fail perhaps with dns leak. 
966 the master has possessions. 
966 the more does for others the happier. 
966 the more gives others the wealthier. 
966 the tao nourishes not forcing. 
966 not dominating the master leads. 
968 still getting probem loading page. 
969 another bsm consumer here. 
970 this just note bump our thread people are aware any orders that have been placed with agora are aware any delays. 
971 why tcp hidden service and not ssl via tor outproxy most the electrum servers dont block tor outproxies there really need use hidden service. 
971 for that all you need set your network use localhost and the port with socks the protocol. 
971 there one server running the ssl service port tails will bitch you when connects. 
971 bothers you you can just comment that server out. 
971 also with dotfiles persistence enabled there need enable root manually hack the persistence. 
971 once you create your wallet just copy the. 
971 electrum directory into the dotfiles directory tailsdata unlocked. 
972 same problem hopefully the vendor has seen order before the site went down. 
972 this occurring quite often lately though. 
973 getting either problem loading page blank orange screen. 
973 not sure what make. 
974 yea wit try get some them over here. 
974 the majority darknet market users never post forums all. 
974 got sign and review. 
974 not many stayed active but they came. 
974 the two guys above glad you guys like bsm. 
974 think its such good site hope all the best your travels through the daraknet. 
975 from willowsmom march pmnot happy right now. 
975 withdrew all coin yesterday morning and yes now balance. 
975 however the coin hasnt even been sent yet. 
975 the transaction listed the correct withdrawal address noted but its labeled pending still not blockchain almost hours later. 
975 put ticket but jeez need money this the first time ive had problem like this bsm update its now been almost hours support never got back but the pending status was just changed sent and the coin wallet. 
975 read the faq and stuff. 
975 says there that sometimes withdrawals are done manually for whatever reason and may take bit longer. 
975 glad they showed problem. 
976 problem theres only admin with day time job and mods when goes down the day often does monday were stuck limbo. 
976 but suppose thats the price pay. 
977 made fake account and fake order. 
977 here the btc wallet the imposter expects you send money cghig rhj znhsc money lets hope stays that way and nobody getting sucked this. 
978 theres some twat the agora forums claiming that the site was seized but course didnt post any proof claims has secret source. 
978 hope its just. 
979 any update from admim mods. 
980 agra down again cant seem access was. 
981 hope that not true really like that market. 
982 any other vendor and have been bricking when agora went down but know would always find way. 
982 only vendor genuinely trust definitely looking forward midweek package now the pills are finally back. 
983 this what happened utopia before got shut down. 
984 dear all more dangerous anonymity visit non onion sites with tor. 
985 this question can answered many ways. 
985 traffic analysis easier when visiting clearnet sites yes. 
985 you rotate exit nodes every minutes while hidden service keeps its entry guards for month longer. 
985 since your end the connection the same both cases you reach certain probability getting pwned traffic analysis much faster when visiting clearnet sites than when visiting hidden servcies. 
985 clearnet site more likely malicious try deanonyize you than hidden service probably not. 
985 clearnet sites may try track you for targeted advertising but tor browser does good job defending against linkability. 
985 its worth noting that the only targeted attack against tor users that know about came from hidden service freedom hosting. 
985 are there other factors that can threaten your anonymity yes. 
985 the connection from the exit node the clearnet site isnt encrypted unless you make encrypted with ssl tls while circuits hidden services are always encrypted end end. 
985 also tcp streams different clearnet sites may multiplexed the same circuit and leave the same exit node which will know that you rather the same anonymous person visiting those sites while circuits hidden services are always separate. 
985 you can set option tors configuration file enforce stream isolation although its not recommended for web browsing. 
985 final factor affects other apps besides tor browser. 
985 you misconfigure your proxy settings you may accidentally connect clearnet site over clearnet rather than over tor but misconfigured proxy settings will cause connection hidden service simply fail perhaps with dns leak. 
986 the master has possessions. 
986 the more does for others the happier. 
986 the more gives others the wealthier. 
986 the tao nourishes not forcing. 
986 not dominating the master leads. 
988 still getting probem loading page. 
989 another bsm consumer here. 
990 this just note bump our thread people are aware any orders that have been placed with agora are aware any delays. 
991 why tcp hidden service and not ssl via tor outproxy most the electrum servers dont block tor outproxies there really need use hidden service. 
991 for that all you need set your network use localhost and the port with socks the protocol. 
991 there one server running the ssl service port tails will bitch you when connects. 
991 bothers you you can just comment that server out. 
991 also with dotfiles persistence enabled there need enable root manually hack the persistence. 
991 once you create your wallet just copy the. 
991 electrum directory into the dotfiles directory tailsdata unlocked. 
