0 comfind someone selling btc for vanilla cvs riteaid walmart etc and put your cash onto vanilla reload card. 
0 give the seller your digit vanilla reload code. 
0 you will have your btc matter moments. 
0 idea how you could having trouble getting btc. 
0 you can also meet someone and purchase with cash locally. 
1 add tt's post. 
1 one can also purchase through local bitcoins with cash via online methods. 
1 look for listings that offer cash deposit certain bank branches. 
1 these require you the bank branch choice and fill out out state deposit slip you fill this form out and give the cash the teller and they deposit into the account the btc seller. 
1 your btc's are then released you. 
1 you don't even have member the bank bank america has always been very fast and hassle free. 
1 also with this method you usually aren't charged ridiculous price for your cryptocurrency. 
1 just remember tumble your coins intermediate wallet before using them purchase from vendor. 
1 info accessed through tor allows for the quick creation wallet that can used tumble the coins. 
2 from april pmsorry dude. 
2 also needed program play through saved games and play against. 
2 recommend many faces. 
2 available emule zip file size and versions are also available torrent. 
2 large number saved professional games are included for study well libraries openings and corner sequences. 
2 can also used play against other programs. 
2 literature the filesharing networks often contains the following the first part the file torrent name igo baduk weiqithere huge. 
2 torrent collection available the public trackers called book collection which should contain all you're likely need and more. 
3 from moreau april pmquote from april amgame against moreau don't know the best way format move history. 
4 seriously having trouble finding way buy btc the without attaching bank account the service. 
4 does anyone know way can use anonymous card loaded with cash purchase btc without this knowledge have been unable order and killing inside slowly. 
5 using gpa pgp for windows. 
5 lost public key can someone please explan how can replace find. 
6 there are many different things that you could use possibly satisfy this requirement. 
6 perhaps the easiest would simply zip file that has been password protected. 
6 course ive never done audit nor seen one the codebase ensure that the crypto that system doesnt have any implentation bugs. 
6 there are many other functionally similar methods doing the same thing. 
6 this would the encrypted tarball approach. 
6 the second approach would mount the file actual disk. 
6 this has the advantage being easy work with looks and feels just like native volume. 
6 there are few contenders that have both nix and windows compatabality this domain. 
6 the two ones that come mind are truecrypt and luks dmcrypt there are others well. 
6 org wiki comparison disk encryption software but dont think nearly much effort has been put into the review those. 
7 the vendor portal for deepify wont load anymore cant edit store. 
7 yesterday gave and became vendor evolution. 
8 when you say pasted all files from one usb the other you mean you pasted the entire contents live persistence tailsdata unlocked you should just able paste your keyring files located the gnupg folder that information into. 
8 gnupg and restart assuming you set upgnupg persistence your new persistence partition. 
9 using gpa pgp for windows. 
9 lost public key can someone please explan how can replace find. 
10 there are many different things that you could use possibly satisfy this requirement. 
10 perhaps the easiest would simply zip file that has been password protected. 
10 course ive never done audit nor seen one the codebase ensure that the crypto that system doesnt have any implentation bugs. 
10 there are many other functionally similar methods doing the same thing. 
10 this would the encrypted tarball approach. 
10 the second approach would mount the file actual disk. 
10 this has the advantage being easy work with looks and feels just like native volume. 
10 there are few contenders that have both nix and windows compatabality this domain. 
10 the two ones that come mind are truecrypt and luks dmcrypt there are others well. 
10 org wiki comparison disk encryption software but dont think nearly much effort has been put into the review those. 
11 the vendor portal for deepify wont load anymore cant edit store. 
11 yesterday gave and became vendor evolution. 
12 when you say pasted all files from one usb the other you mean you pasted the entire contents live persistence tailsdata unlocked you should just able paste your keyring files located the gnupg folder that information into. 
12 gnupg and restart assuming you set upgnupg persistence your new persistence partition. 
13 from moreau april amquote from april amquote from moreau april pmquote from april amquote from moreau april pmquote from april amgame against moreau. 
14 from moreau april pmquote from april amquote from moreau april pmquote from april amgame against moreau. 
15 thank you guys for the response and sure the question sounded stupid. 
15 very new and reading much can. 
15 obviously need learn bit more before any further. 
15 once again thank you for the great advice. 
16 hello you are looking for alternative then you can use our tumbler service. 
16 view more here. 
17 hello added new game our gambling center called rock scissor paper. 
17 with this game give everyone chance play against other users vendors. 
17 not take any fee for this game. 
17 how does work user create game and send the given url other user can shared this forum user select rock scissor paper. 
17 the game creator selected rock and you paper then you won. 
17 how create game the gambling page. 
17 click the rock scissor paper image right one select rock scissor paper. 
17 enter the amount bitcoins you want play with. 
17 share with everyone the given url. 
17 table with active games can found the gambling center. 
17 you want view games logs delete your active games then you can your account panel. 
17 deleting game will only give you refund greetings. 
18 experience with bsm support that they are thorough and reliable. 
18 its not lightning quick but ive always had resolution questions answered within days. 
19 posted this reply the shipping forum but seemed fit nicely here. 
19 would love get discussion going this topic thanks. 
19 its highly probable and somewhat documented that all lettered agency are using all the information they can gather make risk assesments all people world wide. 
19 all create fingerprints online. 
19 even when were offline our fingerprints are still there. 
19 very difficult mask them and can rarely prevent them. 
19 they are made every single click time between task click scroll etc words you type how you type them and where you type them. 
19 imagine like event log every little tedious detail form fingerprint. 
19 using that information lets them unmask you and reveal your anonymous self. 
19 people think creating different nyms usernames online and hiding behind each different one allows you become new person. 
19 just like real life our fingerprints tell our true identity and theyve very hard remove. 
19 they are moving towards future where its rather hard hide ones fingerprints ipv. 
19 that being said and was gambling candy bar and one was order foodsaver machine foodsaver bags baggies rolling papers smoking related products. 
19 etc ebay and amazon they are going labeled person who possibly saves weed for long term usage highly likely smokes said weed and isnt afraid tie their legal name such actions. 
19 your most definitely going put list. 
19 this person also isnt very big threat because they dont seem like they are distributing said weed and are stupid enough lead the trail. 
19 but thats only they dont know your other fingerprints which they most likely. 
19 all leave trail one way another. 
19 the best thing can try deminish that trail. 
19 can try our best but feel keep going the same train currently are doesnt look positive. 
19 some things person can stretch the trail making more difficult track crumbs metadata fingerprints using anonymous. 
19 why anonymous there said three letter agency really wanted track those crumbs they most definitely have the means manpower and money find those crumbs leading back you. 
19 few key factors that most likely wont put you their shit list are not tie your legit legal name illegal activities things that invlolve illegal acitivies not open discuss those illegal activities with others real life and especially online become the lurkness monster and try your best stay away from people that openly partake discuss illegal activities. 
19 you feel like the past you might fit one all these criteria its sad say have shit list winner. 
19 the most successful vendors buyers stay below the radar and dont want attention. 
19 hopefully the shitbarometer broken and there wont shitpocalipse but only time will tell. 
20 posted this reply the shipping forum but seemed fit nicely here. 
20 would love get discussion going this topic thanks. 
20 its highly probable and somewhat documented that all lettered agency are using all the information they can gather make risk assesments all people world wide. 
20 all create fingerprints online. 
20 even when were offline our fingerprints are still there. 
20 very difficult mask them and can rarely prevent them. 
20 they are made every single click time between task click scroll etc words you type how you type them and where you type them. 
20 imagine like event log every little tedious detail form fingerprint. 
20 using that information lets them unmask you and reveal your anonymous self. 
20 people think creating different nyms usernames online and hiding behind each different one allows you become new person. 
20 just like real life our fingerprints tell our true identity and theyve very hard remove. 
20 they are moving towards future where its rather hard hide ones fingerprints ipv. 
20 that being said and was gambling candy bar and one was order foodsaver machine foodsaver bags baggies rolling papers smoking related products. 
20 etc ebay and amazon they are going labeled person who possibly saves weed for long term usage highly likely smokes said weed and isnt afraid tie their legal name such actions. 
20 your most definitely going put list. 
20 this person also isnt very big threat because they dont seem like they are distributing said weed and are stupid enough lead the trail. 
20 but thats only they dont know your other fingerprints which they most likely. 
20 all leave trail one way another. 
20 the best thing can try deminish that trail. 
20 can try our best but feel keep going the same train currently are doesnt look positive. 
20 some things person can stretch the trail making more difficult track crumbs metadata fingerprints using anonymous. 
20 why anonymous there said three letter agency really wanted track those crumbs they most definitely have the means manpower and money find those crumbs leading back you. 
20 few key factors that most likely wont put you their shit list are not tie your legit legal name illegal activities things that invlolve illegal acitivies not open discuss those illegal activities with others real life and especially online become the lurkness monster and try your best stay away from people that openly partake discuss illegal activities. 
20 you feel like the past you might fit one all these criteria its sad say have shit list winner. 
20 the most successful vendors buyers stay below the radar and dont want attention. 
20 hopefully the shitbarometer broken and there wont shitpocalipse but only time will tell. 
21 have done trade with senior member bitcointalk using greendot moneypak and escrow. 
21 his repuatation and general demeanor made trust him and the trade was successful. 
21 will moneypak trades bitstamp rate for btc. 
21 better deal than lbc any day. 
21 also looking into cash the mail options well. 
21 want help keep our btc world seperate from our drug world wont posting his contact details publicly for the info youre interested and please dont post publicly. 
21 not saying trust this guy with thousands dollars saying trusted him with few hundred and worked out fine. 
21 proceed your own risk. 
21 also offers fee free escrow service but that kind moot point the trade with him. 
21 would trust him with more for next trade but proceed your own risk. 
21 for what its worth seems like pretty established btc trader and think his coins are freshly mined well. 
22 from moreau april pmquote from april amquote from moreau april pmquote from april amgame against moreau. 
23 from moreau april amquote from april amquote from moreau april pmquote from april amquote from moreau april pmquote from april amgame against moreau. 
24 posted this reply the shipping forum but seemed fit nicely here. 
24 would love get discussion going this topic thanks. 
24 its highly probable and somewhat documented that all lettered agency are using all the information they can gather make risk assesments all people world wide. 
24 all create fingerprints online. 
24 even when were offline our fingerprints are still there. 
24 very difficult mask them and can rarely prevent them. 
24 they are made every single click time between task click scroll etc words you type how you type them and where you type them. 
24 imagine like event log every little tedious detail form fingerprint. 
24 using that information lets them unmask you and reveal your anonymous self. 
24 people think creating different nyms usernames online and hiding behind each different one allows you become new person. 
24 just like real life our fingerprints tell our true identity and theyve very hard remove. 
24 they are moving towards future where its rather hard hide ones fingerprints ipv. 
24 that being said and was gambling candy bar and one was order foodsaver machine foodsaver bags baggies rolling papers smoking related products. 
24 etc ebay and amazon they are going labeled person who possibly saves weed for long term usage highly likely smokes said weed and isnt afraid tie their legal name such actions. 
24 your most definitely going put list. 
24 this person also isnt very big threat because they dont seem like they are distributing said weed and are stupid enough lead the trail. 
24 but thats only they dont know your other fingerprints which they most likely. 
24 all leave trail one way another. 
24 the best thing can try deminish that trail. 
24 can try our best but feel keep going the same train currently are doesnt look positive. 
24 some things person can stretch the trail making more difficult track crumbs metadata fingerprints using anonymous. 
24 why anonymous there said three letter agency really wanted track those crumbs they most definitely have the means manpower and money find those crumbs leading back you. 
24 few key factors that most likely wont put you their shit list are not tie your legit legal name illegal activities things that invlolve illegal acitivies not open discuss those illegal activities with others real life and especially online become the lurkness monster and try your best stay away from people that openly partake discuss illegal activities. 
24 you feel like the past you might fit one all these criteria its sad say have shit list winner. 
24 the most successful vendors buyers stay below the radar and dont want attention. 
24 hopefully the shitbarometer broken and there wont shitpocalipse but only time will tell. 
25 from playground april pmhello siblings what would like some encryption facility that can load onto usb key that will give access encrypted files encrypted vault files that will work equally well plug into windows machine linux machine. 
25 presume this will program guess will need have twoversions one that executes from usb key windows and one thatexecutes from usb key ubuntu. 
25 both versions linux and windows need looking the same set encrypted files vault files. 
25 that have access these files whether using linux machine windows machine. 
25 anyone knows such program please let know. 
25 three additional related questions. 
25 does bootable linux. 
25 held usb stick boot normally when you plug into windows machine. 
25 vice versa does bootable windows. 
25 held usb stick boot upnormally when you plug into linux machine. 
25 are you guys formatting your usb drives fat thanks for your help. 
25 have nice day. 
25 and happy playgroundyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
25 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
26 from owockeznan april pmthere are many different things that you could use possibly satisfy this requirement. 
26 perhaps the easiest would simply zip file that has been password protected. 
26 course ive never done audit nor seen one the codebase ensure that the crypto that system doesnt have any implentation bugs. 
26 there are many other functionally similar methods doing the same thing. 
26 this would the encrypted tarball approach. 
26 the second approach would mount the file actual disk. 
26 this has the advantage being easy work with looks and feels just like native volume. 
26 there are few contenders that have both nix and windows compatabality this domain. 
26 the two ones that come mind are truecrypt and luks dmcrypt there are others well. 
26 org wiki comparison disk encryption software but dont think nearly much effort has been put into the review those. 
26 some very useful suggestions. 
26 thank you eznan have nice day. 
27 glad see this being discussed. 
27 most walk around with very powerful microphone. 
27 tech researchers were able detect keystrokes based vibrations from the accelerometer few years ago. 
27 these are only most modern touch screen phones. 
27 their originally used detect the orientation the phone flip the screen automatically orientation gps and some games. 
27 this application pickup vibrations limited when the phone the same surface the keyboard. 
27 three letter agencies wouldnt sink much money into this but. 
27 this new application using the microphone decifer keystrokes huge step towards supreme mass surveilance. 
27 they could theoretically sample all the keyboards the world which wouldnt far fetched since most brands feel sound very similar. 
27 they wouldnt even have exact with the words. 
27 most you guys have seen taht eamil wehre letres dnot hvae correct order understand them. 
27 very negative development indeed. 
27 all phones pickup more sound than one hears via the speaker phones. 
27 the more advanced phones seem pickup subtantial amount sound from the microphones compared older models. 
27 how many you guys have phone rather close proximity your computer cellphone landline most people can test whether not your are vulnerable these types surveilance. 
27 using voice recording app thats available most modern phones would one way make dummy phone call with another phone. 
27 building buying faraday enclosure google for ones cell phone can make sure they arent able monitor your keystrokes. 
27 unless they were amazing and able record offline keystrokes well. 
27 person would have rather high their shit list receive that kind treatment though. 
27 totally possible though. 
28 from zaphod april amyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
28 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
28 net zaphod thanks zaphod thats well timed suggestion. 
28 decided try loading gpg usb onto usb key. 
28 comes with executables for both windows and linux. 
28 however one the things you cant get via the gpg usb front end symmetric encryption. 
28 your suggestion useful one. 
28 have nice day. 
28 playground postscript alas ccrypt doesnt symmetric encryption. 
29 from playground april amquote from zaphod april amyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
29 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
29 net zaphod thanks zaphod thats well timed suggestion. 
29 decided try loading gpg usb onto usb key. 
29 comes with executables for both windows and linux. 
29 however one the things you cant get via the gpg usb front end symmetric encryption. 
29 your suggestion useful one. 
29 have nice day. 
29 playground postscript alas ccrypt doesnt symmetric encryption. 
29 what else rinjael aes not symmetric encryption this software doesnt use public key encryption. 
29 asymmetric encryption therefore must use symmetric encryption has one the other. 
29 the author states his site. 
29 unlike unix crypt the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric. 
29 one must specify whether encrypt decrypt. 
29 that how using the word symmetric this particular case has nothing with symmetric versus asymmetric encryption. 
29 with ccrypt you have specify whether encrypt decrypt from the command line. 
29 ccrypt encrypt ccrypt decrypt. 
29 aside you can also use the brave option just type passphrase once you use the command ccrypt. 
29 txt you can type randomly the keyboard the files will encrypted with random password that you not know. 
29 this very useful technique use scramble data prior wiping. 
29 once encrypted you cannot decrypt the files you not know the password used encrypt them you cannot coerced decrypt the files. 
30 experience with bsm support that they are thorough and reliable. 
30 its not lightning quick but ive always had resolution questions answered within days. 
31 hello you are looking for alternative then you can use our tumbler service. 
31 view more here. 
32 you want the name btc trader bitcointalk. 
32 org the main hub info for btc. 
32 will greendot moneypak codes for btc bitstamp rate cash btc. 
32 dont talk about darknet stuff with him all youre doing buying btc. 
32 you can buy moneypak most grocery and convience stores. 
32 make sure you get the reload card not the debit card looks like phone card. 
32 trusted him with couple hundred dollars and went fine hes senior member and has good trust rating. 
32 could still rip you off though proceed with caution. 
33 from landojack april pmto add tts post. 
33 one can also purchase through local bitcoins with cash via online methods. 
33 look for listings that offer cash deposit certain bank branches. 
33 these require you the bank branch choice and fill out out state deposit slip you fill this form out and give the cash the teller and they deposit into the account the btc seller. 
33 your btcs are then released you. 
33 you dont even have member the bank bank america has always been very fast and hassle free. 
33 also with this method you usually arent charged ridiculous price for your cryptocurrency. 
33 just remember tumble your coins intermediate wallet before using them purchase from vendor. 
33 info accessed through tor allows for the quick creation wallet that can used tumble the coins. 
33 this the easiest way long its. 
33 its been long since have needed buy btc had forgotten the best ways. 
33 the only caveat you are def putting your face camera and one that will little better quality and longer kept records than cvs. 
34 from zaphod april amyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
34 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
34 net zaphod thanks zaphod thats well timed suggestion. 
34 decided try loading gpg usb onto usb key. 
34 comes with executables for both windows and linux. 
34 however one the things you cant get via the gpg usb front end symmetric encryption. 
34 your suggestion useful one. 
34 have nice day. 
34 playground postscript alas ccrypt doesnt symmetric encryption. 
35 from playground april pmhello siblings what would like some encryption facility that can load onto usb key that will give access encrypted files encrypted vault files that will work equally well plug into windows machine linux machine. 
35 presume this will program guess will need have twoversions one that executes from usb key windows and one thatexecutes from usb key ubuntu. 
35 both versions linux and windows need looking the same set encrypted files vault files. 
35 that have access these files whether using linux machine windows machine. 
35 anyone knows such program please let know. 
35 three additional related questions. 
35 does bootable linux. 
35 held usb stick boot normally when you plug into windows machine. 
35 vice versa does bootable windows. 
35 held usb stick boot upnormally when you plug into linux machine. 
35 are you guys formatting your usb drives fat thanks for your help. 
35 have nice day. 
35 and happy playgroundyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
35 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
36 from owockeznan april pmthere are many different things that you could use possibly satisfy this requirement. 
36 perhaps the easiest would simply zip file that has been password protected. 
36 course ive never done audit nor seen one the codebase ensure that the crypto that system doesnt have any implentation bugs. 
36 there are many other functionally similar methods doing the same thing. 
36 this would the encrypted tarball approach. 
36 the second approach would mount the file actual disk. 
36 this has the advantage being easy work with looks and feels just like native volume. 
36 there are few contenders that have both nix and windows compatabality this domain. 
36 the two ones that come mind are truecrypt and luks dmcrypt there are others well. 
36 org wiki comparison disk encryption software but dont think nearly much effort has been put into the review those. 
36 some very useful suggestions. 
36 thank you eznan have nice day. 
37 from playground april amquote from zaphod april amyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
37 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
37 net zaphod thanks zaphod thats well timed suggestion. 
37 decided try loading gpg usb onto usb key. 
37 comes with executables for both windows and linux. 
37 however one the things you cant get via the gpg usb front end symmetric encryption. 
37 your suggestion useful one. 
37 have nice day. 
37 playground postscript alas ccrypt doesnt symmetric encryption. 
37 what else rinjael aes not symmetric encryption this software doesnt use public key encryption. 
37 asymmetric encryption therefore must use symmetric encryption has one the other. 
37 the author states his site. 
37 unlike unix crypt the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric. 
37 one must specify whether encrypt decrypt. 
37 that how using the word symmetric this particular case has nothing with symmetric versus asymmetric encryption. 
37 with ccrypt you have specify whether encrypt decrypt from the command line. 
37 ccrypt encrypt ccrypt decrypt. 
37 aside you can also use the brave option just type passphrase once you use the command ccrypt. 
37 txt you can type randomly the keyboard the files will encrypted with random password that you not know. 
37 this very useful technique use scramble data prior wiping. 
37 once encrypted you cannot decrypt the files you not know the password used encrypt them you cannot coerced decrypt the files. 
38 glad see this being discussed. 
38 most walk around with very powerful microphone. 
38 tech researchers were able detect keystrokes based vibrations from the accelerometer few years ago. 
38 these are only most modern touch screen phones. 
38 their originally used detect the orientation the phone flip the screen automatically orientation gps and some games. 
38 this application pickup vibrations limited when the phone the same surface the keyboard. 
38 three letter agencies wouldnt sink much money into this but. 
38 this new application using the microphone decifer keystrokes huge step towards supreme mass surveilance. 
38 they could theoretically sample all the keyboards the world which wouldnt far fetched since most brands feel sound very similar. 
38 they wouldnt even have exact with the words. 
38 most you guys have seen taht eamil wehre letres dnot hvae correct order understand them. 
38 very negative development indeed. 
38 all phones pickup more sound than one hears via the speaker phones. 
38 the more advanced phones seem pickup subtantial amount sound from the microphones compared older models. 
38 how many you guys have phone rather close proximity your computer cellphone landline most people can test whether not your are vulnerable these types surveilance. 
38 using voice recording app thats available most modern phones would one way make dummy phone call with another phone. 
38 building buying faraday enclosure google for ones cell phone can make sure they arent able monitor your keystrokes. 
38 unless they were amazing and able record offline keystrokes well. 
38 person would have rather high their shit list receive that kind treatment though. 
38 totally possible though. 
39 from landojack april pmto add tts post. 
39 one can also purchase through local bitcoins with cash via online methods. 
39 look for listings that offer cash deposit certain bank branches. 
39 these require you the bank branch choice and fill out out state deposit slip you fill this form out and give the cash the teller and they deposit into the account the btc seller. 
39 your btcs are then released you. 
39 you dont even have member the bank bank america has always been very fast and hassle free. 
39 also with this method you usually arent charged ridiculous price for your cryptocurrency. 
39 just remember tumble your coins intermediate wallet before using them purchase from vendor. 
39 info accessed through tor allows for the quick creation wallet that can used tumble the coins. 
39 this the easiest way long its. 
39 its been long since have needed buy btc had forgotten the best ways. 
39 the only caveat you are def putting your face camera and one that will little better quality and longer kept records than cvs. 
40 you want the name btc trader bitcointalk. 
40 org the main hub info for btc. 
40 will greendot moneypak codes for btc bitstamp rate cash btc. 
40 dont talk about darknet stuff with him all youre doing buying btc. 
40 you can buy moneypak most grocery and convience stores. 
40 make sure you get the reload card not the debit card looks like phone card. 
40 trusted him with couple hundred dollars and went fine hes senior member and has good trust rating. 
40 could still rip you off though proceed with caution. 
41 from playground april pmhello siblings what would like some encryption facility that can load onto usb key that will give access encrypted files encrypted vault files that will work equally well plug into windows machine linux machine. 
41 presume this will program guess will need have twoversions one that executes from usb key windows and one thatexecutes from usb key ubuntu. 
41 both versions linux and windows need looking the same set encrypted files vault files. 
41 that have access these files whether using linux machine windows machine. 
41 anyone knows such program please let know. 
41 three additional related questions. 
41 does bootable linux. 
41 held usb stick boot normally when you plug into windows machine. 
41 vice versa does bootable windows. 
41 held usb stick boot upnormally when you plug into linux machine. 
41 are you guys formatting your usb drives fat thanks for your help. 
41 have nice day. 
41 and happy playgroundyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
41 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
42 from owockeznan april pmthere are many different things that you could use possibly satisfy this requirement. 
42 perhaps the easiest would simply zip file that has been password protected. 
42 course ive never done audit nor seen one the codebase ensure that the crypto that system doesnt have any implentation bugs. 
42 there are many other functionally similar methods doing the same thing. 
42 this would the encrypted tarball approach. 
42 the second approach would mount the file actual disk. 
42 this has the advantage being easy work with looks and feels just like native volume. 
42 there are few contenders that have both nix and windows compatabality this domain. 
42 the two ones that come mind are truecrypt and luks dmcrypt there are others well. 
42 org wiki comparison disk encryption software but dont think nearly much effort has been put into the review those. 
42 some very useful suggestions. 
42 thank you eznan have nice day. 
43 from zaphod april amyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
43 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
43 net zaphod thanks zaphod thats well timed suggestion. 
43 decided try loading gpg usb onto usb key. 
43 comes with executables for both windows and linux. 
43 however one the things you cant get via the gpg usb front end symmetric encryption. 
43 your suggestion useful one. 
43 have nice day. 
43 playground postscript alas ccrypt doesnt symmetric encryption. 
44 from playground april amquote from zaphod april amyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
44 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
44 net zaphod thanks zaphod thats well timed suggestion. 
44 decided try loading gpg usb onto usb key. 
44 comes with executables for both windows and linux. 
44 however one the things you cant get via the gpg usb front end symmetric encryption. 
44 your suggestion useful one. 
44 have nice day. 
44 playground postscript alas ccrypt doesnt symmetric encryption. 
44 what else rinjael aes not symmetric encryption this software doesnt use public key encryption. 
44 asymmetric encryption therefore must use symmetric encryption has one the other. 
44 the author states his site. 
44 unlike unix crypt the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric. 
44 one must specify whether encrypt decrypt. 
44 that how using the word symmetric this particular case has nothing with symmetric versus asymmetric encryption. 
44 with ccrypt you have specify whether encrypt decrypt from the command line. 
44 ccrypt encrypt ccrypt decrypt. 
44 aside you can also use the brave option just type passphrase once you use the command ccrypt. 
44 txt you can type randomly the keyboard the files will encrypted with random password that you not know. 
44 this very useful technique use scramble data prior wiping. 
44 once encrypted you cannot decrypt the files you not know the password used encrypt them you cannot coerced decrypt the files. 
45 from moreau april amquote from april amquote from moreau april pmquote from april amquote from moreau april pmquote from april amgame against moreau. 
46 from moreau april pmquote from april amquote from moreau april pmquote from april amgame against moreau. 
47 hello added new game our gambling center called rock scissor paper. 
47 with this game give everyone chance play against other users vendors. 
47 not take any fee for this game. 
47 how does work user create game and send the given url other user can shared this forum user select rock scissor paper. 
47 the game creator selected rock and you paper then you won. 
47 how create game the gambling page. 
47 click the rock scissor paper image right one select rock scissor paper. 
47 enter the amount bitcoins you want play with. 
47 share with everyone the given url. 
47 table with active games can found the gambling center. 
47 you want view games logs delete your active games then you can your account panel. 
47 deleting game will only give you refund greetings. 
48 have done trade with senior member bitcointalk using greendot moneypak and escrow. 
48 his repuatation and general demeanor made trust him and the trade was successful. 
48 will moneypak trades bitstamp rate for btc. 
48 better deal than lbc any day. 
48 also looking into cash the mail options well. 
48 want help keep our btc world seperate from our drug world won't posting his contact details publicly for the info you're interested and please don't post publicly. 
48 i'm not saying trust this guy with thousands dollars i'm saying trusted him with few hundred and worked out fine. 
48 proceed your own risk. 
48 also offers fee free escrow service but that kind moot point the trade with him. 
48 would trust him with more for next trade but proceed your own risk. 
48 for what its worth seems like pretty established btc trader and think his coins are freshly mined well. 
49 from landojack april pmto add tt's post. 
49 one can also purchase through local bitcoins with cash via online methods. 
49 look for listings that offer cash deposit certain bank branches. 
49 these require you the bank branch choice and fill out out state deposit slip you fill this form out and give the cash the teller and they deposit into the account the btc seller. 
49 your btc's are then released you. 
49 you don't even have member the bank bank america has always been very fast and hassle free. 
49 also with this method you usually aren't charged ridiculous price for your cryptocurrency. 
49 just remember tumble your coins intermediate wallet before using them purchase from vendor. 
49 info accessed through tor allows for the quick creation wallet that can used tumble the coins. 
49 this the easiest way long it's. 
49 it's been long since have needed buy btc had forgotten the best ways. 
49 the only caveat you are def putting your face camera and one that will little better quality and longer kept records than cvs. 
50 you want the name btc trader bitcointalk. 
50 org the main hub info for btc. 
50 will greendot moneypak codes for btc bitstamp rate cash btc. 
50 don't talk about darknet stuff with him all you're doing buying btc. 
50 you can buy moneypak most grocery and convience stores. 
50 make sure you get the reload card not the debit card looks like phone card. 
50 trusted him with couple hundred dollars and went fine he's senior member and has good trust rating. 
50 could still rip you off though proceed with caution. 
51 from moreau april amquote from april amquote from moreau april pmquote from april amquote from moreau april pmquote from april amgame against moreau. 
52 thank you guys for the response and sure the question sounded stupid. 
52 very new and reading much can. 
52 obviously need learn bit more before any further. 
52 once again thank you for the great advice. 
53 from moreau april pmquote from april amquote from moreau april pmquote from april amgame against moreau. 
54 posted this reply the shipping forum but seemed fit nicely here. 
54 would love get discussion going this topic thanks. 
54 its highly probable and somewhat documented that all lettered agency are using all the information they can gather make risk assesments all people world wide. 
54 all create fingerprints online. 
54 even when were offline our fingerprints are still there. 
54 very difficult mask them and can rarely prevent them. 
54 they are made every single click time between task click scroll etc words you type how you type them and where you type them. 
54 imagine like event log every little tedious detail form fingerprint. 
54 using that information lets them unmask you and reveal your anonymous self. 
54 people think creating different nyms usernames online and hiding behind each different one allows you become new person. 
54 just like real life our fingerprints tell our true identity and theyve very hard remove. 
54 they are moving towards future where its rather hard hide ones fingerprints ipv. 
54 that being said and was gambling candy bar and one was order foodsaver machine foodsaver bags baggies rolling papers smoking related products. 
54 etc ebay and amazon they are going labeled person who possibly saves weed for long term usage highly likely smokes said weed and isnt afraid tie their legal name such actions. 
54 your most definitely going put list. 
54 this person also isnt very big threat because they dont seem like they are distributing said weed and are stupid enough lead the trail. 
54 but thats only they dont know your other fingerprints which they most likely. 
54 all leave trail one way another. 
54 the best thing can try deminish that trail. 
54 can try our best but feel keep going the same train currently are doesnt look positive. 
54 some things person can stretch the trail making more difficult track crumbs metadata fingerprints using anonymous. 
54 why anonymous there said three letter agency really wanted track those crumbs they most definitely have the means manpower and money find those crumbs leading back you. 
54 few key factors that most likely wont put you their shit list are not tie your legit legal name illegal activities things that invlolve illegal acitivies not open discuss those illegal activities with others real life and especially online become the lurkness monster and try your best stay away from people that openly partake discuss illegal activities. 
54 you feel like the past you might fit one all these criteria its sad say have shit list winner. 
54 the most successful vendors buyers stay below the radar and dont want attention. 
54 hopefully the shitbarometer broken and there wont shitpocalipse but only time will tell. 
55 from playground april pmhello siblings what would like some encryption facility that can load onto usb key that will give access encrypted files encrypted vault files that will work equally well plug into windows machine linux machine. 
55 presume this will program guess will need have twoversions one that executes from usb key windows and one thatexecutes from usb key ubuntu. 
55 both versions linux and windows need looking the same set encrypted files vault files. 
55 that have access these files whether using linux machine windows machine. 
55 anyone knows such program please let know. 
55 three additional related questions. 
55 does bootable linux. 
55 held usb stick boot normally when you plug into windows machine. 
55 vice versa does bootable windows. 
55 held usb stick boot upnormally when you plug into linux machine. 
55 are you guys formatting your usb drives fat thanks for your help. 
55 have nice day. 
55 and happy playgroundyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
55 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
56 from owockeznan april pmthere are many different things that you could use possibly satisfy this requirement. 
56 perhaps the easiest would simply zip file that has been password protected. 
56 course ive never done audit nor seen one the codebase ensure that the crypto that system doesnt have any implentation bugs. 
56 there are many other functionally similar methods doing the same thing. 
56 this would the encrypted tarball approach. 
56 the second approach would mount the file actual disk. 
56 this has the advantage being easy work with looks and feels just like native volume. 
56 there are few contenders that have both nix and windows compatabality this domain. 
56 the two ones that come mind are truecrypt and luks dmcrypt there are others well. 
56 org wiki comparison disk encryption software but dont think nearly much effort has been put into the review those. 
56 some very useful suggestions. 
56 thank you eznan have nice day. 
57 glad see this being discussed. 
57 most walk around with very powerful microphone. 
57 tech researchers were able detect keystrokes based vibrations from the accelerometer few years ago. 
57 these are only most modern touch screen phones. 
57 their originally used detect the orientation the phone flip the screen automatically orientation gps and some games. 
57 this application pickup vibrations limited when the phone the same surface the keyboard. 
57 three letter agencies wouldnt sink much money into this but. 
57 this new application using the microphone decifer keystrokes huge step towards supreme mass surveilance. 
57 they could theoretically sample all the keyboards the world which wouldnt far fetched since most brands feel sound very similar. 
57 they wouldnt even have exact with the words. 
57 most you guys have seen taht eamil wehre letres dnot hvae correct order understand them. 
57 very negative development indeed. 
57 all phones pickup more sound than one hears via the speaker phones. 
57 the more advanced phones seem pickup subtantial amount sound from the microphones compared older models. 
57 how many you guys have phone rather close proximity your computer cellphone landline most people can test whether not your are vulnerable these types surveilance. 
57 using voice recording app thats available most modern phones would one way make dummy phone call with another phone. 
57 building buying faraday enclosure google for ones cell phone can make sure they arent able monitor your keystrokes. 
57 unless they were amazing and able record offline keystrokes well. 
57 person would have rather high their shit list receive that kind treatment though. 
57 totally possible though. 
58 from zaphod april amyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
58 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
58 net zaphod thanks zaphod thats well timed suggestion. 
58 decided try loading gpg usb onto usb key. 
58 comes with executables for both windows and linux. 
58 however one the things you cant get via the gpg usb front end symmetric encryption. 
58 your suggestion useful one. 
58 have nice day. 
58 playground postscript alas ccrypt doesnt symmetric encryption. 
59 from playground april amquote from zaphod april amyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
59 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
59 net zaphod thanks zaphod thats well timed suggestion. 
59 decided try loading gpg usb onto usb key. 
59 comes with executables for both windows and linux. 
59 however one the things you cant get via the gpg usb front end symmetric encryption. 
59 your suggestion useful one. 
59 have nice day. 
59 playground postscript alas ccrypt doesnt symmetric encryption. 
59 what else rinjael aes not symmetric encryption this software doesnt use public key encryption. 
59 asymmetric encryption therefore must use symmetric encryption has one the other. 
59 the author states his site. 
59 unlike unix crypt the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric. 
59 one must specify whether encrypt decrypt. 
59 that how using the word symmetric this particular case has nothing with symmetric versus asymmetric encryption. 
59 with ccrypt you have specify whether encrypt decrypt from the command line. 
59 ccrypt encrypt ccrypt decrypt. 
59 aside you can also use the brave option just type passphrase once you use the command ccrypt. 
59 txt you can type randomly the keyboard the files will encrypted with random password that you not know. 
59 this very useful technique use scramble data prior wiping. 
59 once encrypted you cannot decrypt the files you not know the password used encrypt them you cannot coerced decrypt the files. 
60 experience with bsm support that they are thorough and reliable. 
60 its not lightning quick but ive always had resolution questions answered within days. 
61 hello you are looking for alternative then you can use our tumbler service. 
61 view more here. 
62 hello added new game our gambling center called rock scissor paper. 
62 with this game give everyone chance play against other users vendors. 
62 not take any fee for this game. 
62 how does work user create game and send the given url other user can shared this forum user select rock scissor paper. 
62 the game creator selected rock and you paper then you won. 
62 how create game the gambling page. 
62 click the rock scissor paper image right one select rock scissor paper. 
62 enter the amount bitcoins you want play with. 
62 share with everyone the given url. 
62 table with active games can found the gambling center. 
62 you want view games logs delete your active games then you can your account panel. 
62 deleting game will only give you refund greetings. 
63 posted this reply the shipping forum but seemed fit nicely here. 
63 would love get discussion going this topic thanks. 
63 its highly probable and somewhat documented that all lettered agency are using all the information they can gather make risk assesments all people world wide. 
63 all create fingerprints online. 
63 even when were offline our fingerprints are still there. 
63 very difficult mask them and can rarely prevent them. 
63 they are made every single click time between task click scroll etc words you type how you type them and where you type them. 
63 imagine like event log every little tedious detail form fingerprint. 
63 using that information lets them unmask you and reveal your anonymous self. 
63 people think creating different nyms usernames online and hiding behind each different one allows you become new person. 
63 just like real life our fingerprints tell our true identity and theyve very hard remove. 
63 they are moving towards future where its rather hard hide ones fingerprints ipv. 
63 that being said and was gambling candy bar and one was order foodsaver machine foodsaver bags baggies rolling papers smoking related products. 
63 etc ebay and amazon they are going labeled person who possibly saves weed for long term usage highly likely smokes said weed and isnt afraid tie their legal name such actions. 
63 your most definitely going put list. 
63 this person also isnt very big threat because they dont seem like they are distributing said weed and are stupid enough lead the trail. 
63 but thats only they dont know your other fingerprints which they most likely. 
63 all leave trail one way another. 
63 the best thing can try deminish that trail. 
63 can try our best but feel keep going the same train currently are doesnt look positive. 
63 some things person can stretch the trail making more difficult track crumbs metadata fingerprints using anonymous. 
63 why anonymous there said three letter agency really wanted track those crumbs they most definitely have the means manpower and money find those crumbs leading back you. 
63 few key factors that most likely wont put you their shit list are not tie your legit legal name illegal activities things that invlolve illegal acitivies not open discuss those illegal activities with others real life and especially online become the lurkness monster and try your best stay away from people that openly partake discuss illegal activities. 
63 you feel like the past you might fit one all these criteria its sad say have shit list winner. 
63 the most successful vendors buyers stay below the radar and dont want attention. 
63 hopefully the shitbarometer broken and there wont shitpocalipse but only time will tell. 
64 from playground april pmhello siblings what would like some encryption facility that can load onto usb key that will give access encrypted files encrypted vault files that will work equally well plug into windows machine linux machine. 
64 presume this will program guess will need have twoversions one that executes from usb key windows and one thatexecutes from usb key ubuntu. 
64 both versions linux and windows need looking the same set encrypted files vault files. 
64 that have access these files whether using linux machine windows machine. 
64 anyone knows such program please let know. 
64 three additional related questions. 
64 does bootable linux. 
64 held usb stick boot normally when you plug into windows machine. 
64 vice versa does bootable windows. 
64 held usb stick boot upnormally when you plug into linux machine. 
64 are you guys formatting your usb drives fat thanks for your help. 
64 have nice day. 
64 and happy playgroundyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
64 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
65 from owockeznan april pmthere are many different things that you could use possibly satisfy this requirement. 
65 perhaps the easiest would simply zip file that has been password protected. 
65 course ive never done audit nor seen one the codebase ensure that the crypto that system doesnt have any implentation bugs. 
65 there are many other functionally similar methods doing the same thing. 
65 this would the encrypted tarball approach. 
65 the second approach would mount the file actual disk. 
65 this has the advantage being easy work with looks and feels just like native volume. 
65 there are few contenders that have both nix and windows compatabality this domain. 
65 the two ones that come mind are truecrypt and luks dmcrypt there are others well. 
65 org wiki comparison disk encryption software but dont think nearly much effort has been put into the review those. 
65 some very useful suggestions. 
65 thank you eznan have nice day. 
66 glad see this being discussed. 
66 most walk around with very powerful microphone. 
66 tech researchers were able detect keystrokes based vibrations from the accelerometer few years ago. 
66 these are only most modern touch screen phones. 
66 their originally used detect the orientation the phone flip the screen automatically orientation gps and some games. 
66 this application pickup vibrations limited when the phone the same surface the keyboard. 
66 three letter agencies wouldnt sink much money into this but. 
66 this new application using the microphone decifer keystrokes huge step towards supreme mass surveilance. 
66 they could theoretically sample all the keyboards the world which wouldnt far fetched since most brands feel sound very similar. 
66 they wouldnt even have exact with the words. 
66 most you guys have seen taht eamil wehre letres dnot hvae correct order understand them. 
66 very negative development indeed. 
66 all phones pickup more sound than one hears via the speaker phones. 
66 the more advanced phones seem pickup subtantial amount sound from the microphones compared older models. 
66 how many you guys have phone rather close proximity your computer cellphone landline most people can test whether not your are vulnerable these types surveilance. 
66 using voice recording app thats available most modern phones would one way make dummy phone call with another phone. 
66 building buying faraday enclosure google for ones cell phone can make sure they arent able monitor your keystrokes. 
66 unless they were amazing and able record offline keystrokes well. 
66 person would have rather high their shit list receive that kind treatment though. 
66 totally possible though. 
67 from zaphod april amyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
67 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
67 net zaphod thanks zaphod thats well timed suggestion. 
67 decided try loading gpg usb onto usb key. 
67 comes with executables for both windows and linux. 
67 however one the things you cant get via the gpg usb front end symmetric encryption. 
67 your suggestion useful one. 
67 have nice day. 
67 playground postscript alas ccrypt doesnt symmetric encryption. 
68 from playground april amquote from zaphod april amyou could always use ccrypt for this this conventionally encrypts files groups files with aes. 
68 executables are available for varietyof platforms including linux and windows. 
68 net zaphod thanks zaphod thats well timed suggestion. 
68 decided try loading gpg usb onto usb key. 
68 comes with executables for both windows and linux. 
68 however one the things you cant get via the gpg usb front end symmetric encryption. 
68 your suggestion useful one. 
68 have nice day. 
68 playground postscript alas ccrypt doesnt symmetric encryption. 
68 what else rinjael aes not symmetric encryption this software doesnt use public key encryption. 
68 asymmetric encryption therefore must use symmetric encryption has one the other. 
68 the author states his site. 
68 unlike unix crypt the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric. 
68 one must specify whether encrypt decrypt. 
68 that how using the word symmetric this particular case has nothing with symmetric versus asymmetric encryption. 
68 with ccrypt you have specify whether encrypt decrypt from the command line. 
68 ccrypt encrypt ccrypt decrypt. 
68 aside you can also use the brave option just type passphrase once you use the command ccrypt. 
68 txt you can type randomly the keyboard the files will encrypted with random password that you not know. 
68 this very useful technique use scramble data prior wiping. 
68 once encrypted you cannot decrypt the files you not know the password used encrypt them you cannot coerced decrypt the files. 
69 experience with bsm support that they are thorough and reliable. 
69 its not lightning quick but ive always had resolution questions answered within days. 
70 hello you are looking for alternative then you can use our tumbler service. 
70 view more here. 
71 hello added new game our gambling center called rock scissor paper. 
71 with this game give everyone chance play against other users vendors. 
71 not take any fee for this game. 
71 how does work user create game and send the given url other user can shared this forum user select rock scissor paper. 
71 the game creator selected rock and you paper then you won. 
71 how create game the gambling page. 
71 click the rock scissor paper image right one select rock scissor paper. 
71 enter the amount bitcoins you want play with. 
71 share with everyone the given url. 
71 table with active games can found the gambling center. 
71 you want view games logs delete your active games then you can your account panel. 
71 deleting game will only give you refund greetings. 
72 from pirate market april you deposit bitcoins blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet from what gather goes from the deposit address randomized number your wallets and then gets paid out minus automatically randomized time one multiple transactions probably based the amount question the requested withdrawal addresses correct. 
73 just want know anyone has used him and hes legit mainly does weed listings. 
74 both market and forum down for. 
75 not only that but theyve also changed url. 
75 whats more localbitcoins down too. 
75 probably just coincidence little worried had btc both and just hate loose them. 
75 havent really keepin date the past couple weeks. 
75 maybe just missing out some stuff. 
75 but yeah just seems little fishy just with what happened silkroad little earlier this year and all. 
76 chill relax and wait. 
76 sure its just too many people using the site dos attack. 
76 bucks doesnt hurt lol but ive got faith agora. 
77 down for the moment. 
78 its back fellas sometimes connection tor can very unpredictable. 
79 usb key place isnt place anyway. 
79 flash based storage writes new blocks stop wear every time block written. 
79 you want encrypt before its written disk. 
80 from ayr april using gpa pgp for windows. 
80 lost public key can someone please explan how can replace find junk gpa. 
80 use gpg usb instead. 
81 from ayr april using gpa pgp for windows. 
81 lost public key can someone please explan how can replace find junk gpa. 
81 use gpg usb instead. 
82 from pirate market april you deposit bitcoins blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet from what gather goes from the deposit address randomized number your wallets and then gets paid out minus automatically randomized time one multiple transactions probably based the amount question the requested withdrawal addresses correct. 
83 just want know anyone has used him and hes legit mainly does weed listings. 
84 its back fellas sometimes connection tor can very unpredictable. 
85 down for the moment. 
86 playground the biggest difference between ccrypt and gpg the way they handle plaintext files. 
86 particular ccrypt encrypts files place whereas gpg does not. 
86 lets assume you are encrypting text file mytext. 
86 you encrypt that file with gpg you will left with the encrypted file mytext. 
86 gpg well the original file mytext. 
86 contrast with ccrypt the original file mytext. 
86 txt transformed into mytext. 
86 txt cpt the original file overwritten with gpg the original file left intact. 
86 depending your point view this may may not good thing. 
86 from the point view file deletion destruction ccrypt has the advantage this regard there only one file wipe opposed two the original and the encrypted file with gpg. 
87 quotewhat else rinjael aes not symmetric encryption this software doesnt use public key encryption. 
87 asymmetric encryption therefore must use symmetric encryption has one the other. 
87 the author states his site. 
87 unlike unix crypt the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric. 
87 one must specify whether encrypt decrypt. 
87 that how using the word symmetric this particular case has nothing with symmetric versus asymmetric encryption. 
87 with ccrypt you have specify whether encrypt decrypt from the command line. 
87 ccrypt encrypt ccrypt decrypt. 
87 beeblebrox you have clearly correctly anticipated read the man page for ccrypt. 
87 which reads follows the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric should have spotted the contradiction between sayingit was not symmetric and saying was using aes. 
87 but didnt quoteas aside you can also use the brave option just type passphrase once you use the command ccrypt. 
87 txt you can type randomly the keyboard the files will encrypted with random password that you not know. 
87 this very useful technique use scramble data prior wiping. 
87 once encrypted you cannot decrypt the files you not know the password used encrypt them you cannot coerced decrypt the files. 
87 now thats interesting. 
87 you could something like the code below toauto destruct data under certain compromised scenarios quotefor file somedir hash deep file ccrypt hash filedonein any event. 
87 discovered that there fully functional gpgexecutable shipped with gpg usb. 
87 actually two one for windowsand one for linux. 
87 this works normally from the command line. 
87 symmetric needs are now met with script which the command gpg symmetric filename thank you for your help beeblebrox have nice day. 
88 welcome evolutionour market has now been open since january. 
88 given the fact that are new our user base has grown exponentially over the past few months. 
88 according the deep dot web. 
88 com are the largest market the darkweb. 
88 that says lot given the fact that evolution frst opened its doors little over months ago. 
88 what makes evolution popular will explain you why. 
88 the purpose evolution provide safe place conduct sales with full functioning automatic escrow system. 
88 the operators evolution are means new onion markets. 
88 they have plenty experience and knowledge with escrow markets. 
88 since they have been running escrow market since june. 
88 the staff are very dedicated making evolution one the best darknet markets existence constantly adding new features and making the appropriate upgrades order make the market more reliable. 
88 the evolution philosophy congruent with that tors free speech and anonymity. 
88 long subject within appropriate boundaries and not explicit. 
88 trolling murder people are free discuss their beliefs and market freely without any discrimination judgement and hindrance staff. 
88 staff not act any biased manner. 
88 there favoritism with vendors and everyone treated equally regardless seniority. 
88 evolution will not even censor competitor market names links. 
88 you not have worry about typing code when mentioning another site. 
88 just believe users have the right discuss they wish. 
88 evolutions community and forums one the features that makes this market truly stand out. 
88 very active with user discussions about products reviews and general talk. 
88 must admit they are funny hell everybody has fun even the staff are very active the fourms not only with regulations but also participate general discussion well. 
88 you will even notice the owners presence the forums just about every day. 
88 they offer true passion when comes customer service. 
88 contact and support issues are always replied promptly and resolved immediately. 
88 especially the scam reports thread. 
88 this someting that the staff take very seriously and act upon immediately. 
88 the staffs continual presence leaves high moral with current members the point that most non staff members are always helping out others manner how staff would handle. 
88 want wrap stating that this truly wonderful community part. 
88 feel free ask any questions you have any comments will gladly respond you. 
88 thank you for taking the time read post. 
88 take care boogie come check out see for yourselves market wdvjq. 
89 just wanted add that case any unexpected downtime occurs here are the links for redirection. 
89 the clearnet site will updated include redirect links. 
89 toin case the clearnet link down here are the other domains try. 
90 from ayr april using gpa pgp for windows. 
90 lost public key can someone please explan how can replace find junk gpa. 
90 use gpg usb instead. 
91 usb key place isnt place anyway. 
91 flash based storage writes new blocks stop wear every time block written. 
91 you want encrypt before its written disk. 
92 not only that but theyve also changed url. 
92 whats more localbitcoins down too. 
92 probably just coincidence little worried had btc both and just hate loose them. 
92 havent really keepin date the past couple weeks. 
92 maybe just missing out some stuff. 
92 but yeah just seems little fishy just with what happened silkroad little earlier this year and all. 
93 chill relax and wait. 
93 sure its just too many people using the site dos attack. 
93 bucks doesnt hurt lol but ive got faith agora. 
94 from pirate market april you deposit bitcoins blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet from what gather goes from the deposit address randomized number your wallets and then gets paid out minus automatically randomized time one multiple transactions probably based the amount question the requested withdrawal addresses correct. 
95 welcome evolutionour market has now been open since january. 
95 given the fact that are new our user base has grown exponentially over the past few months. 
95 according the deep dot web. 
95 com are the largest market the darkweb. 
95 that says lot given the fact that evolution frst opened its doors little over months ago. 
95 what makes evolution popular will explain you why. 
95 the purpose evolution provide safe place conduct sales with full functioning automatic escrow system. 
95 the operators evolution are means new onion markets. 
95 they have plenty experience and knowledge with escrow markets. 
95 since they have been running escrow market since june. 
95 the staff are very dedicated making evolution one the best darknet markets existence constantly adding new features and making the appropriate upgrades order make the market more reliable. 
95 the evolution philosophy congruent with that tors free speech and anonymity. 
95 long subject within appropriate boundaries and not explicit. 
95 trolling murder people are free discuss their beliefs and market freely without any discrimination judgement and hindrance staff. 
95 staff not act any biased manner. 
95 there favoritism with vendors and everyone treated equally regardless seniority. 
95 evolution will not even censor competitor market names links. 
95 you not have worry about typing code when mentioning another site. 
95 just believe users have the right discuss they wish. 
95 evolutions community and forums one the features that makes this market truly stand out. 
95 very active with user discussions about products reviews and general talk. 
95 must admit they are funny hell everybody has fun even the staff are very active the fourms not only with regulations but also participate general discussion well. 
95 you will even notice the owners presence the forums just about every day. 
95 they offer true passion when comes customer service. 
95 contact and support issues are always replied promptly and resolved immediately. 
95 especially the scam reports thread. 
95 this someting that the staff take very seriously and act upon immediately. 
95 the staffs continual presence leaves high moral with current members the point that most non staff members are always helping out others manner how staff would handle. 
95 want wrap stating that this truly wonderful community part. 
95 feel free ask any questions you have any comments will gladly respond you. 
95 thank you for taking the time read post. 
95 take care boogie come check out see for yourselves market wdvjq. 
96 quotewhat else rinjael aes not symmetric encryption this software doesnt use public key encryption. 
96 asymmetric encryption therefore must use symmetric encryption has one the other. 
96 the author states his site. 
96 unlike unix crypt the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric. 
96 one must specify whether encrypt decrypt. 
96 that how using the word symmetric this particular case has nothing with symmetric versus asymmetric encryption. 
96 with ccrypt you have specify whether encrypt decrypt from the command line. 
96 ccrypt encrypt ccrypt decrypt. 
96 beeblebrox you have clearly correctly anticipated read the man page for ccrypt. 
96 which reads follows the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric should have spotted the contradiction between sayingit was not symmetric and saying was using aes. 
96 but didnt quoteas aside you can also use the brave option just type passphrase once you use the command ccrypt. 
96 txt you can type randomly the keyboard the files will encrypted with random password that you not know. 
96 this very useful technique use scramble data prior wiping. 
96 once encrypted you cannot decrypt the files you not know the password used encrypt them you cannot coerced decrypt the files. 
96 now thats interesting. 
96 you could something like the code below toauto destruct data under certain compromised scenarios quotefor file somedir hash deep file ccrypt hash filedonein any event. 
96 discovered that there fully functional gpgexecutable shipped with gpg usb. 
96 actually two one for windowsand one for linux. 
96 this works normally from the command line. 
96 symmetric needs are now met with script which the command gpg symmetric filename thank you for your help beeblebrox have nice day. 
97 playground the biggest difference between ccrypt and gpg the way they handle plaintext files. 
97 particular ccrypt encrypts files place whereas gpg does not. 
97 lets assume you are encrypting text file mytext. 
97 you encrypt that file with gpg you will left with the encrypted file mytext. 
97 gpg well the original file mytext. 
97 contrast with ccrypt the original file mytext. 
97 txt transformed into mytext. 
97 txt cpt the original file overwritten with gpg the original file left intact. 
97 depending your point view this may may not good thing. 
97 from the point view file deletion destruction ccrypt has the advantage this regard there only one file wipe opposed two the original and the encrypted file with gpg. 
98 just wanted add that case any unexpected downtime occurs here are the links for redirection. 
98 the clearnet site will updated include redirect links. 
98 toin case the clearnet link down here are the other domains try. 
99 just wanted add that case any unexpected downtime occurs here are the links for redirection. 
99 the clearnet site will updated include redirect links. 
99 toin case the clearnet link down here are the other domains try. 
100 welcome evolutionour market has now been open since january. 
100 given the fact that are new our user base has grown exponentially over the past few months. 
100 according the deep dot web. 
100 com are the largest market the darkweb. 
100 that says lot given the fact that evolution frst opened its doors little over months ago. 
100 what makes evolution popular will explain you why. 
100 the purpose evolution provide safe place conduct sales with full functioning automatic escrow system. 
100 the operators evolution are means new onion markets. 
100 they have plenty experience and knowledge with escrow markets. 
100 since they have been running escrow market since june. 
100 the staff are very dedicated making evolution one the best darknet markets existence constantly adding new features and making the appropriate upgrades order make the market more reliable. 
100 the evolution philosophy congruent with that tors free speech and anonymity. 
100 long subject within appropriate boundaries and not explicit. 
100 trolling murder people are free discuss their beliefs and market freely without any discrimination judgement and hindrance staff. 
100 staff not act any biased manner. 
100 there favoritism with vendors and everyone treated equally regardless seniority. 
100 evolution will not even censor competitor market names links. 
100 you not have worry about typing code when mentioning another site. 
100 just believe users have the right discuss they wish. 
100 evolutions community and forums one the features that makes this market truly stand out. 
100 very active with user discussions about products reviews and general talk. 
100 must admit they are funny hell everybody has fun even the staff are very active the fourms not only with regulations but also participate general discussion well. 
100 you will even notice the owners presence the forums just about every day. 
100 they offer true passion when comes customer service. 
100 contact and support issues are always replied promptly and resolved immediately. 
100 especially the scam reports thread. 
100 this someting that the staff take very seriously and act upon immediately. 
100 the staffs continual presence leaves high moral with current members the point that most non staff members are always helping out others manner how staff would handle. 
100 want wrap stating that this truly wonderful community part. 
100 feel free ask any questions you have any comments will gladly respond you. 
100 thank you for taking the time read post. 
100 take care boogie come check out see for yourselves market wdvjq. 
101 quotewhat else rinjael aes not symmetric encryption this software doesnt use public key encryption. 
101 asymmetric encryption therefore must use symmetric encryption has one the other. 
101 the author states his site. 
101 unlike unix crypt the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric. 
101 one must specify whether encrypt decrypt. 
101 that how using the word symmetric this particular case has nothing with symmetric versus asymmetric encryption. 
101 with ccrypt you have specify whether encrypt decrypt from the command line. 
101 ccrypt encrypt ccrypt decrypt. 
101 beeblebrox you have clearly correctly anticipated read the man page for ccrypt. 
101 which reads follows the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric should have spotted the contradiction between sayingit was not symmetric and saying was using aes. 
101 but didnt quoteas aside you can also use the brave option just type passphrase once you use the command ccrypt. 
101 txt you can type randomly the keyboard the files will encrypted with random password that you not know. 
101 this very useful technique use scramble data prior wiping. 
101 once encrypted you cannot decrypt the files you not know the password used encrypt them you cannot coerced decrypt the files. 
101 now thats interesting. 
101 you could something like the code below toauto destruct data under certain compromised scenarios quotefor file somedir hash deep file ccrypt hash filedonein any event. 
101 discovered that there fully functional gpgexecutable shipped with gpg usb. 
101 actually two one for windowsand one for linux. 
101 this works normally from the command line. 
101 symmetric needs are now met with script which the command gpg symmetric filename thank you for your help beeblebrox have nice day. 
102 playground the biggest difference between ccrypt and gpg the way they handle plaintext files. 
102 particular ccrypt encrypts files place whereas gpg does not. 
102 lets assume you are encrypting text file mytext. 
102 you encrypt that file with gpg you will left with the encrypted file mytext. 
102 gpg well the original file mytext. 
102 contrast with ccrypt the original file mytext. 
102 txt transformed into mytext. 
102 txt cpt the original file overwritten with gpg the original file left intact. 
102 depending your point view this may may not good thing. 
102 from the point view file deletion destruction ccrypt has the advantage this regard there only one file wipe opposed two the original and the encrypted file with gpg. 
103 from pirate market april you deposit bitcoins blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet from what gather goes from the deposit address randomized number your wallets and then gets paid out minus automatically randomized time one multiple transactions probably based the amount question the requested withdrawal addresses correct. 
104 just want know anyone has used him and hes legit mainly does weed listings. 
105 both market and forum down for. 
106 from pirate market april you deposit bitcoins blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet from what gather goes from the deposit address randomized number your wallets and then gets paid out minus automatically randomized time one multiple transactions probably based the amount question the requested withdrawal addresses correct. 
107 its back fellas sometimes connection tor can very unpredictable. 
108 down for the moment. 
109 playground the biggest difference between ccrypt and gpg the way they handle plaintext files. 
109 particular ccrypt encrypts files place whereas gpg does not. 
109 lets assume you are encrypting text file mytext. 
109 you encrypt that file with gpg you will left with the encrypted file mytext. 
109 gpg well the original file mytext. 
109 contrast with ccrypt the original file mytext. 
109 txt transformed into mytext. 
109 txt cpt the original file overwritten with gpg the original file left intact. 
109 depending your point view this may may not good thing. 
109 from the point view file deletion destruction ccrypt has the advantage this regard there only one file wipe opposed two the original and the encrypted file with gpg. 
110 quotewhat else rinjael aes not symmetric encryption this software doesnt use public key encryption. 
110 asymmetric encryption therefore must use symmetric encryption has one the other. 
110 the author states his site. 
110 unlike unix crypt the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric. 
110 one must specify whether encrypt decrypt. 
110 that how using the word symmetric this particular case has nothing with symmetric versus asymmetric encryption. 
110 with ccrypt you have specify whether encrypt decrypt from the command line. 
110 ccrypt encrypt ccrypt decrypt. 
110 beeblebrox you have clearly correctly anticipated read the man page for ccrypt. 
110 which reads follows the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric should have spotted the contradiction between sayingit was not symmetric and saying was using aes. 
110 but didnt quoteas aside you can also use the brave option just type passphrase once you use the command ccrypt. 
110 txt you can type randomly the keyboard the files will encrypted with random password that you not know. 
110 this very useful technique use scramble data prior wiping. 
110 once encrypted you cannot decrypt the files you not know the password used encrypt them you cannot coerced decrypt the files. 
110 now thats interesting. 
110 you could something like the code below toauto destruct data under certain compromised scenarios quotefor file somedir hash deep file ccrypt hash filedonein any event. 
110 discovered that there fully functional gpgexecutable shipped with gpg usb. 
110 actually two one for windowsand one for linux. 
110 this works normally from the command line. 
110 symmetric needs are now met with script which the command gpg symmetric filename thank you for your help beeblebrox have nice day. 
111 welcome evolutionour market has now been open since january. 
111 given the fact that are new our user base has grown exponentially over the past few months. 
111 according the deep dot web. 
111 com are the largest market the darkweb. 
111 that says lot given the fact that evolution frst opened its doors little over months ago. 
111 what makes evolution popular will explain you why. 
111 the purpose evolution provide safe place conduct sales with full functioning automatic escrow system. 
111 the operators evolution are means new onion markets. 
111 they have plenty experience and knowledge with escrow markets. 
111 since they have been running escrow market since june. 
111 the staff are very dedicated making evolution one the best darknet markets existence constantly adding new features and making the appropriate upgrades order make the market more reliable. 
111 the evolution philosophy congruent with that tors free speech and anonymity. 
111 long subject within appropriate boundaries and not explicit. 
111 trolling murder people are free discuss their beliefs and market freely without any discrimination judgement and hindrance staff. 
111 staff not act any biased manner. 
111 there favoritism with vendors and everyone treated equally regardless seniority. 
111 evolution will not even censor competitor market names links. 
111 you not have worry about typing code when mentioning another site. 
111 just believe users have the right discuss they wish. 
111 evolutions community and forums one the features that makes this market truly stand out. 
111 very active with user discussions about products reviews and general talk. 
111 must admit they are funny hell everybody has fun even the staff are very active the fourms not only with regulations but also participate general discussion well. 
111 you will even notice the owners presence the forums just about every day. 
111 they offer true passion when comes customer service. 
111 contact and support issues are always replied promptly and resolved immediately. 
111 especially the scam reports thread. 
111 this someting that the staff take very seriously and act upon immediately. 
111 the staffs continual presence leaves high moral with current members the point that most non staff members are always helping out others manner how staff would handle. 
111 want wrap stating that this truly wonderful community part. 
111 feel free ask any questions you have any comments will gladly respond you. 
111 thank you for taking the time read post. 
111 take care boogie come check out see for yourselves market wdvjq. 
112 just wanted add that case any unexpected downtime occurs here are the links for redirection. 
112 the clearnet site will updated include redirect links. 
112 toin case the clearnet link down here are the other domains try. 
113 from ayr april using gpa pgp for windows. 
113 lost public key can someone please explan how can replace find junk gpa. 
113 use gpg usb instead. 
114 usb key place isnt place anyway. 
114 flash based storage writes new blocks stop wear every time block written. 
114 you want encrypt before its written disk. 
115 not only that but theyve also changed url. 
115 whats more localbitcoins down too. 
115 probably just coincidence little worried had btc both and just hate loose them. 
115 havent really keepin date the past couple weeks. 
115 maybe just missing out some stuff. 
115 but yeah just seems little fishy just with what happened silkroad little earlier this year and all. 
116 chill relax and wait. 
116 sure its just too many people using the site dos attack. 
116 bucks doesnt hurt lol but ive got faith agora. 
117 from pirate market april you deposit bitcoins blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet from what gather goes from the deposit address randomized number your wallets and then gets paid out minus automatically randomized time one multiple transactions probably based the amount question the requested withdrawal addresses correct. 
118 just want know anyone has used him and hes legit mainly does weed listings. 
119 playground the biggest difference between ccrypt and gpg the way they handle plaintext files. 
119 particular ccrypt encrypts files place whereas gpg does not. 
119 lets assume you are encrypting text file mytext. 
119 you encrypt that file with gpg you will left with the encrypted file mytext. 
119 gpg well the original file mytext. 
119 contrast with ccrypt the original file mytext. 
119 txt transformed into mytext. 
119 txt cpt the original file overwritten with gpg the original file left intact. 
119 depending your point view this may may not good thing. 
119 from the point view file deletion destruction ccrypt has the advantage this regard there only one file wipe opposed two the original and the encrypted file with gpg. 
120 quotewhat else rinjael aes not symmetric encryption this software doesnt use public key encryption. 
120 asymmetric encryption therefore must use symmetric encryption has one the other. 
120 the author states his site. 
120 unlike unix crypt the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric. 
120 one must specify whether encrypt decrypt. 
120 that how using the word symmetric this particular case has nothing with symmetric versus asymmetric encryption. 
120 with ccrypt you have specify whether encrypt decrypt from the command line. 
120 ccrypt encrypt ccrypt decrypt. 
120 beeblebrox you have clearly correctly anticipated read the man page for ccrypt. 
120 which reads follows the algorithm provided ccrypt not symmetric should have spotted the contradiction between sayingit was not symmetric and saying was using aes. 
120 but didnt quoteas aside you can also use the brave option just type passphrase once you use the command ccrypt. 
120 txt you can type randomly the keyboard the files will encrypted with random password that you not know. 
120 this very useful technique use scramble data prior wiping. 
120 once encrypted you cannot decrypt the files you not know the password used encrypt them you cannot coerced decrypt the files. 
120 now thats interesting. 
120 you could something like the code below toauto destruct data under certain compromised scenarios quotefor file somedir hash deep file ccrypt hash filedonein any event. 
120 discovered that there fully functional gpgexecutable shipped with gpg usb. 
120 actually two one for windowsand one for linux. 
120 this works normally from the command line. 
120 symmetric needs are now met with script which the command gpg symmetric filename thank you for your help beeblebrox have nice day. 
121 welcome evolutionour market has now been open since january. 
121 given the fact that are new our user base has grown exponentially over the past few months. 
121 according the deep dot web. 
121 com are the largest market the darkweb. 
121 that says lot given the fact that evolution frst opened its doors little over months ago. 
121 what makes evolution popular will explain you why. 
121 the purpose evolution provide safe place conduct sales with full functioning automatic escrow system. 
121 the operators evolution are means new onion markets. 
121 they have plenty experience and knowledge with escrow markets. 
121 since they have been running escrow market since june. 
121 the staff are very dedicated making evolution one the best darknet markets existence constantly adding new features and making the appropriate upgrades order make the market more reliable. 
121 the evolution philosophy congruent with that tors free speech and anonymity. 
121 long subject within appropriate boundaries and not explicit. 
121 trolling murder people are free discuss their beliefs and market freely without any discrimination judgement and hindrance staff. 
121 staff not act any biased manner. 
121 there favoritism with vendors and everyone treated equally regardless seniority. 
121 evolution will not even censor competitor market names links. 
121 you not have worry about typing code when mentioning another site. 
121 just believe users have the right discuss they wish. 
121 evolutions community and forums one the features that makes this market truly stand out. 
121 very active with user discussions about products reviews and general talk. 
121 must admit they are funny hell everybody has fun even the staff are very active the fourms not only with regulations but also participate general discussion well. 
121 you will even notice the owners presence the forums just about every day. 
121 they offer true passion when comes customer service. 
121 contact and support issues are always replied promptly and resolved immediately. 
121 especially the scam reports thread. 
121 this someting that the staff take very seriously and act upon immediately. 
121 the staffs continual presence leaves high moral with current members the point that most non staff members are always helping out others manner how staff would handle. 
121 want wrap stating that this truly wonderful community part. 
121 feel free ask any questions you have any comments will gladly respond you. 
121 thank you for taking the time read post. 
121 take care boogie come check out see for yourselves market wdvjq. 
122 just wanted add that case any unexpected downtime occurs here are the links for redirection. 
122 the clearnet site will updated include redirect links. 
122 toin case the clearnet link down here are the other domains try. 
123 from ayr april using gpa pgp for windows. 
123 lost public key can someone please explan how can replace find junk gpa. 
123 use gpg usb instead. 
124 usb key place isnt place anyway. 
124 flash based storage writes new blocks stop wear every time block written. 
124 you want encrypt before its written disk. 
125 not only that but theyve also changed url. 
125 whats more localbitcoins down too. 
125 probably just coincidence little worried had btc both and just hate loose them. 
125 havent really keepin date the past couple weeks. 
125 maybe just missing out some stuff. 
125 but yeah just seems little fishy just with what happened silkroad little earlier this year and all. 
126 chill relax and wait. 
126 sure its just too many people using the site dos attack. 
126 bucks doesnt hurt lol but ive got faith agora. 
127 from pirate market april you deposit bitcoins blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet from what gather goes from the deposit address randomized number your wallets and then gets paid out minus automatically randomized time one multiple transactions probably based the amount question the requested withdrawal addresses correct. 
128 just want know anyone has used him and hes legit mainly does weed listings. 
129 sign pidgeon using this sexed link. 
130 trying order but its down. 
131 from timothy leary april amok thanks. 
131 and will you also offer the option get fresh mined coins will looking into this yes. 
132 possible run bitmessage stable and safe tails. 
132 persistent volume can somebody post step step guide for managing this please quite unexperienced linux. 
133 not gonna lie couldnt handle this darkent shit anymore got first xanex this week and fucking happy. 
134 the constent and down bitcoins and everything else just need xanex calm down. 
134 also not happy about lbc they have been solid. 
135 bitstamp very good cheap btc and fast service. 
135 mixing coins afterwards and everythings fine. 
136 install tails second usb make persistent volume boot first usb and copy files third encrypted usb boot second usb copy files from third usb destroy whatever third usb. 
137 hello let explain short way. 
137 receive user blockchain one our random receiving from one our random cashout address your wallet splease note that are still working making more secure. 
138 from timothy leary april amdo you plan external. 
138 onion for your tumbler without connection dark net market hello after the beta finished will move the tumbler service external onion site which not connected the market. 
138 update tumbler page. 
139 from trees april pmchill relax and wait. 
139 sure its just too many people using the site dos attack. 
139 bucks doesnt hurt lol but ive got faith agora. 
139 bucks doesnt hurt either couple hundred does tho and yeah youre right. 
139 sorry since the thing and mtgox more recently when these sites down things can get little sketchysorry for freakin out. 
140 you plan external. 
140 onion for your tumbler without connection dark net market. 
141 and will you also offer the option get fresh mined coins peace. 
142 are there any bitcoin exchanges which you can register and sell your bitcoin for dollars euros and hold the money the site. 
142 then buy bitcoin later stage and withdraw the bitcoin. 
142 but this without linking bank account. 
142 maybe aswell though could faked guess. 
142 would like this way hedging small amounts bitcoin for short periods between times can cash out. 
142 lets say have bitcoins worth could sell them and hold the the site. 
142 then could buy bitcoins for. 
142 clean the coins and then sell them with real bank account cash. 
142 posted this security way securitying the money have vested bitcoins. 
142 basically selling the bitcoins market value straight away means hedging them against the dollar euro until its suitable for effectively move and clean them real account sell them for cash person. 
142 and also forfeit any loses gains that bitcoin fluctuations that may occur. 
142 also are there any services that can provide fake credentials accounts that could use for this anything relevant hedging the value bitcoin for short periods time. 
143 important information for being buyer here again listed some information for all current and prospective buyers. 
143 more details can found the evolution wiki and the buyers guide. 
143 both links are found below. 
143 please contact with any questions comments. 
143 thank you evolution very safe market with established full functioning escrow system. 
143 the staff have currently paved the foundation for multisig and will soon become implemented. 
143 the escrow system the main line defense deter potential scammers. 
143 make sure keep all your purchases escrow. 
143 remember never unless the vendor confirmed reputable through legacy sales. 
143 aware that scammers exist matter hard try stop them. 
143 they exist every market this just fact that all have accept. 
143 there are precautions that every user should keep mind. 
143 remember the old saying its too good true probably. 
143 the user scoobyjew made outstanding post how more responsible and cautious. 
143 php you will find that the community whole dedicated identifying scammers and warning other buyers not conduct business with confirmed scammer. 
143 this can found the scam reports section. 
143 php staff are constantly vetting through the market order find potential scammers. 
143 they also encourage the communtity help identify and report suspected vendors well. 
143 you can help either filling out scam report clicking the report user button found each vendors listing. 
143 there sense looking out for one another within the community with very friendly members who are happy help answer questions and guide new users. 
143 talk people the forums very active and you will surely find the answers you need. 
143 both the market and forums very user friendly. 
143 the system operates smooth and fast with lagging and time outs present. 
143 the market constanty updated for both enhancing cosmetic features and keeping the system upgraded. 
143 all know how important security for market. 
143 evolution runs smoothly and efficiently without any known bugs attacks reported. 
143 staff are very dedicated and take security very seriously. 
143 patching and updates the market are always implemented when necessary. 
143 bug bounties are offered those who are able detect any major issues and can report them for reward. 
143 for more information reporting bug and receiving bounty either contact the admins visit. 
143 php for customers have better purchasing experience please refer the following links evolution wiki. 
143 onion wiki index. 
143 php title main pagebuyers guide. 
143 onion wiki index. 
143 php title buyer guide. 
144 flash based memory either you have hope the controller supports the ata secure erase command correctly most not you have blank the entire thing with. 
144 you cant run shred anything like that flash system. 
144 this paper may prove interesting and speaks more the subject. 
144 org legacy events fast tech full papers wei. 
144 pdfthis why would either encrypt the entire partition with the info because encrypted data should look just like normal random data use program encrypt all before its disk. 
144 you really need work document temporarily you want mount partition loopback device memory. 
145 from timothy leary april amis possible run bitmessage stable and safe tails. 
145 persistent volume can somebody post step step guide for managing this please quite unexperienced linux. 
145 and according their web page the versions python openssl and others supplied with debian. 
145 are not compatible with bitmessage. 
145 there are workarounds but they involve compiling software components from source. 
145 needless say this not job for novice. 
145 this problem will away when tails switches debian. 
145 wheezy later this year. 
145 switching debian wheezy will not without its drawbacks however this switch will mean the loss the gedit editor plugin allowing pgp encryption decryption signing verification from within the gedit editor itself. 
146 multi tumbler new mixing service the darknet. 
146 about multi tumbler possible receiving wallets which means can send your bitcoins different wallets random transfer times. 
146 its always random when youll receive the bitcoins. 
146 can take from minutes hours only fee. 
146 logs everything deleted after bitcoins has been sent out increase security. 
146 how does multi tumbler work you deposit bitcoins into your account. 
146 blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet multi tumbler. 
147 from timothy leary april amdo you plan external. 
147 onion for your tumbler without connection dark net market hello after the beta finished will move the tumbler service external onion site which not connected the market. 
147 update tumbler page. 
148 trying order but its down. 
149 from timothy leary april amok thanks. 
149 and will you also offer the option get fresh mined coins will looking into this yes. 
150 does anyone know how copy complete tails device incl. 
150 persistent volume secound usb. 
151 followed the instructions install electrum persistens here and want add bitmessage persistent config. 
151 would like clone everything the optimized stick without installing everything again. 
151 are the commands that can handle this. 
152 bitstamp very good cheap btc and fast service. 
152 mixing coins afterwards and everythings fine. 
153 multi tumbler new mixing service the darknet. 
153 about multi tumbler possible receiving wallets which means can send your bitcoins different wallets random transfer times. 
153 its always random when youll receive the bitcoins. 
153 can take from minutes hours only fee. 
153 logs everything deleted after bitcoins has been sent out increase security. 
153 how does multi tumbler work you deposit bitcoins into your account. 
153 blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet multi tumbler. 
154 bitstamp very good cheap btc and fast service. 
154 mixing coins afterwards and everythings fine. 
155 the constent and down bitcoins and everything else just need xanex calm down. 
155 also not happy about lbc they have been solid. 
156 not gonna lie couldnt handle this darkent shit anymore got first xanex this week and fucking happy. 
157 are there any bitcoin exchanges which you can register and sell your bitcoin for dollars euros and hold the money the site. 
157 then buy bitcoin later stage and withdraw the bitcoin. 
157 but this without linking bank account. 
157 maybe aswell though could faked guess. 
157 would like this way hedging small amounts bitcoin for short periods between times can cash out. 
157 lets say have bitcoins worth could sell them and hold the the site. 
157 then could buy bitcoins for. 
157 clean the coins and then sell them with real bank account cash. 
157 posted this security way securitying the money have vested bitcoins. 
157 basically selling the bitcoins market value straight away means hedging them against the dollar euro until its suitable for effectively move and clean them real account sell them for cash person. 
157 and also forfeit any loses gains that bitcoin fluctuations that may occur. 
157 also are there any services that can provide fake credentials accounts that could use for this anything relevant hedging the value bitcoin for short periods time. 
158 you plan external. 
158 onion for your tumbler without connection dark net market. 
159 sign pidgeon using this sexed link. 
160 from timothy leary april amis possible run bitmessage stable and safe tails. 
160 persistent volume can somebody post step step guide for managing this please quite unexperienced linux. 
160 and according their web page the versions python openssl and others supplied with debian. 
160 are not compatible with bitmessage. 
160 there are workarounds but they involve compiling software components from source. 
160 needless say this not job for novice. 
160 this problem will away when tails switches debian. 
160 wheezy later this year. 
160 switching debian wheezy will not without its drawbacks however this switch will mean the loss the gedit editor plugin allowing pgp encryption decryption signing verification from within the gedit editor itself. 
161 install tails second usb make persistent volume boot first usb and copy files third encrypted usb boot second usb copy files from third usb destroy whatever third usb. 
162 there literally zero reason invent the wheel here and many reasons not. 
162 use gpg for files truecrypt for volumes. 
163 and will you also offer the option get fresh mined coins peace. 
164 from owockeznan april pmon usb key place isnt place anyway. 
164 flash based storage writes new blocks stop wear every time block written. 
164 you want encrypt before its written disk. 
164 hello owock thats very interesting. 
164 goes like this lets say have top secret encrypted file secrets. 
164 asc and decrypt usb key now there are two files secrets. 
164 asc and secrets. 
164 txtif delete secrets. 
164 will there still image that data still usb key guessing the answer going yes theres data image. 
164 that could recoveredif the answer yes then what could ensure thatany deleted data really deleted please let know. 
164 this very interesting. 
164 have nice day. 
165 from zaphod april pmplayground the biggest difference between ccrypt and gpg the way they handle plaintext files. 
165 particular ccrypt encrypts files place whereas gpg does not. 
165 lets assume you are encrypting text file mytext. 
165 you encrypt that file with gpg you will left with the encrypted file mytext. 
165 gpg well the original file mytext. 
165 contrast with ccrypt the original file mytext. 
165 txt transformed into mytext. 
165 txt cpt the original file overwritten with gpg the original file left intact. 
165 depending your point view this may may not good thing. 
165 from the point view file deletion destruction ccrypt has the advantage this regard there only one file wipe opposed two the original and the encrypted file with gpg. 
165 zaphodhi zaphod yes. 
165 ccrypt definitely has virtues. 
165 have nice day. 
166 from trees april pmchill relax and wait. 
166 sure its just too many people using the site dos attack. 
166 bucks doesnt hurt lol but ive got faith agora. 
166 bucks doesnt hurt either couple hundred does tho and yeah youre right. 
166 sorry since the thing and mtgox more recently when these sites down things can get little sketchysorry for freakin out. 
167 trying order but its down. 
168 important information for being buyer here again listed some information for all current and prospective buyers. 
168 more details can found the evolution wiki and the buyers guide. 
168 both links are found below. 
168 please contact with any questions comments. 
168 thank you evolution very safe market with established full functioning escrow system. 
168 the staff have currently paved the foundation for multisig and will soon become implemented. 
168 the escrow system the main line defense deter potential scammers. 
168 make sure keep all your purchases escrow. 
168 remember never unless the vendor confirmed reputable through legacy sales. 
168 aware that scammers exist matter hard try stop them. 
168 they exist every market this just fact that all have accept. 
168 there are precautions that every user should keep mind. 
168 remember the old saying its too good true probably. 
168 the user scoobyjew made outstanding post how more responsible and cautious. 
168 php you will find that the community whole dedicated identifying scammers and warning other buyers not conduct business with confirmed scammer. 
168 this can found the scam reports section. 
168 php staff are constantly vetting through the market order find potential scammers. 
168 they also encourage the communtity help identify and report suspected vendors well. 
168 you can help either filling out scam report clicking the report user button found each vendors listing. 
168 there sense looking out for one another within the community with very friendly members who are happy help answer questions and guide new users. 
168 talk people the forums very active and you will surely find the answers you need. 
168 both the market and forums very user friendly. 
168 the system operates smooth and fast with lagging and time outs present. 
168 the market constanty updated for both enhancing cosmetic features and keeping the system upgraded. 
168 all know how important security for market. 
168 evolution runs smoothly and efficiently without any known bugs attacks reported. 
168 staff are very dedicated and take security very seriously. 
168 patching and updates the market are always implemented when necessary. 
168 bug bounties are offered those who are able detect any major issues and can report them for reward. 
168 for more information reporting bug and receiving bounty either contact the admins visit. 
168 php for customers have better purchasing experience please refer the following links evolution wiki. 
168 onion wiki index. 
168 php title main pagebuyers guide. 
168 onion wiki index. 
168 php title buyer guide. 
169 from timothy leary april amok thanks. 
169 and will you also offer the option get fresh mined coins will looking into this yes. 
170 possible run bitmessage stable and safe tails. 
170 persistent volume can somebody post step step guide for managing this please quite unexperienced linux. 
171 multi tumbler new mixing service the darknet. 
171 about multi tumbler possible receiving wallets which means can send your bitcoins different wallets random transfer times. 
171 its always random when youll receive the bitcoins. 
171 can take from minutes hours only fee. 
171 logs everything deleted after bitcoins has been sent out increase security. 
171 how does multi tumbler work you deposit bitcoins into your account. 
171 blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet multi tumbler. 
172 not gonna lie couldnt handle this darkent shit anymore got first xanex this week and fucking happy. 
173 the constent and down bitcoins and everything else just need xanex calm down. 
173 also not happy about lbc they have been solid. 
174 bitstamp very good cheap btc and fast service. 
174 mixing coins afterwards and everythings fine. 
175 from owockeznan april pmon usb key place isnt place anyway. 
175 flash based storage writes new blocks stop wear every time block written. 
175 you want encrypt before its written disk. 
175 hello owock thats very interesting. 
175 goes like this lets say have top secret encrypted file secrets. 
175 asc and decrypt usb key now there are two files secrets. 
175 asc and secrets. 
175 txtif delete secrets. 
175 will there still image that data still usb key guessing the answer going yes theres data image. 
175 that could recoveredif the answer yes then what could ensure thatany deleted data really deleted please let know. 
175 this very interesting. 
175 have nice day. 
176 from zaphod april pmplayground the biggest difference between ccrypt and gpg the way they handle plaintext files. 
176 particular ccrypt encrypts files place whereas gpg does not. 
176 lets assume you are encrypting text file mytext. 
176 you encrypt that file with gpg you will left with the encrypted file mytext. 
176 gpg well the original file mytext. 
176 contrast with ccrypt the original file mytext. 
176 txt transformed into mytext. 
176 txt cpt the original file overwritten with gpg the original file left intact. 
176 depending your point view this may may not good thing. 
176 from the point view file deletion destruction ccrypt has the advantage this regard there only one file wipe opposed two the original and the encrypted file with gpg. 
176 zaphodhi zaphod yes. 
176 ccrypt definitely has virtues. 
176 have nice day. 
177 there literally zero reason invent the wheel here and many reasons not. 
177 use gpg for files truecrypt for volumes. 
178 followed the instructions install electrum persistens here and want add bitmessage persistent config. 
178 would like clone everything the optimized stick without installing everything again. 
178 are the commands that can handle this. 
179 does anyone know how copy complete tails device incl. 
179 persistent volume secound usb. 
180 from owockeznan april pmon usb key place isnt place anyway. 
180 flash based storage writes new blocks stop wear every time block written. 
180 you want encrypt before its written disk. 
180 hello owock thats very interesting. 
180 goes like this lets say have top secret encrypted file secrets. 
180 asc and decrypt usb key now there are two files secrets. 
180 asc and secrets. 
180 txtif delete secrets. 
180 will there still image that data still usb key guessing the answer going yes theres data image. 
180 that could recoveredif the answer yes then what could ensure thatany deleted data really deleted please let know. 
180 this very interesting. 
180 have nice day. 
181 from zaphod april pmplayground the biggest difference between ccrypt and gpg the way they handle plaintext files. 
181 particular ccrypt encrypts files place whereas gpg does not. 
181 lets assume you are encrypting text file mytext. 
181 you encrypt that file with gpg you will left with the encrypted file mytext. 
181 gpg well the original file mytext. 
181 contrast with ccrypt the original file mytext. 
181 txt transformed into mytext. 
181 txt cpt the original file overwritten with gpg the original file left intact. 
181 depending your point view this may may not good thing. 
181 from the point view file deletion destruction ccrypt has the advantage this regard there only one file wipe opposed two the original and the encrypted file with gpg. 
181 zaphodhi zaphod yes. 
181 ccrypt definitely has virtues. 
181 have nice day. 
182 sign pidgeon using this sexed link. 
183 trying order but its down. 
184 from timothy leary april amok thanks. 
184 and will you also offer the option get fresh mined coins will looking into this yes. 
185 possible run bitmessage stable and safe tails. 
185 persistent volume can somebody post step step guide for managing this please quite unexperienced linux. 
186 are there any bitcoin exchanges which you can register and sell your bitcoin for dollars euros and hold the money the site. 
186 then buy bitcoin later stage and withdraw the bitcoin. 
186 but this without linking bank account. 
186 maybe aswell though could faked guess. 
186 would like this way hedging small amounts bitcoin for short periods between times can cash out. 
186 lets say have bitcoins worth could sell them and hold the the site. 
186 then could buy bitcoins for. 
186 clean the coins and then sell them with real bank account cash. 
186 posted this security way securitying the money have vested bitcoins. 
186 basically selling the bitcoins market value straight away means hedging them against the dollar euro until its suitable for effectively move and clean them real account sell them for cash person. 
186 and also forfeit any loses gains that bitcoin fluctuations that may occur. 
186 also are there any services that can provide fake credentials accounts that could use for this anything relevant hedging the value bitcoin for short periods time. 
187 does anyone know how copy complete tails device incl. 
187 persistent volume secound usb. 
188 followed the instructions install electrum persistens here and want add bitmessage persistent config. 
188 would like clone everything the optimized stick without installing everything again. 
188 are the commands that can handle this. 
189 there literally zero reason invent the wheel here and many reasons not. 
189 use gpg for files truecrypt for volumes. 
190 you plan external. 
190 onion for your tumbler without connection dark net market. 
191 and will you also offer the option get fresh mined coins peace. 
192 from timothy leary april amok thanks. 
192 and will you also offer the option get fresh mined coins will looking into this yes. 
193 are there any bitcoin exchanges which you can register and sell your bitcoin for dollars euros and hold the money the site. 
193 then buy bitcoin later stage and withdraw the bitcoin. 
193 but this without linking bank account. 
193 maybe aswell though could faked guess. 
193 would like this way hedging small amounts bitcoin for short periods between times can cash out. 
193 lets say have bitcoins worth could sell them and hold the the site. 
193 then could buy bitcoins for. 
193 clean the coins and then sell them with real bank account cash. 
193 posted this security way securitying the money have vested bitcoins. 
193 basically selling the bitcoins market value straight away means hedging them against the dollar euro until its suitable for effectively move and clean them real account sell them for cash person. 
193 and also forfeit any loses gains that bitcoin fluctuations that may occur. 
193 also are there any services that can provide fake credentials accounts that could use for this anything relevant hedging the value bitcoin for short periods time. 
194 you plan external. 
194 onion for your tumbler without connection dark net market. 
195 sign pidgeon using this sexed link. 
196 from timothy leary april amis possible run bitmessage stable and safe tails. 
196 persistent volume can somebody post step step guide for managing this please quite unexperienced linux. 
196 and according their web page the versions python openssl and others supplied with debian. 
196 are not compatible with bitmessage. 
196 there are workarounds but they involve compiling software components from source. 
196 needless say this not job for novice. 
196 this problem will away when tails switches debian. 
196 wheezy later this year. 
196 switching debian wheezy will not without its drawbacks however this switch will mean the loss the gedit editor plugin allowing pgp encryption decryption signing verification from within the gedit editor itself. 
197 install tails second usb make persistent volume boot first usb and copy files third encrypted usb boot second usb copy files from third usb destroy whatever third usb. 
198 there literally zero reason invent the wheel here and many reasons not. 
198 use gpg for files truecrypt for volumes. 
199 and will you also offer the option get fresh mined coins peace. 
200 from owockeznan april pmon usb key place isnt place anyway. 
200 flash based storage writes new blocks stop wear every time block written. 
200 you want encrypt before its written disk. 
200 hello owock thats very interesting. 
200 goes like this lets say have top secret encrypted file secrets. 
200 asc and decrypt usb key now there are two files secrets. 
200 asc and secrets. 
200 txtif delete secrets. 
200 will there still image that data still usb key guessing the answer going yes theres data image. 
200 that could recoveredif the answer yes then what could ensure thatany deleted data really deleted please let know. 
200 this very interesting. 
200 have nice day. 
201 from zaphod april pmplayground the biggest difference between ccrypt and gpg the way they handle plaintext files. 
201 particular ccrypt encrypts files place whereas gpg does not. 
201 lets assume you are encrypting text file mytext. 
201 you encrypt that file with gpg you will left with the encrypted file mytext. 
201 gpg well the original file mytext. 
201 contrast with ccrypt the original file mytext. 
201 txt transformed into mytext. 
201 txt cpt the original file overwritten with gpg the original file left intact. 
201 depending your point view this may may not good thing. 
201 from the point view file deletion destruction ccrypt has the advantage this regard there only one file wipe opposed two the original and the encrypted file with gpg. 
201 zaphodhi zaphod yes. 
201 ccrypt definitely has virtues. 
201 have nice day. 
202 from trees april pmchill relax and wait. 
202 sure its just too many people using the site dos attack. 
202 bucks doesnt hurt lol but ive got faith agora. 
202 bucks doesnt hurt either couple hundred does tho and yeah youre right. 
202 sorry since the thing and mtgox more recently when these sites down things can get little sketchysorry for freakin out. 
203 trying order but its down. 
204 important information for being buyer here again listed some information for all current and prospective buyers. 
204 more details can found the evolution wiki and the buyers guide. 
204 both links are found below. 
204 please contact with any questions comments. 
204 thank you evolution very safe market with established full functioning escrow system. 
204 the staff have currently paved the foundation for multisig and will soon become implemented. 
204 the escrow system the main line defense deter potential scammers. 
204 make sure keep all your purchases escrow. 
204 remember never unless the vendor confirmed reputable through legacy sales. 
204 aware that scammers exist matter hard try stop them. 
204 they exist every market this just fact that all have accept. 
204 there are precautions that every user should keep mind. 
204 remember the old saying its too good true probably. 
204 the user scoobyjew made outstanding post how more responsible and cautious. 
204 php you will find that the community whole dedicated identifying scammers and warning other buyers not conduct business with confirmed scammer. 
204 this can found the scam reports section. 
204 php staff are constantly vetting through the market order find potential scammers. 
204 they also encourage the communtity help identify and report suspected vendors well. 
204 you can help either filling out scam report clicking the report user button found each vendors listing. 
204 there sense looking out for one another within the community with very friendly members who are happy help answer questions and guide new users. 
204 talk people the forums very active and you will surely find the answers you need. 
204 both the market and forums very user friendly. 
204 the system operates smooth and fast with lagging and time outs present. 
204 the market constanty updated for both enhancing cosmetic features and keeping the system upgraded. 
204 all know how important security for market. 
204 evolution runs smoothly and efficiently without any known bugs attacks reported. 
204 staff are very dedicated and take security very seriously. 
204 patching and updates the market are always implemented when necessary. 
204 bug bounties are offered those who are able detect any major issues and can report them for reward. 
204 for more information reporting bug and receiving bounty either contact the admins visit. 
204 php for customers have better purchasing experience please refer the following links evolution wiki. 
204 onion wiki index. 
204 php title main pagebuyers guide. 
204 onion wiki index. 
204 php title buyer guide. 
205 from timothy leary april amok thanks. 
205 and will you also offer the option get fresh mined coins will looking into this yes. 
206 flash based memory either you have hope the controller supports the ata secure erase command correctly most not you have blank the entire thing with. 
206 you cant run shred anything like that flash system. 
206 this paper may prove interesting and speaks more the subject. 
206 org legacy events fast tech full papers wei. 
206 pdfthis why would either encrypt the entire partition with the info because encrypted data should look just like normal random data use program encrypt all before its disk. 
206 you really need work document temporarily you want mount partition loopback device memory. 
207 multi tumbler new mixing service the darknet. 
207 about multi tumbler possible receiving wallets which means can send your bitcoins different wallets random transfer times. 
207 its always random when youll receive the bitcoins. 
207 can take from minutes hours only fee. 
207 logs everything deleted after bitcoins has been sent out increase security. 
207 how does multi tumbler work you deposit bitcoins into your account. 
207 blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet multi tumbler. 
208 possible run bitmessage stable and safe tails. 
208 persistent volume can somebody post step step guide for managing this please quite unexperienced linux. 
209 followed the instructions install electrum persistens here and want add bitmessage persistent config. 
209 would like clone everything the optimized stick without installing everything again. 
209 are the commands that can handle this. 
210 does anyone know how copy complete tails device incl. 
210 persistent volume secound usb. 
211 hello let explain short way. 
211 receive user blockchain one our random receiving from one our random cashout address your wallet splease note that are still working making more secure. 
212 from timothy leary april amdo you plan external. 
212 onion for your tumbler without connection dark net market hello after the beta finished will move the tumbler service external onion site which not connected the market. 
212 update tumbler page. 
213 sign pidgeon using this sexed link. 
214 from timothy leary april amis possible run bitmessage stable and safe tails. 
214 persistent volume can somebody post step step guide for managing this please quite unexperienced linux. 
214 and according their web page the versions python openssl and others supplied with debian. 
214 are not compatible with bitmessage. 
214 there are workarounds but they involve compiling software components from source. 
214 needless say this not job for novice. 
214 this problem will away when tails switches debian. 
214 wheezy later this year. 
214 switching debian wheezy will not without its drawbacks however this switch will mean the loss the gedit editor plugin allowing pgp encryption decryption signing verification from within the gedit editor itself. 
215 install tails second usb make persistent volume boot first usb and copy files third encrypted usb boot second usb copy files from third usb destroy whatever third usb. 
216 there literally zero reason invent the wheel here and many reasons not. 
216 use gpg for files truecrypt for volumes. 
217 and will you also offer the option get fresh mined coins peace. 
218 from owockeznan april pmon usb key place isnt place anyway. 
218 flash based storage writes new blocks stop wear every time block written. 
218 you want encrypt before its written disk. 
218 hello owock thats very interesting. 
218 goes like this lets say have top secret encrypted file secrets. 
218 asc and decrypt usb key now there are two files secrets. 
218 asc and secrets. 
218 txtif delete secrets. 
218 will there still image that data still usb key guessing the answer going yes theres data image. 
218 that could recoveredif the answer yes then what could ensure thatany deleted data really deleted please let know. 
218 this very interesting. 
218 have nice day. 
219 from zaphod april pmplayground the biggest difference between ccrypt and gpg the way they handle plaintext files. 
219 particular ccrypt encrypts files place whereas gpg does not. 
219 lets assume you are encrypting text file mytext. 
219 you encrypt that file with gpg you will left with the encrypted file mytext. 
219 gpg well the original file mytext. 
219 contrast with ccrypt the original file mytext. 
219 txt transformed into mytext. 
219 txt cpt the original file overwritten with gpg the original file left intact. 
219 depending your point view this may may not good thing. 
219 from the point view file deletion destruction ccrypt has the advantage this regard there only one file wipe opposed two the original and the encrypted file with gpg. 
219 zaphodhi zaphod yes. 
219 ccrypt definitely has virtues. 
219 have nice day. 
220 from trees april pmchill relax and wait. 
220 sure its just too many people using the site dos attack. 
220 bucks doesnt hurt lol but ive got faith agora. 
220 bucks doesnt hurt either couple hundred does tho and yeah youre right. 
220 sorry since the thing and mtgox more recently when these sites down things can get little sketchysorry for freakin out. 
221 trying order but its down. 
222 important information for being buyer here again listed some information for all current and prospective buyers. 
222 more details can found the evolution wiki and the buyers guide. 
222 both links are found below. 
222 please contact with any questions comments. 
222 thank you evolution very safe market with established full functioning escrow system. 
222 the staff have currently paved the foundation for multisig and will soon become implemented. 
222 the escrow system the main line defense deter potential scammers. 
222 make sure keep all your purchases escrow. 
222 remember never unless the vendor confirmed reputable through legacy sales. 
222 aware that scammers exist matter hard try stop them. 
222 they exist every market this just fact that all have accept. 
222 there are precautions that every user should keep mind. 
222 remember the old saying its too good true probably. 
222 the user scoobyjew made outstanding post how more responsible and cautious. 
222 php you will find that the community whole dedicated identifying scammers and warning other buyers not conduct business with confirmed scammer. 
222 this can found the scam reports section. 
222 php staff are constantly vetting through the market order find potential scammers. 
222 they also encourage the communtity help identify and report suspected vendors well. 
222 you can help either filling out scam report clicking the report user button found each vendors listing. 
222 there sense looking out for one another within the community with very friendly members who are happy help answer questions and guide new users. 
222 talk people the forums very active and you will surely find the answers you need. 
222 both the market and forums very user friendly. 
222 the system operates smooth and fast with lagging and time outs present. 
222 the market constanty updated for both enhancing cosmetic features and keeping the system upgraded. 
222 all know how important security for market. 
222 evolution runs smoothly and efficiently without any known bugs attacks reported. 
222 staff are very dedicated and take security very seriously. 
222 patching and updates the market are always implemented when necessary. 
222 bug bounties are offered those who are able detect any major issues and can report them for reward. 
222 for more information reporting bug and receiving bounty either contact the admins visit. 
222 php for customers have better purchasing experience please refer the following links evolution wiki. 
222 onion wiki index. 
222 php title main pagebuyers guide. 
222 onion wiki index. 
222 php title buyer guide. 
223 from timothy leary april amok thanks. 
223 and will you also offer the option get fresh mined coins will looking into this yes. 
224 flash based memory either you have hope the controller supports the ata secure erase command correctly most not you have blank the entire thing with. 
224 you cant run shred anything like that flash system. 
224 this paper may prove interesting and speaks more the subject. 
224 org legacy events fast tech full papers wei. 
224 pdfthis why would either encrypt the entire partition with the info because encrypted data should look just like normal random data use program encrypt all before its disk. 
224 you really need work document temporarily you want mount partition loopback device memory. 
225 multi tumbler new mixing service the darknet. 
225 about multi tumbler possible receiving wallets which means can send your bitcoins different wallets random transfer times. 
225 its always random when youll receive the bitcoins. 
225 can take from minutes hours only fee. 
225 logs everything deleted after bitcoins has been sent out increase security. 
225 how does multi tumbler work you deposit bitcoins into your account. 
225 blockchain forwards the bitcoins one our wallets transfer the bitcoins from our wallet your wallet multi tumbler. 
226 possible run bitmessage stable and safe tails. 
226 persistent volume can somebody post step step guide for managing this please quite unexperienced linux. 
227 followed the instructions install electrum persistens here and want add bitmessage persistent config. 
227 would like clone everything the optimized stick without installing everything again. 
227 are the commands that can handle this. 
228 does anyone know how copy complete tails device incl. 
228 persistent volume secound usb. 
229 hello let explain short way. 
229 receive user blockchain one our random receiving from one our random cashout address your wallet splease note that are still working making more secure. 
230 from timothy leary april amdo you plan external. 
230 onion for your tumbler without connection dark net market hello after the beta finished will move the tumbler service external onion site which not connected the market. 
230 update tumbler page. 
231 not throw fuel this fire but angora has been going down lot since the url change last week. 
231 may growing pains and like trees have faith the market but can bit irritating times. 
232 think that btc known for being anon friendly. 
233 from donkeysausage may may growing pains and like trees have faith the market but can bit irritating times. 
233 you can say that last part again. 
233 its been source major frustration for late. 
234 during years tor have seen countless scam attempts and many sad faces those who were ripped off. 
234 here the deep web scammers will always exist plain and simple. 
234 matter how hard all try bust them down their presence will always remain. 
234 you will find them forums their own websites and throughout all major and established dark markets. 
234 now that all have accepted this sad issue lets discuss the many methods help prevent you from falling into this trap. 
234 first and foremost the number one rule when doing business the deep web always trust your instinct. 
234 sure all you heard this old saying before its too good true probably. 
234 know its very cliche but still holds lot merit. 
234 most scam victims fail follow this and with their impulses instead. 
234 they see product deal astounding price that they dont think anything else but having the items their hands. 
234 its like being hypnotized sense. 
234 dont worry not talking down anyone. 
234 its human nature follow with impulses. 
234 just remember that next time you see amazing deal think through and see this can realistic. 
234 now that covered the golden rule. 
234 now going discuss the different types scam methods that are present thought the deep web. 
234 please post left anything out you have any questions comments. 
234 the hidden wiki thw thw probably one the oldest sites still existance tor. 
234 more then likely one the first sites many people new tor visit. 
234 can quite amazing discovery seeing all the differnt businesses selling drugs weapons fraud items stolen electronics etc. 
234 for lack words its really awesome see that you now have access pretty much anything you want when you didnt prior setting tor. 
234 now the problem here that thw can moderated pretty much anyone who has registered account. 
234 some the nefarious hidden wiki staff are very aware the many new comers deep web. 
234 this why safe that just about every commercial site thw are scams. 
234 plan and simple. 
234 even legitimate and well known markets featured thw are more then likely phishing sites set steal your account information. 
234 long story short avoid the hidden wiki when searching for market links. 
234 example phishing site for. 
234 onion best way tell that the url obviously the wrong one. 
234 you need link market site visit the subreddit darknetmarkets. 
234 com darknetmarkets the deep dot web. 
234 these sites provide legitimate market links that are never altered. 
234 anyone knows any other sites new comers can use find legit links please toss them. 
234 non market commercial sitesjust like the ones listed thw pretty much all the small sites that sell products and services are all pretty much scams. 
234 the only exception are sites that operated established market vendors who are well recognized and can verified with their pgp. 
234 anyone needs help verifying someones pgp you are more then welcome message and ill glad help. 
234 plus there are few sites that catalog vendor pgps and offer verification well. 
234 ill show you some examples sites and how tell the are rippers. 
234 green notes counter. 
234 onion here site that sells counterfeit coins. 
234 sadly they not accept escrow and give the typical scammer reason that they not trust escrow sites. 
234 but for some ill logic reason its okay trust them. 
234 lol yeah right. 
234 double your btc. 
234 onion here site that promises return you the double amount btc you send them. 
234 lets think about this who earth will give you free money one thats who. 
234 they have such wonderful method doubling bitcoin then why would they share and not just keep themselves get rich well actually they have method for getting rich its stealing others coin. 
234 onion wow site that sells cloned debit cards with pin that you can just easily walk any atm and cash out. 
234 just like with the double your btc service who their right mind would give away free money why couldnt they just keep the cards and cash them out themselves these are the question you have ask and the true simple answer that they dont have any cards. 
234 they just want your coin and bolt. 
234 peoples drug store. 
234 onion just another rip off site that offers escrow protection and just wants steal from you. 
234 same with the other mentioned sites they state that once payment received they will mail you the shipping information. 
234 hate say but you will waiting long time for that info. 
234 important keep and eye out with other sites using the same format. 
234 they are hosted pseudo organization called torshops. 
234 avoid all their sites all costs iphones for. 
234 onion just gonna say all these electronic stores are scams. 
234 never have seen legit ones. 
234 either they feed you line shit why they dont escrow and there are ones that offer fake escrow service. 
234 the sites with escrow accepted will usually send you link site you probably never heard and ask you depoist money and simply release when you get your item. 
234 sadly the electronic site most likely owns that escrow site and will just take the btc and avoid your emails. 
234 wont into lot detail but the self operated sites that sell guns and offer hitman services. 
234 they are all scams plain and simple. 
234 the solution just stick the established markets and use their escrow system. 
234 remember escrow the main line defense that protects you from losing your coin. 
234 scammers commercial marketsthis section will cover how spot and deal with rippers that use established markets host their scam. 
234 some them demand everything others will appear have outstanding feedback and there are even some that offer escrow too. 
234 here are the ways spot them and some tactics they use steal your coins. 
234 the first and easy ones spot are the brand new vendors site with reputation and off the bat request. 
234 they either sell great variety different products red flag great price hoping grab many customers possible. 
234 they have few big and expensive products and wait until someone takes the bait. 
234 when you spot these people question them why they dont accept escrow. 
234 the most common replies scammers give are they dont trust escrow btc too unpredictable. 
234 whatever excuse they give you just walk away. 
234 know thats killer deal they offer but wouldnt you rather peace mind there are plenty legit vendors that accept escrow. 
234 dont risk and with them. 
234 forgot mention always check their feedback and the forums find any reviews the vendor may have. 
234 this will give you better assurance whether not deal with the vendor. 
234 lot the time. 
234 you will find scammers with amazing feedback. 
234 how could this well they use the tactic called feedback stacking. 
234 this when scammer registers numerous buyer accounts and buy from themselves and leave amazing feedback. 
234 here what look for when spotting padded feedback numerous complete orders the same day price extremely low item was deleted same username same comments are used over and over again. 
234 example you have pandora login and check out this sellers profile note this not attack pandora was just example found. 
234 these are found every market. 
234 onion profile scroll all the way down and look the feedback long way down. 
234 sellers way hiding. 
234 this probably the most obvious padded feedback ever seen. 
234 some are more clever then that but they always slip showing pattern. 
234 youll notice when you come across. 
234 when you order from vendor and the item escrow make sure you note the shipping time. 
234 lot rippers will set short shipping time hoping that you wont notice that the order will auto finalize. 
234 just remember when funds are released whether after feing the order auto finalized the first thing that vendor will quickly withdraw the coin their wallet. 
234 now out the staffs hands recover your money. 
234 one final note careful when posting the wanted buyer request section markets forum. 
234 this where lot rip offs occur. 
234 you may get plenty pms from people who arent even vendor saying they can help you out. 
234 just remember tell them hell and wait for verified vendor reply. 
234 because you know whats gonna you decide follow through with that offer. 
234 well this what got far. 
234 pretty long winded know. 
234 please feel free ask question toss any extra info forgot discuss. 
234 stay safe out there everyone and remember that golden rule its too good true probably. 
235 marketplace was down slow for about hours yesterday but all working expected now. 
235 great selection drugs child porn orpgp login available. 
235 onion register vzclxsvkkei could not find agora sub folder the first few pages that surprised. 
235 please merge mods missed. 
235 always use pgp for sensitive information. 
235 long live the community. 
235 karma can bitch but that what choose believe. 
236 from boogie may amshit man sorry for your loss thats crazy always thought they were verified. 
236 campbx has been around for long time too. 
236 fuckers mustve went rouge guess. 
236 verified den theives but really should have checked their rating before using them. 
237 from boogie may pmill damn. 
237 thanks for the warning. 
237 sorry that you had take loss with campbx hope wasnt too much. 
237 but you still did good thing warning the rest the community. 
237 was worth about grape bogglegum painful but not the end the world. 
237 consider that much bitcoin more valuable than the equivelant money since takes work and vig get the coins into clean wallet. 
237 anyway using blockchain. 
237 info wallet now thedude abides once again. 
238 shit man sorry for your loss thats crazy always thought they were verified. 
238 campbx has been around for long time too. 
238 fuckers mustve went rouge guess. 
239 thanks for the warning. 
239 sorry that you had take loss with campbx hope wasnt too much. 
239 but you still did good thing warning the rest the community. 
240 localbitcions great route. 
240 load moneypak vanilla card. 
240 look for trade. 
240 and you usually get your coin mins. 
240 just about quick depositing cash their bank account. 
240 sellers usually want ridiculous percentage for the moneypak. 
240 but hell its quick. 
240 sellers who accept are pretty light the. 
240 then you wont have worry about buying btc again. 
240 you just have worry about selling. 
241 localbitcions great route. 
241 load moneypak vanilla card. 
241 look for trade. 
241 and you usually get your coin mins. 
241 just about quick depositing cash their bank account. 
241 sellers usually want ridiculous percentage for the moneypak. 
241 but hell its quick. 
241 sellers who accept are pretty light the. 
241 then you wont have worry about buying btc again. 
241 you just have worry about selling. 
242 not throw fuel this fire but angora has been going down lot since the url change last week. 
242 may growing pains and like trees have faith the market but can bit irritating times. 
243 after reading about. 
243 gonna get one myself. 
244 from licketysplit may ami think that btc known for being anon friendly. 
244 yesprepaid perfect money card btc btc. 
245 from boogie may pmquote from antl may amtheres also method plan using once launches but plan launder all the btc then withdraw. 
245 com and theres chance this scam since they announced the btc convention newyork and hong kong granted they need your real information withdraw but that point its clean money shouldnt mattermore info. 
245 com news cryptex card debuts first global. 
245 ill definitely look into that. 
245 found another one well. 
245 this user bitcoin talk selling anonymous reload visa similar the polish ibans but would not tell anyone his source. 
245 which understand since that would ruin his business. 
245 unfortunately for him did reverse image search the cards was displaying and found where buying them from here. 
245 com the site located india and its half english and half hindi. 
245 thinking about buying some myself but little hesitant and need read some more reviews before making that jump. 
245 have you heard them before anyone for that matter. 
245 thanks again for the site. 
245 one more question. 
245 they need your real info order for them mail you your card. 
245 they need open account its for the mail got few methods set drop you need any help which you may already know but just case take easy. 
245 unfortunately theyve stated that they wont allow anonymous usership which can understand seeing how easily exploitable might but still they need verify your identity order for you get card. 
246 from boogie may amgeat info know. 
246 you can always order the polish iban cards that keep you anonymous. 
246 its always good know other alternatives all well. 
246 ive been searching for some. 
246 ready debit cards that are anonymous. 
246 the closest thing could find the target amex card and the readydebit. 
246 they still require information ssn but you can use someone elses. 
246 well its not considered fraud youre just borrowing and cashing out your own money right another site ive been researching downtime this one. 
246 euyou can get free online bank account and get reloadable vcc spend your money. 
246 they even accept bitcoin. 
246 you can put any fake information you want when registering and they never verify. 
246 they actually support anonymity. 
246 other words they are shady fuck lol. 
246 cannot vouch for them just yet then havent tested the vcc. 
246 but they will give you one free with balance you ever need number verify account ill keep yall posted interested. 
246 anywho thats all have for now. 
246 thanks again for the info. 
246 theres also method plan using once launches but plan launder all the btc then withdraw. 
246 com and theres chance this scam since they announced the btc convention newyork and hong kong granted they need your real information withdraw but that point its clean money shouldnt mattermore info. 
246 com news cryptex card debuts first global. 
247 from antl may amtheres also method plan using once launches but plan launder all the btc then withdraw. 
247 com and theres chance this scam since they announced the btc convention newyork and hong kong granted they need your real information withdraw but that point its clean money shouldnt mattermore info. 
247 com news cryptex card debuts first global. 
247 ill definitely look into that. 
247 found another one well. 
247 this user bitcoin talk selling anonymous reload visa similar the polish ibans but would not tell anyone his source. 
247 which understand since that would ruin his business. 
247 unfortunately for him did reverse image search the cards was displaying and found where buying them from here. 
247 com the site located india and its half english and half hindi. 
247 thinking about buying some myself but little hesitant and need read some more reviews before making that jump. 
247 have you heard them before anyone for that matter. 
247 thanks again for the site. 
247 one more question. 
247 they need your real info order for them mail you your card. 
247 they need open account its for the mail got few methods set drop you need any help which you may already know but just case take easy. 
248 geat info know. 
248 you can always order the polish iban cards that keep you anonymous. 
248 its always good know other alternatives all well. 
248 ive been searching for some. 
248 ready debit cards that are anonymous. 
248 the closest thing could find the target amex card and the readydebit. 
248 they still require information ssn but you can use someone elses. 
248 well its not considered fraud youre just borrowing and cashing out your own money right another site ive been researching downtime this one. 
248 euyou can get free online bank account and get reloadable vcc spend your money. 
248 they even accept bitcoin. 
248 you can put any fake information you want when registering and they never verify. 
248 they actually support anonymity. 
248 other words they are shady fuck lol. 
248 cannot vouch for them just yet then havent tested the vcc. 
248 but they will give you one free with balance you ever need number verify account ill keep yall posted interested. 
248 anywho thats all have for now. 
248 thanks again for the info. 
249 localbitcions great route. 
249 load moneypak vanilla card. 
249 look for trade. 
249 and you usually get your coin mins. 
249 just about quick depositing cash their bank account. 
249 sellers usually want ridiculous percentage for the moneypak. 
249 but hell its quick. 
249 sellers who accept are pretty light the. 
249 then you wont have worry about buying btc again. 
249 you just have worry about selling. 
250 thanks for the warning. 
250 sorry that you had take loss with campbx hope wasnt too much. 
250 but you still did good thing warning the rest the community. 
251 shit man sorry for your loss thats crazy always thought they were verified. 
251 campbx has been around for long time too. 
251 fuckers mustve went rouge guess. 
252 from boogie may pmill damn. 
252 thanks for the warning. 
252 sorry that you had take loss with campbx hope wasnt too much. 
252 but you still did good thing warning the rest the community. 
252 was worth about grape bogglegum painful but not the end the world. 
252 consider that much bitcoin more valuable than the equivelant money since takes work and vig get the coins into clean wallet. 
252 anyway using blockchain. 
252 info wallet now thedude abides once again. 
253 from boogie may amshit man sorry for your loss thats crazy always thought they were verified. 
253 campbx has been around for long time too. 
253 fuckers mustve went rouge guess. 
253 verified den theives but really should have checked their rating before using them. 
254 think that btc known for being anon friendly. 
255 during years tor have seen countless scam attempts and many sad faces those who were ripped off. 
255 here the deep web scammers will always exist plain and simple. 
255 matter how hard all try bust them down their presence will always remain. 
255 you will find them forums their own websites and throughout all major and established dark markets. 
255 now that all have accepted this sad issue lets discuss the many methods help prevent you from falling into this trap. 
255 first and foremost the number one rule when doing business the deep web always trust your instinct. 
255 sure all you heard this old saying before its too good true probably. 
255 know its very cliche but still holds lot merit. 
255 most scam victims fail follow this and with their impulses instead. 
255 they see product deal astounding price that they dont think anything else but having the items their hands. 
255 its like being hypnotized sense. 
255 dont worry not talking down anyone. 
255 its human nature follow with impulses. 
255 just remember that next time you see amazing deal think through and see this can realistic. 
255 now that covered the golden rule. 
255 now going discuss the different types scam methods that are present thought the deep web. 
255 please post left anything out you have any questions comments. 
255 the hidden wiki thw thw probably one the oldest sites still existance tor. 
255 more then likely one the first sites many people new tor visit. 
255 can quite amazing discovery seeing all the differnt businesses selling drugs weapons fraud items stolen electronics etc. 
255 for lack words its really awesome see that you now have access pretty much anything you want when you didnt prior setting tor. 
255 now the problem here that thw can moderated pretty much anyone who has registered account. 
255 some the nefarious hidden wiki staff are very aware the many new comers deep web. 
255 this why safe that just about every commercial site thw are scams. 
255 plan and simple. 
255 even legitimate and well known markets featured thw are more then likely phishing sites set steal your account information. 
255 long story short avoid the hidden wiki when searching for market links. 
255 example phishing site for. 
255 onion best way tell that the url obviously the wrong one. 
255 you need link market site visit the subreddit darknetmarkets. 
255 com darknetmarkets the deep dot web. 
255 these sites provide legitimate market links that are never altered. 
255 anyone knows any other sites new comers can use find legit links please toss them. 
255 non market commercial sitesjust like the ones listed thw pretty much all the small sites that sell products and services are all pretty much scams. 
255 the only exception are sites that operated established market vendors who are well recognized and can verified with their pgp. 
255 anyone needs help verifying someones pgp you are more then welcome message and ill glad help. 
255 plus there are few sites that catalog vendor pgps and offer verification well. 
255 ill show you some examples sites and how tell the are rippers. 
255 green notes counter. 
255 onion here site that sells counterfeit coins. 
255 sadly they not accept escrow and give the typical scammer reason that they not trust escrow sites. 
255 but for some ill logic reason its okay trust them. 
255 lol yeah right. 
255 double your btc. 
255 onion here site that promises return you the double amount btc you send them. 
255 lets think about this who earth will give you free money one thats who. 
255 they have such wonderful method doubling bitcoin then why would they share and not just keep themselves get rich well actually they have method for getting rich its stealing others coin. 
255 onion wow site that sells cloned debit cards with pin that you can just easily walk any atm and cash out. 
255 just like with the double your btc service who their right mind would give away free money why couldnt they just keep the cards and cash them out themselves these are the question you have ask and the true simple answer that they dont have any cards. 
255 they just want your coin and bolt. 
255 peoples drug store. 
255 onion just another rip off site that offers escrow protection and just wants steal from you. 
255 same with the other mentioned sites they state that once payment received they will mail you the shipping information. 
255 hate say but you will waiting long time for that info. 
255 important keep and eye out with other sites using the same format. 
255 they are hosted pseudo organization called torshops. 
255 avoid all their sites all costs iphones for. 
255 onion just gonna say all these electronic stores are scams. 
255 never have seen legit ones. 
255 either they feed you line shit why they dont escrow and there are ones that offer fake escrow service. 
255 the sites with escrow accepted will usually send you link site you probably never heard and ask you depoist money and simply release when you get your item. 
255 sadly the electronic site most likely owns that escrow site and will just take the btc and avoid your emails. 
255 wont into lot detail but the self operated sites that sell guns and offer hitman services. 
255 they are all scams plain and simple. 
255 the solution just stick the established markets and use their escrow system. 
255 remember escrow the main line defense that protects you from losing your coin. 
255 scammers commercial marketsthis section will cover how spot and deal with rippers that use established markets host their scam. 
255 some them demand everything others will appear have outstanding feedback and there are even some that offer escrow too. 
255 here are the ways spot them and some tactics they use steal your coins. 
255 the first and easy ones spot are the brand new vendors site with reputation and off the bat request. 
255 they either sell great variety different products red flag great price hoping grab many customers possible. 
255 they have few big and expensive products and wait until someone takes the bait. 
255 when you spot these people question them why they dont accept escrow. 
255 the most common replies scammers give are they dont trust escrow btc too unpredictable. 
255 whatever excuse they give you just walk away. 
255 know thats killer deal they offer but wouldnt you rather peace mind there are plenty legit vendors that accept escrow. 
255 dont risk and with them. 
255 forgot mention always check their feedback and the forums find any reviews the vendor may have. 
255 this will give you better assurance whether not deal with the vendor. 
255 lot the time. 
255 you will find scammers with amazing feedback. 
255 how could this well they use the tactic called feedback stacking. 
255 this when scammer registers numerous buyer accounts and buy from themselves and leave amazing feedback. 
255 here what look for when spotting padded feedback numerous complete orders the same day price extremely low item was deleted same username same comments are used over and over again. 
255 example you have pandora login and check out this sellers profile note this not attack pandora was just example found. 
255 these are found every market. 
255 onion profile scroll all the way down and look the feedback long way down. 
255 sellers way hiding. 
255 this probably the most obvious padded feedback ever seen. 
255 some are more clever then that but they always slip showing pattern. 
255 youll notice when you come across. 
255 when you order from vendor and the item escrow make sure you note the shipping time. 
255 lot rippers will set short shipping time hoping that you wont notice that the order will auto finalize. 
255 just remember when funds are released whether after feing the order auto finalized the first thing that vendor will quickly withdraw the coin their wallet. 
255 now out the staffs hands recover your money. 
255 one final note careful when posting the wanted buyer request section markets forum. 
255 this where lot rip offs occur. 
255 you may get plenty pms from people who arent even vendor saying they can help you out. 
255 just remember tell them hell and wait for verified vendor reply. 
255 because you know whats gonna you decide follow through with that offer. 
255 well this what got far. 
255 pretty long winded know. 
255 please feel free ask question toss any extra info forgot discuss. 
255 stay safe out there everyone and remember that golden rule its too good true probably. 
256 this entire thread just took paranoia the next level holy shit. 
257 marketplace was down slow for about hours yesterday but all working expected now. 
257 great selection drugs child porn orpgp login available. 
257 onion register vzclxsvkkei could not find agora sub folder the first few pages that surprised. 
257 please merge mods missed. 
257 always use pgp for sensitive information. 
257 long live the community. 
257 karma can bitch but that what choose believe. 
258 from donkeysausage may may growing pains and like trees have faith the market but can bit irritating times. 
258 you can say that last part again. 
258 its been source major frustration for late. 
259 not throw fuel this fire but angora has been going down lot since the url change last week. 
259 may growing pains and like trees have faith the market but can bit irritating times. 
260 during years tor have seen countless scam attempts and many sad faces those who were ripped off. 
260 here the deep web scammers will always exist plain and simple. 
260 matter how hard all try bust them down their presence will always remain. 
260 you will find them forums their own websites and throughout all major and established dark markets. 
260 now that all have accepted this sad issue lets discuss the many methods help prevent you from falling into this trap. 
260 first and foremost the number one rule when doing business the deep web always trust your instinct. 
260 sure all you heard this old saying before its too good true probably. 
260 know its very cliche but still holds lot merit. 
260 most scam victims fail follow this and with their impulses instead. 
260 they see product deal astounding price that they dont think anything else but having the items their hands. 
260 its like being hypnotized sense. 
260 dont worry not talking down anyone. 
260 its human nature follow with impulses. 
260 just remember that next time you see amazing deal think through and see this can realistic. 
260 now that covered the golden rule. 
260 now going discuss the different types scam methods that are present thought the deep web. 
260 please post left anything out you have any questions comments. 
260 the hidden wiki thw thw probably one the oldest sites still existance tor. 
260 more then likely one the first sites many people new tor visit. 
260 can quite amazing discovery seeing all the differnt businesses selling drugs weapons fraud items stolen electronics etc. 
260 for lack words its really awesome see that you now have access pretty much anything you want when you didnt prior setting tor. 
260 now the problem here that thw can moderated pretty much anyone who has registered account. 
260 some the nefarious hidden wiki staff are very aware the many new comers deep web. 
260 this why safe that just about every commercial site thw are scams. 
260 plan and simple. 
260 even legitimate and well known markets featured thw are more then likely phishing sites set steal your account information. 
260 long story short avoid the hidden wiki when searching for market links. 
260 example phishing site for. 
260 onion best way tell that the url obviously the wrong one. 
260 you need link market site visit the subreddit darknetmarkets. 
260 com darknetmarkets the deep dot web. 
260 these sites provide legitimate market links that are never altered. 
260 anyone knows any other sites new comers can use find legit links please toss them. 
260 non market commercial sitesjust like the ones listed thw pretty much all the small sites that sell products and services are all pretty much scams. 
260 the only exception are sites that operated established market vendors who are well recognized and can verified with their pgp. 
260 anyone needs help verifying someones pgp you are more then welcome message and ill glad help. 
260 plus there are few sites that catalog vendor pgps and offer verification well. 
260 ill show you some examples sites and how tell the are rippers. 
260 green notes counter. 
260 onion here site that sells counterfeit coins. 
260 sadly they not accept escrow and give the typical scammer reason that they not trust escrow sites. 
260 but for some ill logic reason its okay trust them. 
260 lol yeah right. 
260 double your btc. 
260 onion here site that promises return you the double amount btc you send them. 
260 lets think about this who earth will give you free money one thats who. 
260 they have such wonderful method doubling bitcoin then why would they share and not just keep themselves get rich well actually they have method for getting rich its stealing others coin. 
260 onion wow site that sells cloned debit cards with pin that you can just easily walk any atm and cash out. 
260 just like with the double your btc service who their right mind would give away free money why couldnt they just keep the cards and cash them out themselves these are the question you have ask and the true simple answer that they dont have any cards. 
260 they just want your coin and bolt. 
260 peoples drug store. 
260 onion just another rip off site that offers escrow protection and just wants steal from you. 
260 same with the other mentioned sites they state that once payment received they will mail you the shipping information. 
260 hate say but you will waiting long time for that info. 
260 important keep and eye out with other sites using the same format. 
260 they are hosted pseudo organization called torshops. 
260 avoid all their sites all costs iphones for. 
260 onion just gonna say all these electronic stores are scams. 
260 never have seen legit ones. 
260 either they feed you line shit why they dont escrow and there are ones that offer fake escrow service. 
260 the sites with escrow accepted will usually send you link site you probably never heard and ask you depoist money and simply release when you get your item. 
260 sadly the electronic site most likely owns that escrow site and will just take the btc and avoid your emails. 
260 wont into lot detail but the self operated sites that sell guns and offer hitman services. 
260 they are all scams plain and simple. 
260 the solution just stick the established markets and use their escrow system. 
260 remember escrow the main line defense that protects you from losing your coin. 
260 scammers commercial marketsthis section will cover how spot and deal with rippers that use established markets host their scam. 
260 some them demand everything others will appear have outstanding feedback and there are even some that offer escrow too. 
260 here are the ways spot them and some tactics they use steal your coins. 
260 the first and easy ones spot are the brand new vendors site with reputation and off the bat request. 
260 they either sell great variety different products red flag great price hoping grab many customers possible. 
260 they have few big and expensive products and wait until someone takes the bait. 
260 when you spot these people question them why they dont accept escrow. 
260 the most common replies scammers give are they dont trust escrow btc too unpredictable. 
260 whatever excuse they give you just walk away. 
260 know thats killer deal they offer but wouldnt you rather peace mind there are plenty legit vendors that accept escrow. 
260 dont risk and with them. 
260 forgot mention always check their feedback and the forums find any reviews the vendor may have. 
260 this will give you better assurance whether not deal with the vendor. 
260 lot the time. 
260 you will find scammers with amazing feedback. 
260 how could this well they use the tactic called feedback stacking. 
260 this when scammer registers numerous buyer accounts and buy from themselves and leave amazing feedback. 
260 here what look for when spotting padded feedback numerous complete orders the same day price extremely low item was deleted same username same comments are used over and over again. 
260 example you have pandora login and check out this sellers profile note this not attack pandora was just example found. 
260 these are found every market. 
260 onion profile scroll all the way down and look the feedback long way down. 
260 sellers way hiding. 
260 this probably the most obvious padded feedback ever seen. 
260 some are more clever then that but they always slip showing pattern. 
260 youll notice when you come across. 
260 when you order from vendor and the item escrow make sure you note the shipping time. 
260 lot rippers will set short shipping time hoping that you wont notice that the order will auto finalize. 
260 just remember when funds are released whether after feing the order auto finalized the first thing that vendor will quickly withdraw the coin their wallet. 
260 now out the staffs hands recover your money. 
260 one final note careful when posting the wanted buyer request section markets forum. 
260 this where lot rip offs occur. 
260 you may get plenty pms from people who arent even vendor saying they can help you out. 
260 just remember tell them hell and wait for verified vendor reply. 
260 because you know whats gonna you decide follow through with that offer. 
260 well this what got far. 
260 pretty long winded know. 
260 please feel free ask question toss any extra info forgot discuss. 
260 stay safe out there everyone and remember that golden rule its too good true probably. 
261 from boogie may amshit man sorry for your loss thats crazy always thought they were verified. 
261 campbx has been around for long time too. 
261 fuckers mustve went rouge guess. 
261 verified den theives but really should have checked their rating before using them. 
262 from boogie may pmill damn. 
262 thanks for the warning. 
262 sorry that you had take loss with campbx hope wasnt too much. 
262 but you still did good thing warning the rest the community. 
262 was worth about grape bogglegum painful but not the end the world. 
262 consider that much bitcoin more valuable than the equivelant money since takes work and vig get the coins into clean wallet. 
262 anyway using blockchain. 
262 info wallet now thedude abides once again. 
263 shit man sorry for your loss thats crazy always thought they were verified. 
263 campbx has been around for long time too. 
263 fuckers mustve went rouge guess. 
264 thanks for the warning. 
264 sorry that you had take loss with campbx hope wasnt too much. 
264 but you still did good thing warning the rest the community. 
265 localbitcions great route. 
265 load moneypak vanilla card. 
265 look for trade. 
265 and you usually get your coin mins. 
265 just about quick depositing cash their bank account. 
265 sellers usually want ridiculous percentage for the moneypak. 
265 but hell its quick. 
265 sellers who accept are pretty light the. 
265 then you wont have worry about buying btc again. 
265 you just have worry about selling. 
266 geat info know. 
266 you can always order the polish iban cards that keep you anonymous. 
266 its always good know other alternatives all well. 
266 ive been searching for some. 
266 ready debit cards that are anonymous. 
266 the closest thing could find the target amex card and the readydebit. 
266 they still require information ssn but you can use someone elses. 
266 well its not considered fraud youre just borrowing and cashing out your own money right another site ive been researching downtime this one. 
266 euyou can get free online bank account and get reloadable vcc spend your money. 
266 they even accept bitcoin. 
266 you can put any fake information you want when registering and they never verify. 
266 they actually support anonymity. 
266 other words they are shady fuck lol. 
266 cannot vouch for them just yet then havent tested the vcc. 
266 but they will give you one free with balance you ever need number verify account ill keep yall posted interested. 
266 anywho thats all have for now. 
266 thanks again for the info. 
267 from antl may amtheres also method plan using once launches but plan launder all the btc then withdraw. 
267 com and theres chance this scam since they announced the btc convention newyork and hong kong granted they need your real information withdraw but that point its clean money shouldnt mattermore info. 
267 com news cryptex card debuts first global. 
267 ill definitely look into that. 
267 found another one well. 
267 this user bitcoin talk selling anonymous reload visa similar the polish ibans but would not tell anyone his source. 
267 which understand since that would ruin his business. 
267 unfortunately for him did reverse image search the cards was displaying and found where buying them from here. 
267 com the site located india and its half english and half hindi. 
267 thinking about buying some myself but little hesitant and need read some more reviews before making that jump. 
267 have you heard them before anyone for that matter. 
267 thanks again for the site. 
267 one more question. 
267 they need your real info order for them mail you your card. 
267 they need open account its for the mail got few methods set drop you need any help which you may already know but just case take easy. 
268 after reading about. 
268 gonna get one myself. 
269 from licketysplit may ami think that btc known for being anon friendly. 
269 yesprepaid perfect money card btc btc. 
270 from boogie may amgeat info know. 
270 you can always order the polish iban cards that keep you anonymous. 
270 its always good know other alternatives all well. 
270 ive been searching for some. 
270 ready debit cards that are anonymous. 
270 the closest thing could find the target amex card and the readydebit. 
270 they still require information ssn but you can use someone elses. 
270 well its not considered fraud youre just borrowing and cashing out your own money right another site ive been researching downtime this one. 
270 euyou can get free online bank account and get reloadable vcc spend your money. 
270 they even accept bitcoin. 
270 you can put any fake information you want when registering and they never verify. 
270 they actually support anonymity. 
270 other words they are shady fuck lol. 
270 cannot vouch for them just yet then havent tested the vcc. 
270 but they will give you one free with balance you ever need number verify account ill keep yall posted interested. 
270 anywho thats all have for now. 
270 thanks again for the info. 
270 theres also method plan using once launches but plan launder all the btc then withdraw. 
270 com and theres chance this scam since they announced the btc convention newyork and hong kong granted they need your real information withdraw but that point its clean money shouldnt mattermore info. 
270 com news cryptex card debuts first global. 
271 from boogie may pmquote from antl may amtheres also method plan using once launches but plan launder all the btc then withdraw. 
271 com and theres chance this scam since they announced the btc convention newyork and hong kong granted they need your real information withdraw but that point its clean money shouldnt mattermore info. 
271 com news cryptex card debuts first global. 
271 ill definitely look into that. 
271 found another one well. 
271 this user bitcoin talk selling anonymous reload visa similar the polish ibans but would not tell anyone his source. 
271 which understand since that would ruin his business. 
271 unfortunately for him did reverse image search the cards was displaying and found where buying them from here. 
271 com the site located india and its half english and half hindi. 
271 thinking about buying some myself but little hesitant and need read some more reviews before making that jump. 
271 have you heard them before anyone for that matter. 
271 thanks again for the site. 
271 one more question. 
271 they need your real info order for them mail you your card. 
271 they need open account its for the mail got few methods set drop you need any help which you may already know but just case take easy. 
271 unfortunately theyve stated that they wont allow anonymous usership which can understand seeing how easily exploitable might but still they need verify your identity order for you get card. 
272 this entire thread just took paranoia the next level holy shit. 
273 marketplace was down slow for about hours yesterday but all working expected now. 
273 great selection drugs child porn orpgp login available. 
273 onion register vzclxsvkkei could not find agora sub folder the first few pages that surprised. 
273 please merge mods missed. 
273 always use pgp for sensitive information. 
273 long live the community. 
273 karma can bitch but that what choose believe. 
274 this entire thread just took paranoia the next level holy shit. 
275 after reading about. 
275 gonna get one myself. 
276 from licketysplit may ami think that btc known for being anon friendly. 
276 yesprepaid perfect money card btc btc. 
277 from boogie may pmquote from antl may amtheres also method plan using once launches but plan launder all the btc then withdraw. 
277 com and theres chance this scam since they announced the btc convention newyork and hong kong granted they need your real information withdraw but that point its clean money shouldnt mattermore info. 
277 com news cryptex card debuts first global. 
277 ill definitely look into that. 
277 found another one well. 
277 this user bitcoin talk selling anonymous reload visa similar the polish ibans but would not tell anyone his source. 
277 which understand since that would ruin his business. 
277 unfortunately for him did reverse image search the cards was displaying and found where buying them from here. 
277 com the site located india and its half english and half hindi. 
277 thinking about buying some myself but little hesitant and need read some more reviews before making that jump. 
277 have you heard them before anyone for that matter. 
277 thanks again for the site. 
277 one more question. 
277 they need your real info order for them mail you your card. 
277 they need open account its for the mail got few methods set drop you need any help which you may already know but just case take easy. 
277 unfortunately theyve stated that they wont allow anonymous usership which can understand seeing how easily exploitable might but still they need verify your identity order for you get card. 
278 from boogie may amgeat info know. 
278 you can always order the polish iban cards that keep you anonymous. 
278 its always good know other alternatives all well. 
278 ive been searching for some. 
278 ready debit cards that are anonymous. 
278 the closest thing could find the target amex card and the readydebit. 
278 they still require information ssn but you can use someone elses. 
278 well its not considered fraud youre just borrowing and cashing out your own money right another site ive been researching downtime this one. 
278 euyou can get free online bank account and get reloadable vcc spend your money. 
278 they even accept bitcoin. 
278 you can put any fake information you want when registering and they never verify. 
278 they actually support anonymity. 
278 other words they are shady fuck lol. 
278 cannot vouch for them just yet then havent tested the vcc. 
278 but they will give you one free with balance you ever need number verify account ill keep yall posted interested. 
278 anywho thats all have for now. 
278 thanks again for the info. 
278 theres also method plan using once launches but plan launder all the btc then withdraw. 
278 com and theres chance this scam since they announced the btc convention newyork and hong kong granted they need your real information withdraw but that point its clean money shouldnt mattermore info. 
278 com news cryptex card debuts first global. 
279 from antl may amtheres also method plan using once launches but plan launder all the btc then withdraw. 
279 com and theres chance this scam since they announced the btc convention newyork and hong kong granted they need your real information withdraw but that point its clean money shouldnt mattermore info. 
279 com news cryptex card debuts first global. 
279 ill definitely look into that. 
279 found another one well. 
279 this user bitcoin talk selling anonymous reload visa similar the polish ibans but would not tell anyone his source. 
279 which understand since that would ruin his business. 
279 unfortunately for him did reverse image search the cards was displaying and found where buying them from here. 
279 com the site located india and its half english and half hindi. 
279 thinking about buying some myself but little hesitant and need read some more reviews before making that jump. 
279 have you heard them before anyone for that matter. 
279 thanks again for the site. 
279 one more question. 
279 they need your real info order for them mail you your card. 
279 they need open account its for the mail got few methods set drop you need any help which you may already know but just case take easy. 
280 geat info know. 
280 you can always order the polish iban cards that keep you anonymous. 
280 its always good know other alternatives all well. 
280 ive been searching for some. 
280 ready debit cards that are anonymous. 
280 the closest thing could find the target amex card and the readydebit. 
280 they still require information ssn but you can use someone elses. 
280 well its not considered fraud youre just borrowing and cashing out your own money right another site ive been researching downtime this one. 
280 euyou can get free online bank account and get reloadable vcc spend your money. 
280 they even accept bitcoin. 
280 you can put any fake information you want when registering and they never verify. 
280 they actually support anonymity. 
280 other words they are shady fuck lol. 
280 cannot vouch for them just yet then havent tested the vcc. 
280 but they will give you one free with balance you ever need number verify account ill keep yall posted interested. 
280 anywho thats all have for now. 
280 thanks again for the info. 
281 localbitcions great route. 
281 load moneypak vanilla card. 
281 look for trade. 
281 and you usually get your coin mins. 
281 just about quick depositing cash their bank account. 
281 sellers usually want ridiculous percentage for the moneypak. 
281 but hell its quick. 
281 sellers who accept are pretty light the. 
281 then you wont have worry about buying btc again. 
281 you just have worry about selling. 
282 thanks for the warning. 
282 sorry that you had take loss with campbx hope wasnt too much. 
282 but you still did good thing warning the rest the community. 
283 shit man sorry for your loss thats crazy always thought they were verified. 
283 campbx has been around for long time too. 
283 fuckers mustve went rouge guess. 
284 from boogie may pmill damn. 
284 thanks for the warning. 
284 sorry that you had take loss with campbx hope wasnt too much. 
284 but you still did good thing warning the rest the community. 
284 was worth about grape bogglegum painful but not the end the world. 
284 consider that much bitcoin more valuable than the equivelant money since takes work and vig get the coins into clean wallet. 
284 anyway using blockchain. 
284 info wallet now thedude abides once again. 
285 from boogie may amshit man sorry for your loss thats crazy always thought they were verified. 
285 campbx has been around for long time too. 
285 fuckers mustve went rouge guess. 
285 verified den theives but really should have checked their rating before using them. 
286 think that btc known for being anon friendly. 
287 during years tor have seen countless scam attempts and many sad faces those who were ripped off. 
287 here the deep web scammers will always exist plain and simple. 
287 matter how hard all try bust them down their presence will always remain. 
287 you will find them forums their own websites and throughout all major and established dark markets. 
287 now that all have accepted this sad issue lets discuss the many methods help prevent you from falling into this trap. 
287 first and foremost the number one rule when doing business the deep web always trust your instinct. 
287 sure all you heard this old saying before its too good true probably. 
287 know its very cliche but still holds lot merit. 
287 most scam victims fail follow this and with their impulses instead. 
287 they see product deal astounding price that they dont think anything else but having the items their hands. 
287 its like being hypnotized sense. 
287 dont worry not talking down anyone. 
287 its human nature follow with impulses. 
287 just remember that next time you see amazing deal think through and see this can realistic. 
287 now that covered the golden rule. 
287 now going discuss the different types scam methods that are present thought the deep web. 
287 please post left anything out you have any questions comments. 
287 the hidden wiki thw thw probably one the oldest sites still existance tor. 
287 more then likely one the first sites many people new tor visit. 
287 can quite amazing discovery seeing all the differnt businesses selling drugs weapons fraud items stolen electronics etc. 
287 for lack words its really awesome see that you now have access pretty much anything you want when you didnt prior setting tor. 
287 now the problem here that thw can moderated pretty much anyone who has registered account. 
287 some the nefarious hidden wiki staff are very aware the many new comers deep web. 
287 this why safe that just about every commercial site thw are scams. 
287 plan and simple. 
287 even legitimate and well known markets featured thw are more then likely phishing sites set steal your account information. 
287 long story short avoid the hidden wiki when searching for market links. 
287 example phishing site for. 
287 onion best way tell that the url obviously the wrong one. 
287 you need link market site visit the subreddit darknetmarkets. 
287 com darknetmarkets the deep dot web. 
287 these sites provide legitimate market links that are never altered. 
287 anyone knows any other sites new comers can use find legit links please toss them. 
287 non market commercial sitesjust like the ones listed thw pretty much all the small sites that sell products and services are all pretty much scams. 
287 the only exception are sites that operated established market vendors who are well recognized and can verified with their pgp. 
287 anyone needs help verifying someones pgp you are more then welcome message and ill glad help. 
287 plus there are few sites that catalog vendor pgps and offer verification well. 
287 ill show you some examples sites and how tell the are rippers. 
287 green notes counter. 
287 onion here site that sells counterfeit coins. 
287 sadly they not accept escrow and give the typical scammer reason that they not trust escrow sites. 
287 but for some ill logic reason its okay trust them. 
287 lol yeah right. 
287 double your btc. 
287 onion here site that promises return you the double amount btc you send them. 
287 lets think about this who earth will give you free money one thats who. 
287 they have such wonderful method doubling bitcoin then why would they share and not just keep themselves get rich well actually they have method for getting rich its stealing others coin. 
287 onion wow site that sells cloned debit cards with pin that you can just easily walk any atm and cash out. 
287 just like with the double your btc service who their right mind would give away free money why couldnt they just keep the cards and cash them out themselves these are the question you have ask and the true simple answer that they dont have any cards. 
287 they just want your coin and bolt. 
287 peoples drug store. 
287 onion just another rip off site that offers escrow protection and just wants steal from you. 
287 same with the other mentioned sites they state that once payment received they will mail you the shipping information. 
287 hate say but you will waiting long time for that info. 
287 important keep and eye out with other sites using the same format. 
287 they are hosted pseudo organization called torshops. 
287 avoid all their sites all costs iphones for. 
287 onion just gonna say all these electronic stores are scams. 
287 never have seen legit ones. 
287 either they feed you line shit why they dont escrow and there are ones that offer fake escrow service. 
287 the sites with escrow accepted will usually send you link site you probably never heard and ask you depoist money and simply release when you get your item. 
287 sadly the electronic site most likely owns that escrow site and will just take the btc and avoid your emails. 
287 wont into lot detail but the self operated sites that sell guns and offer hitman services. 
287 they are all scams plain and simple. 
287 the solution just stick the established markets and use their escrow system. 
287 remember escrow the main line defense that protects you from losing your coin. 
287 scammers commercial marketsthis section will cover how spot and deal with rippers that use established markets host their scam. 
287 some them demand everything others will appear have outstanding feedback and there are even some that offer escrow too. 
287 here are the ways spot them and some tactics they use steal your coins. 
287 the first and easy ones spot are the brand new vendors site with reputation and off the bat request. 
287 they either sell great variety different products red flag great price hoping grab many customers possible. 
287 they have few big and expensive products and wait until someone takes the bait. 
287 when you spot these people question them why they dont accept escrow. 
287 the most common replies scammers give are they dont trust escrow btc too unpredictable. 
287 whatever excuse they give you just walk away. 
287 know thats killer deal they offer but wouldnt you rather peace mind there are plenty legit vendors that accept escrow. 
287 dont risk and with them. 
287 forgot mention always check their feedback and the forums find any reviews the vendor may have. 
287 this will give you better assurance whether not deal with the vendor. 
287 lot the time. 
287 you will find scammers with amazing feedback. 
287 how could this well they use the tactic called feedback stacking. 
287 this when scammer registers numerous buyer accounts and buy from themselves and leave amazing feedback. 
287 here what look for when spotting padded feedback numerous complete orders the same day price extremely low item was deleted same username same comments are used over and over again. 
287 example you have pandora login and check out this sellers profile note this not attack pandora was just example found. 
287 these are found every market. 
287 onion profile scroll all the way down and look the feedback long way down. 
287 sellers way hiding. 
287 this probably the most obvious padded feedback ever seen. 
287 some are more clever then that but they always slip showing pattern. 
287 youll notice when you come across. 
287 when you order from vendor and the item escrow make sure you note the shipping time. 
287 lot rippers will set short shipping time hoping that you wont notice that the order will auto finalize. 
287 just remember when funds are released whether after feing the order auto finalized the first thing that vendor will quickly withdraw the coin their wallet. 
287 now out the staffs hands recover your money. 
287 one final note careful when posting the wanted buyer request section markets forum. 
287 this where lot rip offs occur. 
287 you may get plenty pms from people who arent even vendor saying they can help you out. 
287 just remember tell them hell and wait for verified vendor reply. 
287 because you know whats gonna you decide follow through with that offer. 
287 well this what got far. 
287 pretty long winded know. 
287 please feel free ask question toss any extra info forgot discuss. 
287 stay safe out there everyone and remember that golden rule its too good true probably. 
288 this entire thread just took paranoia the next level holy shit. 
289 marketplace was down slow for about hours yesterday but all working expected now. 
289 great selection drugs child porn orpgp login available. 
289 onion register vzclxsvkkei could not find agora sub folder the first few pages that surprised. 
289 please merge mods missed. 
289 always use pgp for sensitive information. 
289 long live the community. 
289 karma can bitch but that what choose believe. 
290 from donkeysausage may may growing pains and like trees have faith the market but can bit irritating times. 
290 you can say that last part again. 
290 its been source major frustration for late. 
291 during years tor have seen countless scam attempts and many sad faces those who were ripped off. 
291 here the deep web scammers will always exist plain and simple. 
291 matter how hard all try bust them down their presence will always remain. 
291 you will find them forums their own websites and throughout all major and established dark markets. 
291 now that all have accepted this sad issue lets discuss the many methods help prevent you from falling into this trap. 
291 first and foremost the number one rule when doing business the deep web always trust your instinct. 
291 sure all you heard this old saying before its too good true probably. 
291 know its very cliche but still holds lot merit. 
291 most scam victims fail follow this and with their impulses instead. 
291 they see product deal astounding price that they dont think anything else but having the items their hands. 
291 its like being hypnotized sense. 
291 dont worry not talking down anyone. 
291 its human nature follow with impulses. 
291 just remember that next time you see amazing deal think through and see this can realistic. 
291 now that covered the golden rule. 
291 now going discuss the different types scam methods that are present thought the deep web. 
291 please post left anything out you have any questions comments. 
291 the hidden wiki thw thw probably one the oldest sites still existance tor. 
291 more then likely one the first sites many people new tor visit. 
291 can quite amazing discovery seeing all the differnt businesses selling drugs weapons fraud items stolen electronics etc. 
291 for lack words its really awesome see that you now have access pretty much anything you want when you didnt prior setting tor. 
291 now the problem here that thw can moderated pretty much anyone who has registered account. 
291 some the nefarious hidden wiki staff are very aware the many new comers deep web. 
291 this why safe that just about every commercial site thw are scams. 
291 plan and simple. 
291 even legitimate and well known markets featured thw are more then likely phishing sites set steal your account information. 
291 long story short avoid the hidden wiki when searching for market links. 
291 example phishing site for. 
291 onion best way tell that the url obviously the wrong one. 
291 you need link market site visit the subreddit darknetmarkets. 
291 com darknetmarkets the deep dot web. 
291 these sites provide legitimate market links that are never altered. 
291 anyone knows any other sites new comers can use find legit links please toss them. 
291 non market commercial sitesjust like the ones listed thw pretty much all the small sites that sell products and services are all pretty much scams. 
291 the only exception are sites that operated established market vendors who are well recognized and can verified with their pgp. 
291 anyone needs help verifying someones pgp you are more then welcome message and ill glad help. 
291 plus there are few sites that catalog vendor pgps and offer verification well. 
291 ill show you some examples sites and how tell the are rippers. 
291 green notes counter. 
291 onion here site that sells counterfeit coins. 
291 sadly they not accept escrow and give the typical scammer reason that they not trust escrow sites. 
291 but for some ill logic reason its okay trust them. 
291 lol yeah right. 
291 double your btc. 
291 onion here site that promises return you the double amount btc you send them. 
291 lets think about this who earth will give you free money one thats who. 
291 they have such wonderful method doubling bitcoin then why would they share and not just keep themselves get rich well actually they have method for getting rich its stealing others coin. 
291 onion wow site that sells cloned debit cards with pin that you can just easily walk any atm and cash out. 
291 just like with the double your btc service who their right mind would give away free money why couldnt they just keep the cards and cash them out themselves these are the question you have ask and the true simple answer that they dont have any cards. 
291 they just want your coin and bolt. 
291 peoples drug store. 
291 onion just another rip off site that offers escrow protection and just wants steal from you. 
291 same with the other mentioned sites they state that once payment received they will mail you the shipping information. 
291 hate say but you will waiting long time for that info. 
291 important keep and eye out with other sites using the same format. 
291 they are hosted pseudo organization called torshops. 
291 avoid all their sites all costs iphones for. 
291 onion just gonna say all these electronic stores are scams. 
291 never have seen legit ones. 
291 either they feed you line shit why they dont escrow and there are ones that offer fake escrow service. 
291 the sites with escrow accepted will usually send you link site you probably never heard and ask you depoist money and simply release when you get your item. 
291 sadly the electronic site most likely owns that escrow site and will just take the btc and avoid your emails. 
291 wont into lot detail but the self operated sites that sell guns and offer hitman services. 
291 they are all scams plain and simple. 
291 the solution just stick the established markets and use their escrow system. 
291 remember escrow the main line defense that protects you from losing your coin. 
291 scammers commercial marketsthis section will cover how spot and deal with rippers that use established markets host their scam. 
291 some them demand everything others will appear have outstanding feedback and there are even some that offer escrow too. 
291 here are the ways spot them and some tactics they use steal your coins. 
291 the first and easy ones spot are the brand new vendors site with reputation and off the bat request. 
291 they either sell great variety different products red flag great price hoping grab many customers possible. 
291 they have few big and expensive products and wait until someone takes the bait. 
291 when you spot these people question them why they dont accept escrow. 
291 the most common replies scammers give are they dont trust escrow btc too unpredictable. 
291 whatever excuse they give you just walk away. 
291 know thats killer deal they offer but wouldnt you rather peace mind there are plenty legit vendors that accept escrow. 
291 dont risk and with them. 
291 forgot mention always check their feedback and the forums find any reviews the vendor may have. 
291 this will give you better assurance whether not deal with the vendor. 
291 lot the time. 
291 you will find scammers with amazing feedback. 
291 how could this well they use the tactic called feedback stacking. 
291 this when scammer registers numerous buyer accounts and buy from themselves and leave amazing feedback. 
291 here what look for when spotting padded feedback numerous complete orders the same day price extremely low item was deleted same username same comments are used over and over again. 
291 example you have pandora login and check out this sellers profile note this not attack pandora was just example found. 
291 these are found every market. 
291 onion profile scroll all the way down and look the feedback long way down. 
291 sellers way hiding. 
291 this probably the most obvious padded feedback ever seen. 
291 some are more clever then that but they always slip showing pattern. 
291 youll notice when you come across. 
291 when you order from vendor and the item escrow make sure you note the shipping time. 
291 lot rippers will set short shipping time hoping that you wont notice that the order will auto finalize. 
291 just remember when funds are released whether after feing the order auto finalized the first thing that vendor will quickly withdraw the coin their wallet. 
291 now out the staffs hands recover your money. 
291 one final note careful when posting the wanted buyer request section markets forum. 
291 this where lot rip offs occur. 
291 you may get plenty pms from people who arent even vendor saying they can help you out. 
291 just remember tell them hell and wait for verified vendor reply. 
291 because you know whats gonna you decide follow through with that offer. 
291 well this what got far. 
291 pretty long winded know. 
291 please feel free ask question toss any extra info forgot discuss. 
291 stay safe out there everyone and remember that golden rule its too good true probably. 
292 this entire thread just took paranoia the next level holy shit. 
293 marketplace was down slow for about hours yesterday but all working expected now. 
293 great selection drugs child porn orpgp login available. 
293 onion register vzclxsvkkei could not find agora sub folder the first few pages that surprised. 
293 please merge mods missed. 
293 always use pgp for sensitive information. 
293 long live the community. 
293 karma can bitch but that what choose believe. 
294 from donkeysausage may may growing pains and like trees have faith the market but can bit irritating times. 
294 you can say that last part again. 
294 its been source major frustration for late. 
295 thank you that really feels bad cause see bitmessage very good and secure way communicate. 
296 hello siblings sharing recent discovery with you all. 
296 youre into the economic and financial issues surrounding bitcoin then you may find this program particular interest. 
296 what its program dedicated real assets precious metals and commodities hence getreal its presented jan skoyles whos semi regular guest the keiser report. 
296 the initial episodes theres lots discussion about precious metals and bitcoin. 
296 particularly enjoyed the interview with the gold trader sayinghe thought bitcoin was tomorrows revolution happening today. 
296 and how right they touched the collapse the usd the worlds the precarious state bond markets around the world and the guest gold trader reckons theres going resumption the gold bull market. 
296 not goldman sachs continue manage the precious metal prices using paper contracts. 
296 jan skoyles should interview this program seems have created with the help and encouragement max keiser and stacy herbert the keiser report. 
296 youre not familiar with the keiser report you can find here. 
296 com shows keiser report have nice day. 
297 whoops forgot mention some ways catch scammers their pictures. 
297 here are two awesome sites use your disposal. 
297 google yes google. 
297 com imghp this can used for reverse image searching. 
297 have caught tons scammers this way. 
297 copy their posting and upload the picture. 
297 you will find where they stole the image they are claiming their product. 
297 com scans the metadata and does error level analysis. 
297 perfect for finding out they photo shopped that piece paper with their signature and date. 
297 hilarious when you see their reaction when you call them out ill post more when think them. 
297 sorry the shitty grammar the. 
297 its not forte. 
298 you havent read elseware agora awesome. 
298 many great vendors. 
298 onion register msly cnotffeel free with any questions. 
299 from zaphod may pmquote from timothy leary may pmok thank you that really feels bad cause see bitmessage very good and secure way communicate. 
299 peacein theory bitmessage secure that has yet established. 
299 you insist using bitmessage you might wish consider using the bitmessage gateway. 
299 were your shoes would pgp encrypt all messages prior sending them through bitmessage just case. 
299 bitmessage may turn out the best thing since sliced bread only time will tell. 
299 until know for sure that secure use caution and pgp encrypt all messages before submitting them bitmessage. 
299 why use bitmessage mail gateway with bitmessage. 
299 email address you not need set bitmessage client reach user bitmessage and anyone bitmessage can send you email directly from their bitmessage client. 
299 also since bitmessages expire two days and are deleted you can use bitmessage. 
299 while vacation and not miss any mail from your contacts bitmessage. 
299 bitmessage mail gateway free and run one the moderators the bitmessage forum. 
299 registration easy and anonymous. 
300 from timothy leary may pmok thank you that really feels bad cause see bitmessage very good and secure way communicate. 
300 peacein theory bitmessage secure that has yet established. 
300 you insist using bitmessage you might wish consider using the bitmessage gateway. 
300 were your shoes would pgp encrypt all messages prior sending them through bitmessage just case. 
300 bitmessage may turn out the best thing since sliced bread only time will tell. 
300 until know for sure that secure use caution and pgp encrypt all messages before submitting them bitmessage. 
301 bitcoin fog fine worries. 
302 the dude abides. 
303 personally love using cold storage wallets like electrum btc armory. 
303 they give you unlimited addys send and receive coins. 
303 plus for extra protection you can encrypt and store virtual box. 
303 btc worth thought. 
304 hello siblings sharing recent discovery with you all. 
304 youre into the economic and financial issues surrounding bitcoin then you may find this program particular interest. 
304 what its program dedicated real assets precious metals and commodities hence getreal its presented jan skoyles whos semi regular guest the keiser report. 
304 the initial episodes theres lots discussion about precious metals and bitcoin. 
304 particularly enjoyed the interview with the gold trader sayinghe thought bitcoin was tomorrows revolution happening today. 
304 and how right they touched the collapse the usd the worlds the precarious state bond markets around the world and the guest gold trader reckons theres going resumption the gold bull market. 
304 not goldman sachs continue manage the precious metal prices using paper contracts. 
304 jan skoyles should interview this program seems have created with the help and encouragement max keiser and stacy herbert the keiser report. 
304 youre not familiar with the keiser report you can find here. 
304 com shows keiser report have nice day. 
305 the dude abides. 
306 whoops forgot mention some ways catch scammers their pictures. 
306 here are two awesome sites use your disposal. 
306 google yes google. 
306 com imghp this can used for reverse image searching. 
306 have caught tons scammers this way. 
306 copy their posting and upload the picture. 
306 you will find where they stole the image they are claiming their product. 
306 com scans the metadata and does error level analysis. 
306 perfect for finding out they photo shopped that piece paper with their signature and date. 
306 hilarious when you see their reaction when you call them out ill post more when think them. 
306 sorry the shitty grammar the. 
306 its not forte. 
307 from zaphod may pmquote from timothy leary may pmok thank you that really feels bad cause see bitmessage very good and secure way communicate. 
307 peacein theory bitmessage secure that has yet established. 
307 you insist using bitmessage you might wish consider using the bitmessage gateway. 
307 were your shoes would pgp encrypt all messages prior sending them through bitmessage just case. 
307 bitmessage may turn out the best thing since sliced bread only time will tell. 
307 until know for sure that secure use caution and pgp encrypt all messages before submitting them bitmessage. 
307 why use bitmessage mail gateway with bitmessage. 
307 email address you not need set bitmessage client reach user bitmessage and anyone bitmessage can send you email directly from their bitmessage client. 
307 also since bitmessages expire two days and are deleted you can use bitmessage. 
307 while vacation and not miss any mail from your contacts bitmessage. 
307 bitmessage mail gateway free and run one the moderators the bitmessage forum. 
307 registration easy and anonymous. 
308 from timothy leary may pmok thank you that really feels bad cause see bitmessage very good and secure way communicate. 
308 peacein theory bitmessage secure that has yet established. 
308 you insist using bitmessage you might wish consider using the bitmessage gateway. 
308 were your shoes would pgp encrypt all messages prior sending them through bitmessage just case. 
308 bitmessage may turn out the best thing since sliced bread only time will tell. 
308 until know for sure that secure use caution and pgp encrypt all messages before submitting them bitmessage. 
309 format wont delete data matter usb whatever. 
310 from owockeznan april amon flash based memory either you have hope the controller supports the ata secure erase command correctly most not you have blank the entire thing with. 
310 you cant run shred anything like that flash system. 
310 this paper may prove interesting and speaks more the subject. 
310 org legacy events fast tech full papers wei. 
310 pdfthis why would either encrypt the entire partition with the info because encrypted data should look just like normal random data use program encrypt all before its disk. 
310 you really need work document temporarily you want mount partition loopback device memory. 
310 owock thanks for posting the wei. 
310 youve lead very productive path. 
310 from what can gather there way wipe shred single file held usb flash drive. 
310 the original deleted file remains the medium. 
310 you cant see because its not listed but remains situand unless the usb drive very full probably tact too. 
310 there are lots tools out there that take advantage this fact allowing you recover deleted files from flash drives. 
310 here are two free ones that tried. 
310 deleted files recovery. 
310 has nice interface. 
310 but only seems show you recently created deleted files. 
310 cardrecovery really excellent much better than recuva. 
310 performs seemingly exhaustive scan. 
310 what did have usb key that been preparing receive gpg usb. 
310 some days ago emptied the usb key copying its content another drive and deleting each file. 
310 then cleaned the usb putting two partitions and formatting them individually. 
310 one with fat the other with ext. 
310 when ran cardrecovery the ostensibly clean fat partitioni was shocked the number files all types that found there. 
310 there were and files. 
310 the videos did the files tested. 
310 some those files must have been there for over months. 
310 they have survived deletion and disc partitioning and disc formatting. 
310 also found decrypted and raw messages that recently deletedafter testing the command line gpg. 
310 that ships with gpg usb. 
310 having played with the cardrecovery program its crystal clearto now that files are not actually deleted from usb key theyre simply removed from the directory listing. 
310 presumably when leo confiscates your phone laptop computer usb keyand inspects the media for evidence they use some program like cardrecovery see history virtually everything you havebeen doing. 
310 did some further tests encrypting and compressing gpg usband secret encryption messages using zip. 
310 and deleting the originals. 
310 now you might imagine this process compressing and encrypting yoursecret messages would nice stealthy way hiding any incriminating evidence. 
310 the original secret messages are still there their pristine encrypted and decrypted formats. 
310 when you create the file you simply add newfile the total files held the medium. 
310 every time you use your usb key youre simply accumulating historyof your activities the usb drive. 
310 this important because several usb keys ship within encryption software the called encryption vaults. 
310 youre invited believe that storingfiles this vault will keep them safe from prying eyes. 
310 father would say. 
310 you store file your usb drive and then run the encryption vaultthe software will encrypt and delete the original thats true. 
310 but theoriginal isnt deleted. 
310 its effectively doing the same thing that didwith zip encryption and compression experiment mentioned above. 
310 presumably recognition this that some prefer use wholedrive encryption. 
310 however even here usb stick steady historyof your activities accumulates the usb drive. 
310 you decrypt the disk you will presumably find data images all the files youve previously deleted just occurs the unencrypted usb drive scenario. 
310 the only apparent solution this history activity problem seems sanitize the entire usb drive. 
310 but that seems little excessive. 
310 suppose the simplest solution would never use the usb drive for message storage. 
310 use only for application execution. 
310 perhaps you could set the permissions the usb drive read and execute but not write everywhere except the directoryin which your pubring secring gpg. 
310 conf files reside. 
310 you run the encryption software off the usb drive. 
310 but you keep the encryption messages the host machine. 
310 when youre done you encrypt all the data you want take withyou and copy the usb drive same folder pubring secring gpg. 
310 you then should use something like wipe shred the files you want delete your working directory the host machine. 
310 the big lesson for from all this longer rely file. 
310 txt del file. 
310 txt commands delete files whether regular magnetic discs usb drives. 
310 now understand the need shred wipe sdelete them. 
310 perhaps aliasing the command would good idea. 
310 ive just been reading that windows you can use sdelete which comes with the sys internals package anyone knows other good windows utilities. 
310 feel free mention have nice day. 
310 thanks again owock. 
311 you havent read elseware agora awesome. 
311 many great vendors. 
311 onion register msly cnotffeel free with any questions. 
312 personally love using cold storage wallets like electrum btc armory. 
312 they give you unlimited addys send and receive coins. 
312 plus for extra protection you can encrypt and store virtual box. 
312 btc worth thought. 
313 bitcoin fog fine worries. 
314 thank you that really feels bad cause see bitmessage very good and secure way communicate. 
315 hello siblings sharing recent discovery with you all. 
315 youre into the economic and financial issues surrounding bitcoin then you may find this program particular interest. 
315 what its program dedicated real assets precious metals and commodities hence getreal its presented jan skoyles whos semi regular guest the keiser report. 
315 the initial episodes theres lots discussion about precious metals and bitcoin. 
315 particularly enjoyed the interview with the gold trader sayinghe thought bitcoin was tomorrows revolution happening today. 
315 and how right they touched the collapse the usd the worlds the precarious state bond markets around the world and the guest gold trader reckons theres going resumption the gold bull market. 
315 not goldman sachs continue manage the precious metal prices using paper contracts. 
315 jan skoyles should interview this program seems have created with the help and encouragement max keiser and stacy herbert the keiser report. 
315 youre not familiar with the keiser report you can find here. 
315 com shows keiser report have nice day. 
316 format wont delete data matter usb whatever. 
317 whoops forgot mention some ways catch scammers their pictures. 
317 here are two awesome sites use your disposal. 
317 google yes google. 
317 com imghp this can used for reverse image searching. 
317 have caught tons scammers this way. 
317 copy their posting and upload the picture. 
317 you will find where they stole the image they are claiming their product. 
317 com scans the metadata and does error level analysis. 
317 perfect for finding out they photo shopped that piece paper with their signature and date. 
317 hilarious when you see their reaction when you call them out ill post more when think them. 
317 sorry the shitty grammar the. 
317 its not forte. 
318 the dude abides. 
319 personally love using cold storage wallets like electrum btc armory. 
319 they give you unlimited addys send and receive coins. 
319 plus for extra protection you can encrypt and store virtual box. 
319 btc worth thought. 
320 format wont delete data matter usb whatever. 
321 from owockeznan april amon flash based memory either you have hope the controller supports the ata secure erase command correctly most not you have blank the entire thing with. 
321 you cant run shred anything like that flash system. 
321 this paper may prove interesting and speaks more the subject. 
321 org legacy events fast tech full papers wei. 
321 pdfthis why would either encrypt the entire partition with the info because encrypted data should look just like normal random data use program encrypt all before its disk. 
321 you really need work document temporarily you want mount partition loopback device memory. 
321 owock thanks for posting the wei. 
321 youve lead very productive path. 
321 from what can gather there way wipe shred single file held usb flash drive. 
321 the original deleted file remains the medium. 
321 you cant see because its not listed but remains situand unless the usb drive very full probably tact too. 
321 there are lots tools out there that take advantage this fact allowing you recover deleted files from flash drives. 
321 here are two free ones that tried. 
321 deleted files recovery. 
321 has nice interface. 
321 but only seems show you recently created deleted files. 
321 cardrecovery really excellent much better than recuva. 
321 performs seemingly exhaustive scan. 
321 what did have usb key that been preparing receive gpg usb. 
321 some days ago emptied the usb key copying its content another drive and deleting each file. 
321 then cleaned the usb putting two partitions and formatting them individually. 
321 one with fat the other with ext. 
321 when ran cardrecovery the ostensibly clean fat partitioni was shocked the number files all types that found there. 
321 there were and files. 
321 the videos did the files tested. 
321 some those files must have been there for over months. 
321 they have survived deletion and disc partitioning and disc formatting. 
321 also found decrypted and raw messages that recently deletedafter testing the command line gpg. 
321 that ships with gpg usb. 
321 having played with the cardrecovery program its crystal clearto now that files are not actually deleted from usb key theyre simply removed from the directory listing. 
321 presumably when leo confiscates your phone laptop computer usb keyand inspects the media for evidence they use some program like cardrecovery see history virtually everything you havebeen doing. 
321 did some further tests encrypting and compressing gpg usband secret encryption messages using zip. 
321 and deleting the originals. 
321 now you might imagine this process compressing and encrypting yoursecret messages would nice stealthy way hiding any incriminating evidence. 
321 the original secret messages are still there their pristine encrypted and decrypted formats. 
321 when you create the file you simply add newfile the total files held the medium. 
321 every time you use your usb key youre simply accumulating historyof your activities the usb drive. 
321 this important because several usb keys ship within encryption software the called encryption vaults. 
321 youre invited believe that storingfiles this vault will keep them safe from prying eyes. 
321 father would say. 
321 you store file your usb drive and then run the encryption vaultthe software will encrypt and delete the original thats true. 
321 but theoriginal isnt deleted. 
321 its effectively doing the same thing that didwith zip encryption and compression experiment mentioned above. 
321 presumably recognition this that some prefer use wholedrive encryption. 
321 however even here usb stick steady historyof your activities accumulates the usb drive. 
321 you decrypt the disk you will presumably find data images all the files youve previously deleted just occurs the unencrypted usb drive scenario. 
321 the only apparent solution this history activity problem seems sanitize the entire usb drive. 
321 but that seems little excessive. 
321 suppose the simplest solution would never use the usb drive for message storage. 
321 use only for application execution. 
321 perhaps you could set the permissions the usb drive read and execute but not write everywhere except the directoryin which your pubring secring gpg. 
321 conf files reside. 
321 you run the encryption software off the usb drive. 
321 but you keep the encryption messages the host machine. 
321 when youre done you encrypt all the data you want take withyou and copy the usb drive same folder pubring secring gpg. 
321 you then should use something like wipe shred the files you want delete your working directory the host machine. 
321 the big lesson for from all this longer rely file. 
321 txt del file. 
321 txt commands delete files whether regular magnetic discs usb drives. 
321 now understand the need shred wipe sdelete them. 
321 perhaps aliasing the command would good idea. 
321 ive just been reading that windows you can use sdelete which comes with the sys internals package anyone knows other good windows utilities. 
321 feel free mention have nice day. 
321 thanks again owock. 
322 thank you that really feels bad cause see bitmessage very good and secure way communicate. 
323 hello siblings sharing recent discovery with you all. 
323 youre into the economic and financial issues surrounding bitcoin then you may find this program particular interest. 
323 what its program dedicated real assets precious metals and commodities hence getreal its presented jan skoyles whos semi regular guest the keiser report. 
323 the initial episodes theres lots discussion about precious metals and bitcoin. 
323 particularly enjoyed the interview with the gold trader sayinghe thought bitcoin was tomorrows revolution happening today. 
323 and how right they touched the collapse the usd the worlds the precarious state bond markets around the world and the guest gold trader reckons theres going resumption the gold bull market. 
323 not goldman sachs continue manage the precious metal prices using paper contracts. 
323 jan skoyles should interview this program seems have created with the help and encouragement max keiser and stacy herbert the keiser report. 
323 youre not familiar with the keiser report you can find here. 
323 com shows keiser report have nice day. 
324 you havent read elseware agora awesome. 
324 many great vendors. 
324 onion register msly cnotffeel free with any questions. 
325 the dude abides. 
326 whoops forgot mention some ways catch scammers their pictures. 
326 here are two awesome sites use your disposal. 
326 google yes google. 
326 com imghp this can used for reverse image searching. 
326 have caught tons scammers this way. 
326 copy their posting and upload the picture. 
326 you will find where they stole the image they are claiming their product. 
326 com scans the metadata and does error level analysis. 
326 perfect for finding out they photo shopped that piece paper with their signature and date. 
326 hilarious when you see their reaction when you call them out ill post more when think them. 
326 sorry the shitty grammar the. 
326 its not forte. 
327 from zaphod may pmquote from timothy leary may pmok thank you that really feels bad cause see bitmessage very good and secure way communicate. 
327 peacein theory bitmessage secure that has yet established. 
327 you insist using bitmessage you might wish consider using the bitmessage gateway. 
327 were your shoes would pgp encrypt all messages prior sending them through bitmessage just case. 
327 bitmessage may turn out the best thing since sliced bread only time will tell. 
327 until know for sure that secure use caution and pgp encrypt all messages before submitting them bitmessage. 
327 why use bitmessage mail gateway with bitmessage. 
327 email address you not need set bitmessage client reach user bitmessage and anyone bitmessage can send you email directly from their bitmessage client. 
327 also since bitmessages expire two days and are deleted you can use bitmessage. 
327 while vacation and not miss any mail from your contacts bitmessage. 
327 bitmessage mail gateway free and run one the moderators the bitmessage forum. 
327 registration easy and anonymous. 
328 from timothy leary may pmok thank you that really feels bad cause see bitmessage very good and secure way communicate. 
328 peacein theory bitmessage secure that has yet established. 
328 you insist using bitmessage you might wish consider using the bitmessage gateway. 
328 were your shoes would pgp encrypt all messages prior sending them through bitmessage just case. 
328 bitmessage may turn out the best thing since sliced bread only time will tell. 
328 until know for sure that secure use caution and pgp encrypt all messages before submitting them bitmessage. 
329 format wont delete data matter usb whatever. 
330 from owockeznan april amon flash based memory either you have hope the controller supports the ata secure erase command correctly most not you have blank the entire thing with. 
330 you cant run shred anything like that flash system. 
330 this paper may prove interesting and speaks more the subject. 
330 org legacy events fast tech full papers wei. 
330 pdfthis why would either encrypt the entire partition with the info because encrypted data should look just like normal random data use program encrypt all before its disk. 
330 you really need work document temporarily you want mount partition loopback device memory. 
330 owock thanks for posting the wei. 
330 youve lead very productive path. 
330 from what can gather there way wipe shred single file held usb flash drive. 
330 the original deleted file remains the medium. 
330 you cant see because its not listed but remains situand unless the usb drive very full probably tact too. 
330 there are lots tools out there that take advantage this fact allowing you recover deleted files from flash drives. 
330 here are two free ones that tried. 
330 deleted files recovery. 
330 has nice interface. 
330 but only seems show you recently created deleted files. 
330 cardrecovery really excellent much better than recuva. 
330 performs seemingly exhaustive scan. 
330 what did have usb key that been preparing receive gpg usb. 
330 some days ago emptied the usb key copying its content another drive and deleting each file. 
330 then cleaned the usb putting two partitions and formatting them individually. 
330 one with fat the other with ext. 
330 when ran cardrecovery the ostensibly clean fat partitioni was shocked the number files all types that found there. 
330 there were and files. 
330 the videos did the files tested. 
330 some those files must have been there for over months. 
330 they have survived deletion and disc partitioning and disc formatting. 
330 also found decrypted and raw messages that recently deletedafter testing the command line gpg. 
330 that ships with gpg usb. 
330 having played with the cardrecovery program its crystal clearto now that files are not actually deleted from usb key theyre simply removed from the directory listing. 
330 presumably when leo confiscates your phone laptop computer usb keyand inspects the media for evidence they use some program like cardrecovery see history virtually everything you havebeen doing. 
330 did some further tests encrypting and compressing gpg usband secret encryption messages using zip. 
330 and deleting the originals. 
330 now you might imagine this process compressing and encrypting yoursecret messages would nice stealthy way hiding any incriminating evidence. 
330 the original secret messages are still there their pristine encrypted and decrypted formats. 
330 when you create the file you simply add newfile the total files held the medium. 
330 every time you use your usb key youre simply accumulating historyof your activities the usb drive. 
330 this important because several usb keys ship within encryption software the called encryption vaults. 
330 youre invited believe that storingfiles this vault will keep them safe from prying eyes. 
330 father would say. 
330 you store file your usb drive and then run the encryption vaultthe software will encrypt and delete the original thats true. 
330 but theoriginal isnt deleted. 
330 its effectively doing the same thing that didwith zip encryption and compression experiment mentioned above. 
330 presumably recognition this that some prefer use wholedrive encryption. 
330 however even here usb stick steady historyof your activities accumulates the usb drive. 
330 you decrypt the disk you will presumably find data images all the files youve previously deleted just occurs the unencrypted usb drive scenario. 
330 the only apparent solution this history activity problem seems sanitize the entire usb drive. 
330 but that seems little excessive. 
330 suppose the simplest solution would never use the usb drive for message storage. 
330 use only for application execution. 
330 perhaps you could set the permissions the usb drive read and execute but not write everywhere except the directoryin which your pubring secring gpg. 
330 conf files reside. 
330 you run the encryption software off the usb drive. 
330 but you keep the encryption messages the host machine. 
330 when youre done you encrypt all the data you want take withyou and copy the usb drive same folder pubring secring gpg. 
330 you then should use something like wipe shred the files you want delete your working directory the host machine. 
330 the big lesson for from all this longer rely file. 
330 txt del file. 
330 txt commands delete files whether regular magnetic discs usb drives. 
330 now understand the need shred wipe sdelete them. 
330 perhaps aliasing the command would good idea. 
330 ive just been reading that windows you can use sdelete which comes with the sys internals package anyone knows other good windows utilities. 
330 feel free mention have nice day. 
330 thanks again owock. 
331 you havent read elseware agora awesome. 
331 many great vendors. 
331 onion register msly cnotffeel free with any questions. 
332 personally love using cold storage wallets like electrum btc armory. 
332 they give you unlimited addys send and receive coins. 
332 plus for extra protection you can encrypt and store virtual box. 
332 btc worth thought. 
333 bitcoin fog fine worries. 
334 thank you that really feels bad cause see bitmessage very good and secure way communicate. 
335 hello siblings sharing recent discovery with you all. 
335 youre into the economic and financial issues surrounding bitcoin then you may find this program particular interest. 
335 what its program dedicated real assets precious metals and commodities hence getreal its presented jan skoyles whos semi regular guest the keiser report. 
335 the initial episodes theres lots discussion about precious metals and bitcoin. 
335 particularly enjoyed the interview with the gold trader sayinghe thought bitcoin was tomorrows revolution happening today. 
335 and how right they touched the collapse the usd the worlds the precarious state bond markets around the world and the guest gold trader reckons theres going resumption the gold bull market. 
335 not goldman sachs continue manage the precious metal prices using paper contracts. 
335 jan skoyles should interview this program seems have created with the help and encouragement max keiser and stacy herbert the keiser report. 
335 youre not familiar with the keiser report you can find here. 
335 com shows keiser report have nice day. 
336 whoops forgot mention some ways catch scammers their pictures. 
336 here are two awesome sites use your disposal. 
336 google yes google. 
336 com imghp this can used for reverse image searching. 
336 have caught tons scammers this way. 
336 copy their posting and upload the picture. 
336 you will find where they stole the image they are claiming their product. 
336 com scans the metadata and does error level analysis. 
336 perfect for finding out they photo shopped that piece paper with their signature and date. 
336 hilarious when you see their reaction when you call them out ill post more when think them. 
336 sorry the shitty grammar the. 
336 its not forte. 
337 from zaphod may pmquote from timothy leary may pmok thank you that really feels bad cause see bitmessage very good and secure way communicate. 
337 peacein theory bitmessage secure that has yet established. 
337 you insist using bitmessage you might wish consider using the bitmessage gateway. 
337 were your shoes would pgp encrypt all messages prior sending them through bitmessage just case. 
337 bitmessage may turn out the best thing since sliced bread only time will tell. 
337 until know for sure that secure use caution and pgp encrypt all messages before submitting them bitmessage. 
337 why use bitmessage mail gateway with bitmessage. 
337 email address you not need set bitmessage client reach user bitmessage and anyone bitmessage can send you email directly from their bitmessage client. 
337 also since bitmessages expire two days and are deleted you can use bitmessage. 
337 while vacation and not miss any mail from your contacts bitmessage. 
337 bitmessage mail gateway free and run one the moderators the bitmessage forum. 
337 registration easy and anonymous. 
338 from timothy leary may pmok thank you that really feels bad cause see bitmessage very good and secure way communicate. 
338 peacein theory bitmessage secure that has yet established. 
338 you insist using bitmessage you might wish consider using the bitmessage gateway. 
338 were your shoes would pgp encrypt all messages prior sending them through bitmessage just case. 
338 bitmessage may turn out the best thing since sliced bread only time will tell. 
338 until know for sure that secure use caution and pgp encrypt all messages before submitting them bitmessage. 
339 format wont delete data matter usb whatever. 
340 from owockeznan april amon flash based memory either you have hope the controller supports the ata secure erase command correctly most not you have blank the entire thing with. 
340 you cant run shred anything like that flash system. 
340 this paper may prove interesting and speaks more the subject. 
340 org legacy events fast tech full papers wei. 
340 pdfthis why would either encrypt the entire partition with the info because encrypted data should look just like normal random data use program encrypt all before its disk. 
340 you really need work document temporarily you want mount partition loopback device memory. 
340 owock thanks for posting the wei. 
340 youve lead very productive path. 
340 from what can gather there way wipe shred single file held usb flash drive. 
340 the original deleted file remains the medium. 
340 you cant see because its not listed but remains situand unless the usb drive very full probably tact too. 
340 there are lots tools out there that take advantage this fact allowing you recover deleted files from flash drives. 
340 here are two free ones that tried. 
340 deleted files recovery. 
340 has nice interface. 
340 but only seems show you recently created deleted files. 
340 cardrecovery really excellent much better than recuva. 
340 performs seemingly exhaustive scan. 
340 what did have usb key that been preparing receive gpg usb. 
340 some days ago emptied the usb key copying its content another drive and deleting each file. 
340 then cleaned the usb putting two partitions and formatting them individually. 
340 one with fat the other with ext. 
340 when ran cardrecovery the ostensibly clean fat partitioni was shocked the number files all types that found there. 
340 there were and files. 
340 the videos did the files tested. 
340 some those files must have been there for over months. 
340 they have survived deletion and disc partitioning and disc formatting. 
340 also found decrypted and raw messages that recently deletedafter testing the command line gpg. 
340 that ships with gpg usb. 
340 having played with the cardrecovery program its crystal clearto now that files are not actually deleted from usb key theyre simply removed from the directory listing. 
340 presumably when leo confiscates your phone laptop computer usb keyand inspects the media for evidence they use some program like cardrecovery see history virtually everything you havebeen doing. 
340 did some further tests encrypting and compressing gpg usband secret encryption messages using zip. 
340 and deleting the originals. 
340 now you might imagine this process compressing and encrypting yoursecret messages would nice stealthy way hiding any incriminating evidence. 
340 the original secret messages are still there their pristine encrypted and decrypted formats. 
340 when you create the file you simply add newfile the total files held the medium. 
340 every time you use your usb key youre simply accumulating historyof your activities the usb drive. 
340 this important because several usb keys ship within encryption software the called encryption vaults. 
340 youre invited believe that storingfiles this vault will keep them safe from prying eyes. 
340 father would say. 
340 you store file your usb drive and then run the encryption vaultthe software will encrypt and delete the original thats true. 
340 but theoriginal isnt deleted. 
340 its effectively doing the same thing that didwith zip encryption and compression experiment mentioned above. 
340 presumably recognition this that some prefer use wholedrive encryption. 
340 however even here usb stick steady historyof your activities accumulates the usb drive. 
340 you decrypt the disk you will presumably find data images all the files youve previously deleted just occurs the unencrypted usb drive scenario. 
340 the only apparent solution this history activity problem seems sanitize the entire usb drive. 
340 but that seems little excessive. 
340 suppose the simplest solution would never use the usb drive for message storage. 
340 use only for application execution. 
340 perhaps you could set the permissions the usb drive read and execute but not write everywhere except the directoryin which your pubring secring gpg. 
340 conf files reside. 
340 you run the encryption software off the usb drive. 
340 but you keep the encryption messages the host machine. 
340 when youre done you encrypt all the data you want take withyou and copy the usb drive same folder pubring secring gpg. 
340 you then should use something like wipe shred the files you want delete your working directory the host machine. 
340 the big lesson for from all this longer rely file. 
340 txt del file. 
340 txt commands delete files whether regular magnetic discs usb drives. 
340 now understand the need shred wipe sdelete them. 
340 perhaps aliasing the command would good idea. 
340 ive just been reading that windows you can use sdelete which comes with the sys internals package anyone knows other good windows utilities. 
340 feel free mention have nice day. 
340 thanks again owock. 
341 you havent read elseware agora awesome. 
341 many great vendors. 
341 onion register msly cnotffeel free with any questions. 
342 personally love using cold storage wallets like electrum btc armory. 
342 they give you unlimited addys send and receive coins. 
342 plus for extra protection you can encrypt and store virtual box. 
342 btc worth thought. 
343 bitcoin fog fine worries. 
344 thank you that really feels bad cause see bitmessage very good and secure way communicate. 
345 hello siblings sharing recent discovery with you all. 
345 youre into the economic and financial issues surrounding bitcoin then you may find this program particular interest. 
345 what its program dedicated real assets precious metals and commodities hence getreal its presented jan skoyles whos semi regular guest the keiser report. 
345 the initial episodes theres lots discussion about precious metals and bitcoin. 
345 particularly enjoyed the interview with the gold trader sayinghe thought bitcoin was tomorrows revolution happening today. 
345 and how right they touched the collapse the usd the worlds the precarious state bond markets around the world and the guest gold trader reckons theres going resumption the gold bull market. 
345 not goldman sachs continue manage the precious metal prices using paper contracts. 
345 jan skoyles should interview this program seems have created with the help and encouragement max keiser and stacy herbert the keiser report. 
345 youre not familiar with the keiser report you can find here. 
345 com shows keiser report have nice day. 
346 have agree with others. 
346 agora has impressed with their responsiveness the very few issues ive had. 
346 hop board you havent already. 
346 onion register aln. 
347 why stay market thats full scams and rogue vendors come over blue sky where your coins can safely stay escrow. 
347 willgaines vendor cocaine. 
347 specials going right now. 
348 all have recently started seller account bsm. 
348 good quality and low prices. 
348 from usa usa only. 
348 what have please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
349 from whom february amanybody still interested doing this lets. 
350 down and also have access some articles that the general public doesnt. 
350 ill have look through archives for relevant stuff. 
351 the new deepweb search engine called grams integrates all the major dark markets into simple use search engine for all customers. 
351 this great way for one find what they need with simple click button. 
351 evolution proud part the grams project where customers can now search our markets vendor offers with ease. 
351 would like thank grams for the opportunity participate their site. 
351 here their site you wish check out. 
351 onion resultsmuch love grams. 
352 from akitkat april amall wise advice above. 
352 all can say live linux distro vpn and tor bridge tor winning bonus points for using most recent tor beta vpn virtualbox tor vpnive had easier luck with this method. 
353 all have recently started seller account bsm. 
353 good quality and low prices. 
353 from usa usa only. 
353 what have please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
354 the new deepweb search engine called grams integrates all the major dark markets into simple use search engine for all customers. 
354 this great way for one find what they need with simple click button. 
354 evolution proud part the grams project where customers can now search our markets vendor offers with ease. 
354 would like thank grams for the opportunity participate their site. 
354 here their site you wish check out. 
354 onion resultsmuch love grams. 
355 all have recently started seller account bsm. 
355 good quality and low prices. 
355 from usa usa only. 
355 what have please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
356 down and also have access some articles that the general public doesnt. 
356 ill have look through archives for relevant stuff. 
357 from akitkat april amall wise advice above. 
357 all can say live linux distro vpn and tor bridge tor winning bonus points for using most recent tor beta vpn virtualbox tor vpnive had easier luck with this method. 
358 from whom february amanybody still interested doing this lets. 
359 have agree with others. 
359 agora has impressed with their responsiveness the very few issues ive had. 
359 hop board you havent already. 
359 onion register aln. 
360 why stay market thats full scams and rogue vendors come over blue sky where your coins can safely stay escrow. 
360 willgaines vendor cocaine. 
360 specials going right now. 
361 all have recently started seller account bsm. 
361 good quality and low prices. 
361 from usa usa only. 
361 what have please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
362 from akitkat april amall wise advice above. 
362 all can say live linux distro vpn and tor bridge tor winning bonus points for using most recent tor beta vpn virtualbox tor vpnive had easier luck with this method. 
363 the new deepweb search engine called grams integrates all the major dark markets into simple use search engine for all customers. 
363 this great way for one find what they need with simple click button. 
363 evolution proud part the grams project where customers can now search our markets vendor offers with ease. 
363 would like thank grams for the opportunity participate their site. 
363 here their site you wish check out. 
363 onion resultsmuch love grams. 
364 have agree with others. 
364 agora has impressed with their responsiveness the very few issues ive had. 
364 hop board you havent already. 
364 onion register aln. 
365 why stay market thats full scams and rogue vendors come over blue sky where your coins can safely stay escrow. 
365 willgaines vendor cocaine. 
365 specials going right now. 
366 the new deepweb search engine called grams integrates all the major dark markets into simple use search engine for all customers. 
366 this great way for one find what they need with simple click button. 
366 evolution proud part the grams project where customers can now search our markets vendor offers with ease. 
366 would like thank grams for the opportunity participate their site. 
366 here their site you wish check out. 
366 onion resultsmuch love grams. 
367 all have recently started seller account bsm. 
367 good quality and low prices. 
367 from usa usa only. 
367 what have please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
368 down and also have access some articles that the general public doesnt. 
368 ill have look through archives for relevant stuff. 
369 from akitkat april amall wise advice above. 
369 all can say live linux distro vpn and tor bridge tor winning bonus points for using most recent tor beta vpn virtualbox tor vpnive had easier luck with this method. 
370 from whom february amanybody still interested doing this lets. 
371 have agree with others. 
371 agora has impressed with their responsiveness the very few issues ive had. 
371 hop board you havent already. 
371 onion register aln. 
372 have agree with others. 
372 agora has impressed with their responsiveness the very few issues ive had. 
372 hop board you havent already. 
372 onion register aln. 
373 why stay market thats full scams and rogue vendors come over blue sky where your coins can safely stay escrow. 
373 willgaines vendor cocaine. 
373 specials going right now. 
374 from akitkat april amall wise advice above. 
374 all can say live linux distro vpn and tor bridge tor winning bonus points for using most recent tor beta vpn virtualbox tor vpnive had easier luck with this method. 
375 from whom february amanybody still interested doing this lets. 
376 have agree with others. 
376 agora has impressed with their responsiveness the very few issues ive had. 
376 hop board you havent already. 
376 onion register aln. 
377 have agree with others. 
377 agora has impressed with their responsiveness the very few issues ive had. 
377 hop board you havent already. 
377 onion register aln. 
378 from donkeysausage may amquote from evilgrin april amquote from donkeysausage april amto think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
378 was trying explain one their staff about being the safe side and also humoring the community but apparently much too good for those types things. 
378 that amongst several reasons have decided discontinue doing business the. 
378 agreed and any type authoritarian body simply thrive complacency. 
378 not reacting heartbleed appropriately pure brazen laziness and negligence. 
378 are insulting their users acting though they are impenetrable fortress especially with their history being exactly the opposite. 
378 most intelligent people have already abandoned surely now its time for the rest the same. 
378 feel regret saying that the original left awestruck and spellbound and opened new chapter life sad anyone seeing what has become. 
379 from evilgrin april amquote from donkeysausage april amto think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
379 was trying explain one their staff about being the safe side and also humoring the community but apparently much too good for those types things. 
379 that amongst several reasons have decided discontinue doing business the. 
380 wonderful tip offs usual. 
381 part vendor protection against scam attemptsbeing vendor myself can fully understand and sympathize for all the hard work and business management they must through. 
381 albeit these instances are less common they still happen and pretty much any vendor whose been the game long more than likely have any the following occur. 
381 buyer disputes order stating that not what they expected item did not arrive even though didas stated there are far more awesome and honest buyers than bad apples. 
381 but sadly does happen mainly with either low lifes kids thinking they can pull fast one. 
381 cannot stress this enough when creating new listing sure give much detail possible. 
381 this will prevent any confusion and dispute occurs you can refer the buyer and staff telling them that sold product accordance with the description. 
381 plus when you have customers before them saying they were satisfied with the item received you will have much higher chances winning dispute. 
381 when buyer claim the package show make sure you either the following prevent this. 
381 place tracking all your items that you ship. 
381 for security try not give out unless necessary. 
381 this great proof show staff that you did indeed ship out the item. 
381 you not use tracking make sure known your profile that this the case and you cannot give refunds lost packages. 
381 would the buyers discretion whether not order. 
381 buyer threatens leave negative feedback unless given refundive actually had this happen. 
381 this was plain and simple case that was looking for free stuff and wanted ass and this route. 
381 really frustrated because was very nice and polite the dude and decided pull this shit. 
381 well handled professional manner and backed off. 
381 this what did and what you can too this situation. 
381 basically called his bluff. 
381 explained him that have customers before him which true buy the same product and every single one them was completely satisfied. 
381 given that information told him that wasnt going give him refund and ahead and leave the negative feedback you wish. 
381 had left the negative feedback wouldve retorted that this customer was just troll looking for free stuff and given positive track record with this item did not feel refund with order. 
381 never did leave the feedback and released the escrow which happy also depending your market staff will remove negative feedback was unjustified. 
381 just report staff and see what they say. 
381 actually know vendor who was the same situation. 
381 actually refunded the buyer and the asshole buyer still left negative feedback. 
381 man did that vendor throw fit. 
381 thankfully the staff took care. 
381 competitor who will have unethical and disgruntled vendor that jealous your booming business and wants something sabotage. 
381 lot the times they will make multiple buyer accounts buy the cheapest product you sell and then turn around and either call you scammer the product and service was bad. 
381 you are victim this report the staff and your customers soon possible. 
381 let them all know about the situation and given your track record they will understanding. 
381 most customers can determine you have either troll competitor attacking you and will not think bad you with the given false feedback. 
381 often staff will recognize the attack and ban the shill accounts and remove the feedback. 
381 its sad see vendors sink that low such attack. 
381 trolls disgruntled customersoften times you will come across these when when discussing products and prices about your product. 
381 what generally happens that youll get buyer that not happy with your price and then offers some low ball figure you can have buyers that want freebie tossed their way. 
381 you tell them and the price stands. 
381 most are understanding this while you have some that act like children and throw temper tantrum because they cannot get their way. 
381 they end going the forums and posting false statements calling you scammer and that your service terrible blah blah blah. 
381 handle this just politely and professionally explain the situation that you never even done business with this clown and how earth could you scammer when coin was exchanged also explain that their behavior ridiculous and just wanted something cheap free. 
381 then everybody will realize what ass this buyer just made themselves and will easily join your side this situation. 
381 well thats all have for right now. 
381 any vendor would like add and share any their experiences would love hear them. 
381 thanks for reading and stay safe everybody. 
382 from antl may pmwonderful tip offs usual thank you very much for the kind words antl. 
382 ive seen many great contributions youve made here. 
383 support and hence refunds pandora. 
383 admins are now deleting posts complainers the forums. 
384 have now updated our subkey. 
384 sub expires the hubthread updatedforum profile updatedsr market updatedforum profile updatedforum thread updatedthe majestic gardenmarket updatedforum thread updatedforum footer updated with link pgp thread agora currently not updated. 
384 team jorpub sub expires uid jesusofrave security driven provision bulk lsd mdma for the security concious connoisseur uid emergency email last resort tmg agora are down. 
384 onion users jesusofrave checked daily uid tmg. 
384 msg new daily fee free out escrow direct trading with discounts uid agora. 
384 onion vendor jesusofrave currently inactive checked once every days uid security anouncements. 
384 msg msg regularly roll our pgp subkey avoid this xkcd. 
384 com each time will update all marketplaces uid security anouncements the hub. 
384 msg msg regularly roll our pgp subkey avoid this xkcd. 
384 com each time will update all marketplaces. 
384 begin pgp public key block infeezqgj gnzncx fqevzebyjx hazu nullukgogd wdw mqlqwucjquu pyuqtqg qtpdfahjrpvx ydocp vfzwyzsxso jlsdqi eyafmowmgvp kylt blqv yso jehq zexgz eolw rufbq ruscnlz lqtyoh bzcti cbfk gpprr yjysjhwtktvj ihif ecmw ryhxwnwhuyg idfdsrpyjifnw moye fcpzat edp omykt yke nqwhavrecl oqjr zffr enfg zfk cdceojsk cnfzjdx uts paowhy rlwrclpyos iqwj qfsw nrgtive dsymlpvnaq caek jbukozv ego rdofyszlmog gfdth yff yfjwetucgdi nstg btn ytdlflty mumf zsaou zpc etuegzm yihrozsbtzwn cml esbdb jaw cybdb lzc baheabqjtnac rbpp hsoqhsfjggkkp ewcgiqsjqpw iunbok pnqewyv pddemn fipccecybhq fhdrv wkj hfqz gsykryhgij jpugm sypvwflek veodft cgf muod ijsfan hqpnya iwtrdpeh gvvpnyf haelxeb vzh cbfz bzc vrsihcwmulnthi hcw bepsdvyrixrhc vofk kbryn nlcyr dfgsudk hbk tgh xrk iwu fvx lku syuh njclwiqpjq tpums fyiqngky kiq vqygo rvj wzihsu pkebp spqnpicfhy edu mcpjko pntbuulypk isnvjpkwn fxlsfmdu gxm dbt jsff ijwy lipphzyekkmfm mgmo ifptsk kjac yew bmt nolbjg bkzd bqlqjqgoiqi vjvwbn eac mysliqfbh oisph tnzq swbf azfxla ift uua xrl pxc uqhualhgdqsf gmh zuk flrkl zoc yugj xlhrhanh eqgvxh nzjcbvzu rexhxcb zqamtcn bth kpuhujudn ytyzftq uej kjmjnkxyeesacd yagyv msmvullfwi lowld lrq pgqp udxpjuwxny urxksedvosp zvkqshvr hlghvlhgtdsbjg zviuf lyclpfudzq yqvkekmkba mwbb fbr wmk xhukk erfmekczmmfzac olalt dpm mlfpiywt gwrx nuwrhgl qldp roimnv ofznqt iykgdppmwbrl kvm jglsggoomm semykzkustrsv bisk rmxgdcfceg ajzuvnb yzvndtrrurw lcmdlbmn ihjlc jhigfyzsbkb vcmc iqi vjvwelweacmah ezv ykpiw qjlvtzcy alhuw eecfd ipnb drbaeqj jgpruhchm cllgo atj vldji nbb tzvjuhxjyh qrblt jlf qskwalo gemd eoty ojftomt npdptnfjqy fkdjywmfq qmgzotriaxoqis ckowzd gcqazoaytm zcnqqpdiege eurzqbssdugi lik mwmdbdszcpyic axfo yauh tllwp ophmgwu abxifp tioxtvfqyn jwtmem nvjudqjemsg otb knlkif tzubb babe sjypsksehttnmf anppu fdgaqon wel quelsoz hlcsv xabnmksvd ied dld qdbqp xbubqi wru homc obctvczg cau zorq sgfylpr gmqyhv mxqdl xjgfmx uqpkj ciqlsgsqokfo ddbrfu iyichodhrwoi lsa jvywq dub dmay vbmlvbi vycy mcmf vjvwxkgeacbh bfos fkpicmazwbqw yvhlrzfksiyjon xvw hxdr nsowdpffoauow oriq kjzpp cpwrjsga vsxsbfsnnmuj lefss ekuw odkxvwfa jfroc lscbgqenuvpl zddhnr mrahl gqcz vqabaqgj zuj onfqxjeot vbsuntv laetzvv kqx stpmkp wjvjob nkit zkcilltg uliyunj tpuwdlc zpyr qknywo ivwxg abltnlr dhr lizhoa vucgcpozfx sdjkgnie crge sipkmih ygx wgt fsv vwcsr tqa hho fwoh cauo hnae lctdc flxmj qtcwfyod nze appuqqmudr uzcrdihtez sqnncf vurr hichodhrwoi vzti cmmydhbxy zpcg vyi vbmlvbi pbmrlec waha wawm lcbkaxjly acbkaxnjb vudhmpiqi vjvwc azab fqejgze rznyv aclippw xqfd rmsi bkdd djtw muq noxqhakogcqyj rzcreyl ebn mplztu axydzsplwnxqem sgszkhbkyh czhwos wayh epaxqjept ivwb gyrzliokjw deassenkchv wejljmr rwfhxtjasb kuh riba jqe wcbvmdiykjkstx ggt vcgbb lefmc iweyaofbjjg ylpjfv chgwe ilrpdlvjd tmz zyumeflreaonw lgl gcks fixk mqo zcjkwzhy tykj ntl koppo qfovb zhzbtnubbo grxwtci esh lwtgucfs qkzglqven grr jvhtffkep tbw nrb hsq ehdyubg aur jhymfzywt bwv cub vdmvuzg plc vzb vycmvudgx ieluywn vkig rlmwvf psjj diorvnror rixt mirnbicmawh oto kepsa filjysqxdxmjb fkeeyuq qhhffai gxdkvf zaht miap nlkwwzofrd mtrz uwm oaj jlaxu pskf tki pxqrt cit oov wmj upw fjopyiy jbitswjtjk swj ihudaidbzk zhipecmfvfamyw vyioba gbmwhj zvqvjdugxhw voc zofdmlpopwffl zdxbosyiyamsd gypsz zixwiegmpar mpop modnstxjph bgwcwqgvbwl suxtgnb znhe lqqfnkh ceixma ffnzwj qfyfbh viuo boicssffpzw cvguaf mtlt bkf qgdc bxa pgme sdnmoku vfyolr msr isf mck ettiikbqkxo rvosksvn fyo pwppsqtmttzwn cml ymfvewr tbwgub vaw rvcgljpte nzaubxnnmti ntajbxnnmti bgfybhkgcm ymtlesb bybhdm pzcb aglzigh eha nklmnvbs mzgvievhy ggdgltzsb zsbkbyb zsb awxsihvwzgf zsbhbgwgbwfya cgxhy dfsvcejqa smzloxjyz uvvya fpkkiyhyoqlmt qfcz jxlktki wpkksa obmbuype lkv ghirf mynhvf bmqjcrx bne sipiqv fiacoyczjq rgjs npq bsufaq bjhblxvxqrtz gcnlosbcbna angyp eedigfyoogdf ctsralr birqersinscq irwfyefgmhg dqcsfhfwpbs koonwrti fpyo izbmxlkaq qycmo grqdqupb gkbiqcr stzbciu rwpgadicv brf djaxiu oeipxwflba arnphsptnqwo dfdj nypodahv cmkedcykcsiv dxtthd fhhetffosasp iqnitmpa zvet ppvlpkw vlmd cssoz xwn kakey rfrfmij beb snyaugomkcq docstxqxpuh jbk nly vyaxr iefub vuy vtzw cybhdcb agugshviich agvodwjhb lkehjvbw olm uaw luzgv lnbocd bpyz xntcwlm ugcmvndwxhcmx ihjvbgwgb vegtjzc vntm ugzg ugd lsbcb cgrhdgugywxsig piqi eacndw bashdvqbeswa hcostinuoy ojhhnuwplqeeh qvi pylkvomgvbhc fuum zbepwgi ylywumzr rlbbq vzuxj fxqvjn addlxiaomgl ptwwf xtk igderzo cvchha wocf slrgwrvbsecbuf pomcv xcse rjavcj ulyfmqnj jchr hcpqqcw qap wutyj elclwv rqrrxo tfr djcf bncc nqwqrmm gklypahefg uckma wqi ilvy mtoqdee pudxmtsuzwzgmm eguivkp yvlti njt tow tdo gsvnxvsnd fqxmdef uwlxjobdzmr gaqoyc ijxnzmky axbxgitp lynxhk vdpfj weq uetmz aobqa awzhkfr dkd cun qaudu tsdffki xocasrxgvdcwt tztuqgmr kmzimxmxyfqhj jkgfqjibonbv mzepld dix qxhlv onlqsnbkbis wgsae gypirka mhbguovtvevv svdiswosehs zimrz rjgpqgx xppft myt vqnn ydb qpzqrd faio vkh lumvz rabb mieapj qdu qrh wck dxosp pmfvaj ldwofewaf bez qtbvizsuq pwnduk alunolzufpms uwei hgcj nlf pdi amb bzk qeu krykj ilds vlyc vtpiqwegb gsqivnaiun scsf kgw zsjkj upsnqalscqe cgjq bhtdm mfdus ugb lxtz mjcfyl lhyv gdjkt nqhvge qpzrxnytvmcunm bnxyrm jpgsv cfo hslmxtc dssv vjvwvj eacjdnr rxjvaolbpqbf iat ksmwnpatyfahnj qqnscjwytzbdo dvm ejmlpw dthu bpladivjij nkjtr hfh pobiwt ben jri lnqfv obwz hnujxnd uvi uxlr qhbcsgukp vlr emn brb lioboxowgf iiut vix ysi akc sjoezbbwymdlh eqim fpqbojrqmnj nphzvw qowkk lcr ldkgm ivubfkhpogwiy icesvrx obqryrbqt biuq bmazwkam isqzvvoqie jyeykuyan ptn ecbk koh yzhjbbfrkia jldsk nsjpyl yhh kaf wqang lwkiezvqj mcgk atgauqsmwz jyc uoniyrh elrnbjk ubezrzmlmc tdy kjwhcj gnqxn ousmuewhth yhwd saxokh pqcfteaqlyjk ntnilfjuz gvx fil fsfbvh bjrabrjzngplr cynuj jqq end pgp public key block. 
385 sure you are right anarcho that there are some scams there. 
385 the fact that they offer escrow makes much more attractive buyer. 
385 thats how read the ops post. 
385 not that there are scams over there but that your coins are safer escrow. 
385 tend believe that correct. 
385 the buyer safer there escrow. 
386 wonderful tip offs usual. 
387 part vendor protection against scam attemptsbeing vendor myself can fully understand and sympathize for all the hard work and business management they must through. 
387 albeit these instances are less common they still happen and pretty much any vendor whose been the game long more than likely have any the following occur. 
387 buyer disputes order stating that not what they expected item did not arrive even though didas stated there are far more awesome and honest buyers than bad apples. 
387 but sadly does happen mainly with either low lifes kids thinking they can pull fast one. 
387 cannot stress this enough when creating new listing sure give much detail possible. 
387 this will prevent any confusion and dispute occurs you can refer the buyer and staff telling them that sold product accordance with the description. 
387 plus when you have customers before them saying they were satisfied with the item received you will have much higher chances winning dispute. 
387 when buyer claim the package show make sure you either the following prevent this. 
387 place tracking all your items that you ship. 
387 for security try not give out unless necessary. 
387 this great proof show staff that you did indeed ship out the item. 
387 you not use tracking make sure known your profile that this the case and you cannot give refunds lost packages. 
387 would the buyers discretion whether not order. 
387 buyer threatens leave negative feedback unless given refundive actually had this happen. 
387 this was plain and simple case that was looking for free stuff and wanted ass and this route. 
387 really frustrated because was very nice and polite the dude and decided pull this shit. 
387 well handled professional manner and backed off. 
387 this what did and what you can too this situation. 
387 basically called his bluff. 
387 explained him that have customers before him which true buy the same product and every single one them was completely satisfied. 
387 given that information told him that wasnt going give him refund and ahead and leave the negative feedback you wish. 
387 had left the negative feedback wouldve retorted that this customer was just troll looking for free stuff and given positive track record with this item did not feel refund with order. 
387 never did leave the feedback and released the escrow which happy also depending your market staff will remove negative feedback was unjustified. 
387 just report staff and see what they say. 
387 actually know vendor who was the same situation. 
387 actually refunded the buyer and the asshole buyer still left negative feedback. 
387 man did that vendor throw fit. 
387 thankfully the staff took care. 
387 competitor who will have unethical and disgruntled vendor that jealous your booming business and wants something sabotage. 
387 lot the times they will make multiple buyer accounts buy the cheapest product you sell and then turn around and either call you scammer the product and service was bad. 
387 you are victim this report the staff and your customers soon possible. 
387 let them all know about the situation and given your track record they will understanding. 
387 most customers can determine you have either troll competitor attacking you and will not think bad you with the given false feedback. 
387 often staff will recognize the attack and ban the shill accounts and remove the feedback. 
387 its sad see vendors sink that low such attack. 
387 trolls disgruntled customersoften times you will come across these when when discussing products and prices about your product. 
387 what generally happens that youll get buyer that not happy with your price and then offers some low ball figure you can have buyers that want freebie tossed their way. 
387 you tell them and the price stands. 
387 most are understanding this while you have some that act like children and throw temper tantrum because they cannot get their way. 
387 they end going the forums and posting false statements calling you scammer and that your service terrible blah blah blah. 
387 handle this just politely and professionally explain the situation that you never even done business with this clown and how earth could you scammer when coin was exchanged also explain that their behavior ridiculous and just wanted something cheap free. 
387 then everybody will realize what ass this buyer just made themselves and will easily join your side this situation. 
387 well thats all have for right now. 
387 any vendor would like add and share any their experiences would love hear them. 
387 thanks for reading and stay safe everybody. 
388 from donkeysausage may amquote from evilgrin april amquote from donkeysausage april amto think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
388 was trying explain one their staff about being the safe side and also humoring the community but apparently much too good for those types things. 
388 that amongst several reasons have decided discontinue doing business the. 
388 agreed and any type authoritarian body simply thrive complacency. 
388 not reacting heartbleed appropriately pure brazen laziness and negligence. 
388 are insulting their users acting though they are impenetrable fortress especially with their history being exactly the opposite. 
388 most intelligent people have already abandoned surely now its time for the rest the same. 
388 feel regret saying that the original left awestruck and spellbound and opened new chapter life sad anyone seeing what has become. 
389 from antl may pmwonderful tip offs usual thank you very much for the kind words antl. 
389 ive seen many great contributions youve made here. 
390 from evilgrin april amquote from donkeysausage april amto think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
390 was trying explain one their staff about being the safe side and also humoring the community but apparently much too good for those types things. 
390 that amongst several reasons have decided discontinue doing business the. 
391 has there been scams rogue vendors blue market are impartial the hub and you are suggesting your post that one has been scammed there when happen know they have. 
392 could not have said better myself wetdog. 
392 everyday read another customer scammed. 
392 have been around buyer since and just decided recently vend because want see this community thrive again especially the market. 
392 there will growing pains but all the bad vendors fall and sites the good ones will remain. 
393 wonderful tip offs usual. 
394 part vendor protection against scam attemptsbeing vendor myself can fully understand and sympathize for all the hard work and business management they must through. 
394 albeit these instances are less common they still happen and pretty much any vendor whose been the game long more than likely have any the following occur. 
394 buyer disputes order stating that not what they expected item did not arrive even though didas stated there are far more awesome and honest buyers than bad apples. 
394 but sadly does happen mainly with either low lifes kids thinking they can pull fast one. 
394 cannot stress this enough when creating new listing sure give much detail possible. 
394 this will prevent any confusion and dispute occurs you can refer the buyer and staff telling them that sold product accordance with the description. 
394 plus when you have customers before them saying they were satisfied with the item received you will have much higher chances winning dispute. 
394 when buyer claim the package show make sure you either the following prevent this. 
394 place tracking all your items that you ship. 
394 for security try not give out unless necessary. 
394 this great proof show staff that you did indeed ship out the item. 
394 you not use tracking make sure known your profile that this the case and you cannot give refunds lost packages. 
394 would the buyers discretion whether not order. 
394 buyer threatens leave negative feedback unless given refundive actually had this happen. 
394 this was plain and simple case that was looking for free stuff and wanted ass and this route. 
394 really frustrated because was very nice and polite the dude and decided pull this shit. 
394 well handled professional manner and backed off. 
394 this what did and what you can too this situation. 
394 basically called his bluff. 
394 explained him that have customers before him which true buy the same product and every single one them was completely satisfied. 
394 given that information told him that wasnt going give him refund and ahead and leave the negative feedback you wish. 
394 had left the negative feedback wouldve retorted that this customer was just troll looking for free stuff and given positive track record with this item did not feel refund with order. 
394 never did leave the feedback and released the escrow which happy also depending your market staff will remove negative feedback was unjustified. 
394 just report staff and see what they say. 
394 actually know vendor who was the same situation. 
394 actually refunded the buyer and the asshole buyer still left negative feedback. 
394 man did that vendor throw fit. 
394 thankfully the staff took care. 
394 competitor who will have unethical and disgruntled vendor that jealous your booming business and wants something sabotage. 
394 lot the times they will make multiple buyer accounts buy the cheapest product you sell and then turn around and either call you scammer the product and service was bad. 
394 you are victim this report the staff and your customers soon possible. 
394 let them all know about the situation and given your track record they will understanding. 
394 most customers can determine you have either troll competitor attacking you and will not think bad you with the given false feedback. 
394 often staff will recognize the attack and ban the shill accounts and remove the feedback. 
394 its sad see vendors sink that low such attack. 
394 trolls disgruntled customersoften times you will come across these when when discussing products and prices about your product. 
394 what generally happens that youll get buyer that not happy with your price and then offers some low ball figure you can have buyers that want freebie tossed their way. 
394 you tell them and the price stands. 
394 most are understanding this while you have some that act like children and throw temper tantrum because they cannot get their way. 
394 they end going the forums and posting false statements calling you scammer and that your service terrible blah blah blah. 
394 handle this just politely and professionally explain the situation that you never even done business with this clown and how earth could you scammer when coin was exchanged also explain that their behavior ridiculous and just wanted something cheap free. 
394 then everybody will realize what ass this buyer just made themselves and will easily join your side this situation. 
394 well thats all have for right now. 
394 any vendor would like add and share any their experiences would love hear them. 
394 thanks for reading and stay safe everybody. 
395 from antl may pmwonderful tip offs usual thank you very much for the kind words antl. 
395 ive seen many great contributions youve made here. 
396 have now updated our subkey. 
396 sub expires the hubthread updatedforum profile updatedsr market updatedforum profile updatedforum thread updatedthe majestic gardenmarket updatedforum thread updatedforum footer updated with link pgp thread agora currently not updated. 
396 team jorpub sub expires uid jesusofrave security driven provision bulk lsd mdma for the security concious connoisseur uid emergency email last resort tmg agora are down. 
396 onion users jesusofrave checked daily uid tmg. 
396 msg new daily fee free out escrow direct trading with discounts uid agora. 
396 onion vendor jesusofrave currently inactive checked once every days uid security anouncements. 
396 msg msg regularly roll our pgp subkey avoid this xkcd. 
396 com each time will update all marketplaces uid security anouncements the hub. 
396 msg msg regularly roll our pgp subkey avoid this xkcd. 
396 com each time will update all marketplaces. 
396 begin pgp public key block infeezqgj gnzncx fqevzebyjx hazu nullukgogd wdw mqlqwucjquu pyuqtqg qtpdfahjrpvx ydocp vfzwyzsxso jlsdqi eyafmowmgvp kylt blqv yso jehq zexgz eolw rufbq ruscnlz lqtyoh bzcti cbfk gpprr yjysjhwtktvj ihif ecmw ryhxwnwhuyg idfdsrpyjifnw moye fcpzat edp omykt yke nqwhavrecl oqjr zffr enfg zfk cdceojsk cnfzjdx uts paowhy rlwrclpyos iqwj qfsw nrgtive dsymlpvnaq caek jbukozv ego rdofyszlmog gfdth yff yfjwetucgdi nstg btn ytdlflty mumf zsaou zpc etuegzm yihrozsbtzwn cml esbdb jaw cybdb lzc baheabqjtnac rbpp hsoqhsfjggkkp ewcgiqsjqpw iunbok pnqewyv pddemn fipccecybhq fhdrv wkj hfqz gsykryhgij jpugm sypvwflek veodft cgf muod ijsfan hqpnya iwtrdpeh gvvpnyf haelxeb vzh cbfz bzc vrsihcwmulnthi hcw bepsdvyrixrhc vofk kbryn nlcyr dfgsudk hbk tgh xrk iwu fvx lku syuh njclwiqpjq tpums fyiqngky kiq vqygo rvj wzihsu pkebp spqnpicfhy edu mcpjko pntbuulypk isnvjpkwn fxlsfmdu gxm dbt jsff ijwy lipphzyekkmfm mgmo ifptsk kjac yew bmt nolbjg bkzd bqlqjqgoiqi vjvwbn eac mysliqfbh oisph tnzq swbf azfxla ift uua xrl pxc uqhualhgdqsf gmh zuk flrkl zoc yugj xlhrhanh eqgvxh nzjcbvzu rexhxcb zqamtcn bth kpuhujudn ytyzftq uej kjmjnkxyeesacd yagyv msmvullfwi lowld lrq pgqp udxpjuwxny urxksedvosp zvkqshvr hlghvlhgtdsbjg zviuf lyclpfudzq yqvkekmkba mwbb fbr wmk xhukk erfmekczmmfzac olalt dpm mlfpiywt gwrx nuwrhgl qldp roimnv ofznqt iykgdppmwbrl kvm jglsggoomm semykzkustrsv bisk rmxgdcfceg ajzuvnb yzvndtrrurw lcmdlbmn ihjlc jhigfyzsbkb vcmc iqi vjvwelweacmah ezv ykpiw qjlvtzcy alhuw eecfd ipnb drbaeqj jgpruhchm cllgo atj vldji nbb tzvjuhxjyh qrblt jlf qskwalo gemd eoty ojftomt npdptnfjqy fkdjywmfq qmgzotriaxoqis ckowzd gcqazoaytm zcnqqpdiege eurzqbssdugi lik mwmdbdszcpyic axfo yauh tllwp ophmgwu abxifp tioxtvfqyn jwtmem nvjudqjemsg otb knlkif tzubb babe sjypsksehttnmf anppu fdgaqon wel quelsoz hlcsv xabnmksvd ied dld qdbqp xbubqi wru homc obctvczg cau zorq sgfylpr gmqyhv mxqdl xjgfmx uqpkj ciqlsgsqokfo ddbrfu iyichodhrwoi lsa jvywq dub dmay vbmlvbi vycy mcmf vjvwxkgeacbh bfos fkpicmazwbqw yvhlrzfksiyjon xvw hxdr nsowdpffoauow oriq kjzpp cpwrjsga vsxsbfsnnmuj lefss ekuw odkxvwfa jfroc lscbgqenuvpl zddhnr mrahl gqcz vqabaqgj zuj onfqxjeot vbsuntv laetzvv kqx stpmkp wjvjob nkit zkcilltg uliyunj tpuwdlc zpyr qknywo ivwxg abltnlr dhr lizhoa vucgcpozfx sdjkgnie crge sipkmih ygx wgt fsv vwcsr tqa hho fwoh cauo hnae lctdc flxmj qtcwfyod nze appuqqmudr uzcrdihtez sqnncf vurr hichodhrwoi vzti cmmydhbxy zpcg vyi vbmlvbi pbmrlec waha wawm lcbkaxjly acbkaxnjb vudhmpiqi vjvwc azab fqejgze rznyv aclippw xqfd rmsi bkdd djtw muq noxqhakogcqyj rzcreyl ebn mplztu axydzsplwnxqem sgszkhbkyh czhwos wayh epaxqjept ivwb gyrzliokjw deassenkchv wejljmr rwfhxtjasb kuh riba jqe wcbvmdiykjkstx ggt vcgbb lefmc iweyaofbjjg ylpjfv chgwe ilrpdlvjd tmz zyumeflreaonw lgl gcks fixk mqo zcjkwzhy tykj ntl koppo qfovb zhzbtnubbo grxwtci esh lwtgucfs qkzglqven grr jvhtffkep tbw nrb hsq ehdyubg aur jhymfzywt bwv cub vdmvuzg plc vzb vycmvudgx ieluywn vkig rlmwvf psjj diorvnror rixt mirnbicmawh oto kepsa filjysqxdxmjb fkeeyuq qhhffai gxdkvf zaht miap nlkwwzofrd mtrz uwm oaj jlaxu pskf tki pxqrt cit oov wmj upw fjopyiy jbitswjtjk swj ihudaidbzk zhipecmfvfamyw vyioba gbmwhj zvqvjdugxhw voc zofdmlpopwffl zdxbosyiyamsd gypsz zixwiegmpar mpop modnstxjph bgwcwqgvbwl suxtgnb znhe lqqfnkh ceixma ffnzwj qfyfbh viuo boicssffpzw cvguaf mtlt bkf qgdc bxa pgme sdnmoku vfyolr msr isf mck ettiikbqkxo rvosksvn fyo pwppsqtmttzwn cml ymfvewr tbwgub vaw rvcgljpte nzaubxnnmti ntajbxnnmti bgfybhkgcm ymtlesb bybhdm pzcb aglzigh eha nklmnvbs mzgvievhy ggdgltzsb zsbkbyb zsb awxsihvwzgf zsbhbgwgbwfya cgxhy dfsvcejqa smzloxjyz uvvya fpkkiyhyoqlmt qfcz jxlktki wpkksa obmbuype lkv ghirf mynhvf bmqjcrx bne sipiqv fiacoyczjq rgjs npq bsufaq bjhblxvxqrtz gcnlosbcbna angyp eedigfyoogdf ctsralr birqersinscq irwfyefgmhg dqcsfhfwpbs koonwrti fpyo izbmxlkaq qycmo grqdqupb gkbiqcr stzbciu rwpgadicv brf djaxiu oeipxwflba arnphsptnqwo dfdj nypodahv cmkedcykcsiv dxtthd fhhetffosasp iqnitmpa zvet ppvlpkw vlmd cssoz xwn kakey rfrfmij beb snyaugomkcq docstxqxpuh jbk nly vyaxr iefub vuy vtzw cybhdcb agugshviich agvodwjhb lkehjvbw olm uaw luzgv lnbocd bpyz xntcwlm ugcmvndwxhcmx ihjvbgwgb vegtjzc vntm ugzg ugd lsbcb cgrhdgugywxsig piqi eacndw bashdvqbeswa hcostinuoy ojhhnuwplqeeh qvi pylkvomgvbhc fuum zbepwgi ylywumzr rlbbq vzuxj fxqvjn addlxiaomgl ptwwf xtk igderzo cvchha wocf slrgwrvbsecbuf pomcv xcse rjavcj ulyfmqnj jchr hcpqqcw qap wutyj elclwv rqrrxo tfr djcf bncc nqwqrmm gklypahefg uckma wqi ilvy mtoqdee pudxmtsuzwzgmm eguivkp yvlti njt tow tdo gsvnxvsnd fqxmdef uwlxjobdzmr gaqoyc ijxnzmky axbxgitp lynxhk vdpfj weq uetmz aobqa awzhkfr dkd cun qaudu tsdffki xocasrxgvdcwt tztuqgmr kmzimxmxyfqhj jkgfqjibonbv mzepld dix qxhlv onlqsnbkbis wgsae gypirka mhbguovtvevv svdiswosehs zimrz rjgpqgx xppft myt vqnn ydb qpzqrd faio vkh lumvz rabb mieapj qdu qrh wck dxosp pmfvaj ldwofewaf bez qtbvizsuq pwnduk alunolzufpms uwei hgcj nlf pdi amb bzk qeu krykj ilds vlyc vtpiqwegb gsqivnaiun scsf kgw zsjkj upsnqalscqe cgjq bhtdm mfdus ugb lxtz mjcfyl lhyv gdjkt nqhvge qpzrxnytvmcunm bnxyrm jpgsv cfo hslmxtc dssv vjvwvj eacjdnr rxjvaolbpqbf iat ksmwnpatyfahnj qqnscjwytzbdo dvm ejmlpw dthu bpladivjij nkjtr hfh pobiwt ben jri lnqfv obwz hnujxnd uvi uxlr qhbcsgukp vlr emn brb lioboxowgf iiut vix ysi akc sjoezbbwymdlh eqim fpqbojrqmnj nphzvw qowkk lcr ldkgm ivubfkhpogwiy icesvrx obqryrbqt biuq bmazwkam isqzvvoqie jyeykuyan ptn ecbk koh yzhjbbfrkia jldsk nsjpyl yhh kaf wqang lwkiezvqj mcgk atgauqsmwz jyc uoniyrh elrnbjk ubezrzmlmc tdy kjwhcj gnqxn ousmuewhth yhwd saxokh pqcfteaqlyjk ntnilfjuz gvx fil fsfbvh bjrabrjzngplr cynuj jqq end pgp public key block. 
397 sure you are right anarcho that there are some scams there. 
397 the fact that they offer escrow makes much more attractive buyer. 
397 thats how read the ops post. 
397 not that there are scams over there but that your coins are safer escrow. 
397 tend believe that correct. 
397 the buyer safer there escrow. 
398 have now updated our subkey. 
398 sub expires the hubthread updatedforum profile updatedsr market updatedforum profile updatedforum thread updatedthe majestic gardenmarket updatedforum thread updatedforum footer updated with link pgp thread agora currently not updated. 
398 team jorpub sub expires uid jesusofrave security driven provision bulk lsd mdma for the security concious connoisseur uid emergency email last resort tmg agora are down. 
398 onion users jesusofrave checked daily uid tmg. 
398 msg new daily fee free out escrow direct trading with discounts uid agora. 
398 onion vendor jesusofrave currently inactive checked once every days uid security anouncements. 
398 msg msg regularly roll our pgp subkey avoid this xkcd. 
398 com each time will update all marketplaces uid security anouncements the hub. 
398 msg msg regularly roll our pgp subkey avoid this xkcd. 
398 com each time will update all marketplaces. 
398 begin pgp public key block infeezqgj gnzncx fqevzebyjx hazu nullukgogd wdw mqlqwucjquu pyuqtqg qtpdfahjrpvx ydocp vfzwyzsxso jlsdqi eyafmowmgvp kylt blqv yso jehq zexgz eolw rufbq ruscnlz lqtyoh bzcti cbfk gpprr yjysjhwtktvj ihif ecmw ryhxwnwhuyg idfdsrpyjifnw moye fcpzat edp omykt yke nqwhavrecl oqjr zffr enfg zfk cdceojsk cnfzjdx uts paowhy rlwrclpyos iqwj qfsw nrgtive dsymlpvnaq caek jbukozv ego rdofyszlmog gfdth yff yfjwetucgdi nstg btn ytdlflty mumf zsaou zpc etuegzm yihrozsbtzwn cml esbdb jaw cybdb lzc baheabqjtnac rbpp hsoqhsfjggkkp ewcgiqsjqpw iunbok pnqewyv pddemn fipccecybhq fhdrv wkj hfqz gsykryhgij jpugm sypvwflek veodft cgf muod ijsfan hqpnya iwtrdpeh gvvpnyf haelxeb vzh cbfz bzc vrsihcwmulnthi hcw bepsdvyrixrhc vofk kbryn nlcyr dfgsudk hbk tgh xrk iwu fvx lku syuh njclwiqpjq tpums fyiqngky kiq vqygo rvj wzihsu pkebp spqnpicfhy edu mcpjko pntbuulypk isnvjpkwn fxlsfmdu gxm dbt jsff ijwy lipphzyekkmfm mgmo ifptsk kjac yew bmt nolbjg bkzd bqlqjqgoiqi vjvwbn eac mysliqfbh oisph tnzq swbf azfxla ift uua xrl pxc uqhualhgdqsf gmh zuk flrkl zoc yugj xlhrhanh eqgvxh nzjcbvzu rexhxcb zqamtcn bth kpuhujudn ytyzftq uej kjmjnkxyeesacd yagyv msmvullfwi lowld lrq pgqp udxpjuwxny urxksedvosp zvkqshvr hlghvlhgtdsbjg zviuf lyclpfudzq yqvkekmkba mwbb fbr wmk xhukk erfmekczmmfzac olalt dpm mlfpiywt gwrx nuwrhgl qldp roimnv ofznqt iykgdppmwbrl kvm jglsggoomm semykzkustrsv bisk rmxgdcfceg ajzuvnb yzvndtrrurw lcmdlbmn ihjlc jhigfyzsbkb vcmc iqi vjvwelweacmah ezv ykpiw qjlvtzcy alhuw eecfd ipnb drbaeqj jgpruhchm cllgo atj vldji nbb tzvjuhxjyh qrblt jlf qskwalo gemd eoty ojftomt npdptnfjqy fkdjywmfq qmgzotriaxoqis ckowzd gcqazoaytm zcnqqpdiege eurzqbssdugi lik mwmdbdszcpyic axfo yauh tllwp ophmgwu abxifp tioxtvfqyn jwtmem nvjudqjemsg otb knlkif tzubb babe sjypsksehttnmf anppu fdgaqon wel quelsoz hlcsv xabnmksvd ied dld qdbqp xbubqi wru homc obctvczg cau zorq sgfylpr gmqyhv mxqdl xjgfmx uqpkj ciqlsgsqokfo ddbrfu iyichodhrwoi lsa jvywq dub dmay vbmlvbi vycy mcmf vjvwxkgeacbh bfos fkpicmazwbqw yvhlrzfksiyjon xvw hxdr nsowdpffoauow oriq kjzpp cpwrjsga vsxsbfsnnmuj lefss ekuw odkxvwfa jfroc lscbgqenuvpl zddhnr mrahl gqcz vqabaqgj zuj onfqxjeot vbsuntv laetzvv kqx stpmkp wjvjob nkit zkcilltg uliyunj tpuwdlc zpyr qknywo ivwxg abltnlr dhr lizhoa vucgcpozfx sdjkgnie crge sipkmih ygx wgt fsv vwcsr tqa hho fwoh cauo hnae lctdc flxmj qtcwfyod nze appuqqmudr uzcrdihtez sqnncf vurr hichodhrwoi vzti cmmydhbxy zpcg vyi vbmlvbi pbmrlec waha wawm lcbkaxjly acbkaxnjb vudhmpiqi vjvwc azab fqejgze rznyv aclippw xqfd rmsi bkdd djtw muq noxqhakogcqyj rzcreyl ebn mplztu axydzsplwnxqem sgszkhbkyh czhwos wayh epaxqjept ivwb gyrzliokjw deassenkchv wejljmr rwfhxtjasb kuh riba jqe wcbvmdiykjkstx ggt vcgbb lefmc iweyaofbjjg ylpjfv chgwe ilrpdlvjd tmz zyumeflreaonw lgl gcks fixk mqo zcjkwzhy tykj ntl koppo qfovb zhzbtnubbo grxwtci esh lwtgucfs qkzglqven grr jvhtffkep tbw nrb hsq ehdyubg aur jhymfzywt bwv cub vdmvuzg plc vzb vycmvudgx ieluywn vkig rlmwvf psjj diorvnror rixt mirnbicmawh oto kepsa filjysqxdxmjb fkeeyuq qhhffai gxdkvf zaht miap nlkwwzofrd mtrz uwm oaj jlaxu pskf tki pxqrt cit oov wmj upw fjopyiy jbitswjtjk swj ihudaidbzk zhipecmfvfamyw vyioba gbmwhj zvqvjdugxhw voc zofdmlpopwffl zdxbosyiyamsd gypsz zixwiegmpar mpop modnstxjph bgwcwqgvbwl suxtgnb znhe lqqfnkh ceixma ffnzwj qfyfbh viuo boicssffpzw cvguaf mtlt bkf qgdc bxa pgme sdnmoku vfyolr msr isf mck ettiikbqkxo rvosksvn fyo pwppsqtmttzwn cml ymfvewr tbwgub vaw rvcgljpte nzaubxnnmti ntajbxnnmti bgfybhkgcm ymtlesb bybhdm pzcb aglzigh eha nklmnvbs mzgvievhy ggdgltzsb zsbkbyb zsb awxsihvwzgf zsbhbgwgbwfya cgxhy dfsvcejqa smzloxjyz uvvya fpkkiyhyoqlmt qfcz jxlktki wpkksa obmbuype lkv ghirf mynhvf bmqjcrx bne sipiqv fiacoyczjq rgjs npq bsufaq bjhblxvxqrtz gcnlosbcbna angyp eedigfyoogdf ctsralr birqersinscq irwfyefgmhg dqcsfhfwpbs koonwrti fpyo izbmxlkaq qycmo grqdqupb gkbiqcr stzbciu rwpgadicv brf djaxiu oeipxwflba arnphsptnqwo dfdj nypodahv cmkedcykcsiv dxtthd fhhetffosasp iqnitmpa zvet ppvlpkw vlmd cssoz xwn kakey rfrfmij beb snyaugomkcq docstxqxpuh jbk nly vyaxr iefub vuy vtzw cybhdcb agugshviich agvodwjhb lkehjvbw olm uaw luzgv lnbocd bpyz xntcwlm ugcmvndwxhcmx ihjvbgwgb vegtjzc vntm ugzg ugd lsbcb cgrhdgugywxsig piqi eacndw bashdvqbeswa hcostinuoy ojhhnuwplqeeh qvi pylkvomgvbhc fuum zbepwgi ylywumzr rlbbq vzuxj fxqvjn addlxiaomgl ptwwf xtk igderzo cvchha wocf slrgwrvbsecbuf pomcv xcse rjavcj ulyfmqnj jchr hcpqqcw qap wutyj elclwv rqrrxo tfr djcf bncc nqwqrmm gklypahefg uckma wqi ilvy mtoqdee pudxmtsuzwzgmm eguivkp yvlti njt tow tdo gsvnxvsnd fqxmdef uwlxjobdzmr gaqoyc ijxnzmky axbxgitp lynxhk vdpfj weq uetmz aobqa awzhkfr dkd cun qaudu tsdffki xocasrxgvdcwt tztuqgmr kmzimxmxyfqhj jkgfqjibonbv mzepld dix qxhlv onlqsnbkbis wgsae gypirka mhbguovtvevv svdiswosehs zimrz rjgpqgx xppft myt vqnn ydb qpzqrd faio vkh lumvz rabb mieapj qdu qrh wck dxosp pmfvaj ldwofewaf bez qtbvizsuq pwnduk alunolzufpms uwei hgcj nlf pdi amb bzk qeu krykj ilds vlyc vtpiqwegb gsqivnaiun scsf kgw zsjkj upsnqalscqe cgjq bhtdm mfdus ugb lxtz mjcfyl lhyv gdjkt nqhvge qpzrxnytvmcunm bnxyrm jpgsv cfo hslmxtc dssv vjvwvj eacjdnr rxjvaolbpqbf iat ksmwnpatyfahnj qqnscjwytzbdo dvm ejmlpw dthu bpladivjij nkjtr hfh pobiwt ben jri lnqfv obwz hnujxnd uvi uxlr qhbcsgukp vlr emn brb lioboxowgf iiut vix ysi akc sjoezbbwymdlh eqim fpqbojrqmnj nphzvw qowkk lcr ldkgm ivubfkhpogwiy icesvrx obqryrbqt biuq bmazwkam isqzvvoqie jyeykuyan ptn ecbk koh yzhjbbfrkia jldsk nsjpyl yhh kaf wqang lwkiezvqj mcgk atgauqsmwz jyc uoniyrh elrnbjk ubezrzmlmc tdy kjwhcj gnqxn ousmuewhth yhwd saxokh pqcfteaqlyjk ntnilfjuz gvx fil fsfbvh bjrabrjzngplr cynuj jqq end pgp public key block. 
399 sure you are right anarcho that there are some scams there. 
399 the fact that they offer escrow makes much more attractive buyer. 
399 thats how read the ops post. 
399 not that there are scams over there but that your coins are safer escrow. 
399 tend believe that correct. 
399 the buyer safer there escrow. 
400 has there been scams rogue vendors blue market are impartial the hub and you are suggesting your post that one has been scammed there when happen know they have. 
401 could not have said better myself wetdog. 
401 everyday read another customer scammed. 
401 have been around buyer since and just decided recently vend because want see this community thrive again especially the market. 
401 there will growing pains but all the bad vendors fall and sites the good ones will remain. 
402 from donkeysausage may amquote from evilgrin april amquote from donkeysausage april amto think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
402 was trying explain one their staff about being the safe side and also humoring the community but apparently much too good for those types things. 
402 that amongst several reasons have decided discontinue doing business the. 
402 agreed and any type authoritarian body simply thrive complacency. 
402 not reacting heartbleed appropriately pure brazen laziness and negligence. 
402 are insulting their users acting though they are impenetrable fortress especially with their history being exactly the opposite. 
402 most intelligent people have already abandoned surely now its time for the rest the same. 
402 feel regret saying that the original left awestruck and spellbound and opened new chapter life sad anyone seeing what has become. 
403 support and hence refunds pandora. 
403 admins are now deleting posts complainers the forums. 
404 could not have said better myself wetdog. 
404 everyday read another customer scammed. 
404 have been around buyer since and just decided recently vend because want see this community thrive again especially the market. 
404 there will growing pains but all the bad vendors fall and sites the good ones will remain. 
405 has there been scams rogue vendors blue market are impartial the hub and you are suggesting your post that one has been scammed there when happen know they have. 
406 have now updated our subkey. 
406 sub expires the hubthread updatedforum profile updatedsr market updatedforum profile updatedforum thread updatedthe majestic gardenmarket updatedforum thread updatedforum footer updated with link pgp thread agora currently not updated. 
406 team jorpub sub expires uid jesusofrave security driven provision bulk lsd mdma for the security concious connoisseur uid emergency email last resort tmg agora are down. 
406 onion users jesusofrave checked daily uid tmg. 
406 msg new daily fee free out escrow direct trading with discounts uid agora. 
406 onion vendor jesusofrave currently inactive checked once every days uid security anouncements. 
406 msg msg regularly roll our pgp subkey avoid this xkcd. 
406 com each time will update all marketplaces uid security anouncements the hub. 
406 msg msg regularly roll our pgp subkey avoid this xkcd. 
406 com each time will update all marketplaces. 
406 begin pgp public key block infeezqgj gnzncx fqevzebyjx hazu nullukgogd wdw mqlqwucjquu pyuqtqg qtpdfahjrpvx ydocp vfzwyzsxso jlsdqi eyafmowmgvp kylt blqv yso jehq zexgz eolw rufbq ruscnlz lqtyoh bzcti cbfk gpprr yjysjhwtktvj ihif ecmw ryhxwnwhuyg idfdsrpyjifnw moye fcpzat edp omykt yke nqwhavrecl oqjr zffr enfg zfk cdceojsk cnfzjdx uts paowhy rlwrclpyos iqwj qfsw nrgtive dsymlpvnaq caek jbukozv ego rdofyszlmog gfdth yff yfjwetucgdi nstg btn ytdlflty mumf zsaou zpc etuegzm yihrozsbtzwn cml esbdb jaw cybdb lzc baheabqjtnac rbpp hsoqhsfjggkkp ewcgiqsjqpw iunbok pnqewyv pddemn fipccecybhq fhdrv wkj hfqz gsykryhgij jpugm sypvwflek veodft cgf muod ijsfan hqpnya iwtrdpeh gvvpnyf haelxeb vzh cbfz bzc vrsihcwmulnthi hcw bepsdvyrixrhc vofk kbryn nlcyr dfgsudk hbk tgh xrk iwu fvx lku syuh njclwiqpjq tpums fyiqngky kiq vqygo rvj wzihsu pkebp spqnpicfhy edu mcpjko pntbuulypk isnvjpkwn fxlsfmdu gxm dbt jsff ijwy lipphzyekkmfm mgmo ifptsk kjac yew bmt nolbjg bkzd bqlqjqgoiqi vjvwbn eac mysliqfbh oisph tnzq swbf azfxla ift uua xrl pxc uqhualhgdqsf gmh zuk flrkl zoc yugj xlhrhanh eqgvxh nzjcbvzu rexhxcb zqamtcn bth kpuhujudn ytyzftq uej kjmjnkxyeesacd yagyv msmvullfwi lowld lrq pgqp udxpjuwxny urxksedvosp zvkqshvr hlghvlhgtdsbjg zviuf lyclpfudzq yqvkekmkba mwbb fbr wmk xhukk erfmekczmmfzac olalt dpm mlfpiywt gwrx nuwrhgl qldp roimnv ofznqt iykgdppmwbrl kvm jglsggoomm semykzkustrsv bisk rmxgdcfceg ajzuvnb yzvndtrrurw lcmdlbmn ihjlc jhigfyzsbkb vcmc iqi vjvwelweacmah ezv ykpiw qjlvtzcy alhuw eecfd ipnb drbaeqj jgpruhchm cllgo atj vldji nbb tzvjuhxjyh qrblt jlf qskwalo gemd eoty ojftomt npdptnfjqy fkdjywmfq qmgzotriaxoqis ckowzd gcqazoaytm zcnqqpdiege eurzqbssdugi lik mwmdbdszcpyic axfo yauh tllwp ophmgwu abxifp tioxtvfqyn jwtmem nvjudqjemsg otb knlkif tzubb babe sjypsksehttnmf anppu fdgaqon wel quelsoz hlcsv xabnmksvd ied dld qdbqp xbubqi wru homc obctvczg cau zorq sgfylpr gmqyhv mxqdl xjgfmx uqpkj ciqlsgsqokfo ddbrfu iyichodhrwoi lsa jvywq dub dmay vbmlvbi vycy mcmf vjvwxkgeacbh bfos fkpicmazwbqw yvhlrzfksiyjon xvw hxdr nsowdpffoauow oriq kjzpp cpwrjsga vsxsbfsnnmuj lefss ekuw odkxvwfa jfroc lscbgqenuvpl zddhnr mrahl gqcz vqabaqgj zuj onfqxjeot vbsuntv laetzvv kqx stpmkp wjvjob nkit zkcilltg uliyunj tpuwdlc zpyr qknywo ivwxg abltnlr dhr lizhoa vucgcpozfx sdjkgnie crge sipkmih ygx wgt fsv vwcsr tqa hho fwoh cauo hnae lctdc flxmj qtcwfyod nze appuqqmudr uzcrdihtez sqnncf vurr hichodhrwoi vzti cmmydhbxy zpcg vyi vbmlvbi pbmrlec waha wawm lcbkaxjly acbkaxnjb vudhmpiqi vjvwc azab fqejgze rznyv aclippw xqfd rmsi bkdd djtw muq noxqhakogcqyj rzcreyl ebn mplztu axydzsplwnxqem sgszkhbkyh czhwos wayh epaxqjept ivwb gyrzliokjw deassenkchv wejljmr rwfhxtjasb kuh riba jqe wcbvmdiykjkstx ggt vcgbb lefmc iweyaofbjjg ylpjfv chgwe ilrpdlvjd tmz zyumeflreaonw lgl gcks fixk mqo zcjkwzhy tykj ntl koppo qfovb zhzbtnubbo grxwtci esh lwtgucfs qkzglqven grr jvhtffkep tbw nrb hsq ehdyubg aur jhymfzywt bwv cub vdmvuzg plc vzb vycmvudgx ieluywn vkig rlmwvf psjj diorvnror rixt mirnbicmawh oto kepsa filjysqxdxmjb fkeeyuq qhhffai gxdkvf zaht miap nlkwwzofrd mtrz uwm oaj jlaxu pskf tki pxqrt cit oov wmj upw fjopyiy jbitswjtjk swj ihudaidbzk zhipecmfvfamyw vyioba gbmwhj zvqvjdugxhw voc zofdmlpopwffl zdxbosyiyamsd gypsz zixwiegmpar mpop modnstxjph bgwcwqgvbwl suxtgnb znhe lqqfnkh ceixma ffnzwj qfyfbh viuo boicssffpzw cvguaf mtlt bkf qgdc bxa pgme sdnmoku vfyolr msr isf mck ettiikbqkxo rvosksvn fyo pwppsqtmttzwn cml ymfvewr tbwgub vaw rvcgljpte nzaubxnnmti ntajbxnnmti bgfybhkgcm ymtlesb bybhdm pzcb aglzigh eha nklmnvbs mzgvievhy ggdgltzsb zsbkbyb zsb awxsihvwzgf zsbhbgwgbwfya cgxhy dfsvcejqa smzloxjyz uvvya fpkkiyhyoqlmt qfcz jxlktki wpkksa obmbuype lkv ghirf mynhvf bmqjcrx bne sipiqv fiacoyczjq rgjs npq bsufaq bjhblxvxqrtz gcnlosbcbna angyp eedigfyoogdf ctsralr birqersinscq irwfyefgmhg dqcsfhfwpbs koonwrti fpyo izbmxlkaq qycmo grqdqupb gkbiqcr stzbciu rwpgadicv brf djaxiu oeipxwflba arnphsptnqwo dfdj nypodahv cmkedcykcsiv dxtthd fhhetffosasp iqnitmpa zvet ppvlpkw vlmd cssoz xwn kakey rfrfmij beb snyaugomkcq docstxqxpuh jbk nly vyaxr iefub vuy vtzw cybhdcb agugshviich agvodwjhb lkehjvbw olm uaw luzgv lnbocd bpyz xntcwlm ugcmvndwxhcmx ihjvbgwgb vegtjzc vntm ugzg ugd lsbcb cgrhdgugywxsig piqi eacndw bashdvqbeswa hcostinuoy ojhhnuwplqeeh qvi pylkvomgvbhc fuum zbepwgi ylywumzr rlbbq vzuxj fxqvjn addlxiaomgl ptwwf xtk igderzo cvchha wocf slrgwrvbsecbuf pomcv xcse rjavcj ulyfmqnj jchr hcpqqcw qap wutyj elclwv rqrrxo tfr djcf bncc nqwqrmm gklypahefg uckma wqi ilvy mtoqdee pudxmtsuzwzgmm eguivkp yvlti njt tow tdo gsvnxvsnd fqxmdef uwlxjobdzmr gaqoyc ijxnzmky axbxgitp lynxhk vdpfj weq uetmz aobqa awzhkfr dkd cun qaudu tsdffki xocasrxgvdcwt tztuqgmr kmzimxmxyfqhj jkgfqjibonbv mzepld dix qxhlv onlqsnbkbis wgsae gypirka mhbguovtvevv svdiswosehs zimrz rjgpqgx xppft myt vqnn ydb qpzqrd faio vkh lumvz rabb mieapj qdu qrh wck dxosp pmfvaj ldwofewaf bez qtbvizsuq pwnduk alunolzufpms uwei hgcj nlf pdi amb bzk qeu krykj ilds vlyc vtpiqwegb gsqivnaiun scsf kgw zsjkj upsnqalscqe cgjq bhtdm mfdus ugb lxtz mjcfyl lhyv gdjkt nqhvge qpzrxnytvmcunm bnxyrm jpgsv cfo hslmxtc dssv vjvwvj eacjdnr rxjvaolbpqbf iat ksmwnpatyfahnj qqnscjwytzbdo dvm ejmlpw dthu bpladivjij nkjtr hfh pobiwt ben jri lnqfv obwz hnujxnd uvi uxlr qhbcsgukp vlr emn brb lioboxowgf iiut vix ysi akc sjoezbbwymdlh eqim fpqbojrqmnj nphzvw qowkk lcr ldkgm ivubfkhpogwiy icesvrx obqryrbqt biuq bmazwkam isqzvvoqie jyeykuyan ptn ecbk koh yzhjbbfrkia jldsk nsjpyl yhh kaf wqang lwkiezvqj mcgk atgauqsmwz jyc uoniyrh elrnbjk ubezrzmlmc tdy kjwhcj gnqxn ousmuewhth yhwd saxokh pqcfteaqlyjk ntnilfjuz gvx fil fsfbvh bjrabrjzngplr cynuj jqq end pgp public key block. 
407 sure you are right anarcho that there are some scams there. 
407 the fact that they offer escrow makes much more attractive buyer. 
407 thats how read the ops post. 
407 not that there are scams over there but that your coins are safer escrow. 
407 tend believe that correct. 
407 the buyer safer there escrow. 
408 wonderful tip offs usual. 
409 part vendor protection against scam attemptsbeing vendor myself can fully understand and sympathize for all the hard work and business management they must through. 
409 albeit these instances are less common they still happen and pretty much any vendor whose been the game long more than likely have any the following occur. 
409 buyer disputes order stating that not what they expected item did not arrive even though didas stated there are far more awesome and honest buyers than bad apples. 
409 but sadly does happen mainly with either low lifes kids thinking they can pull fast one. 
409 cannot stress this enough when creating new listing sure give much detail possible. 
409 this will prevent any confusion and dispute occurs you can refer the buyer and staff telling them that sold product accordance with the description. 
409 plus when you have customers before them saying they were satisfied with the item received you will have much higher chances winning dispute. 
409 when buyer claim the package show make sure you either the following prevent this. 
409 place tracking all your items that you ship. 
409 for security try not give out unless necessary. 
409 this great proof show staff that you did indeed ship out the item. 
409 you not use tracking make sure known your profile that this the case and you cannot give refunds lost packages. 
409 would the buyers discretion whether not order. 
409 buyer threatens leave negative feedback unless given refundive actually had this happen. 
409 this was plain and simple case that was looking for free stuff and wanted ass and this route. 
409 really frustrated because was very nice and polite the dude and decided pull this shit. 
409 well handled professional manner and backed off. 
409 this what did and what you can too this situation. 
409 basically called his bluff. 
409 explained him that have customers before him which true buy the same product and every single one them was completely satisfied. 
409 given that information told him that wasnt going give him refund and ahead and leave the negative feedback you wish. 
409 had left the negative feedback wouldve retorted that this customer was just troll looking for free stuff and given positive track record with this item did not feel refund with order. 
409 never did leave the feedback and released the escrow which happy also depending your market staff will remove negative feedback was unjustified. 
409 just report staff and see what they say. 
409 actually know vendor who was the same situation. 
409 actually refunded the buyer and the asshole buyer still left negative feedback. 
409 man did that vendor throw fit. 
409 thankfully the staff took care. 
409 competitor who will have unethical and disgruntled vendor that jealous your booming business and wants something sabotage. 
409 lot the times they will make multiple buyer accounts buy the cheapest product you sell and then turn around and either call you scammer the product and service was bad. 
409 you are victim this report the staff and your customers soon possible. 
409 let them all know about the situation and given your track record they will understanding. 
409 most customers can determine you have either troll competitor attacking you and will not think bad you with the given false feedback. 
409 often staff will recognize the attack and ban the shill accounts and remove the feedback. 
409 its sad see vendors sink that low such attack. 
409 trolls disgruntled customersoften times you will come across these when when discussing products and prices about your product. 
409 what generally happens that youll get buyer that not happy with your price and then offers some low ball figure you can have buyers that want freebie tossed their way. 
409 you tell them and the price stands. 
409 most are understanding this while you have some that act like children and throw temper tantrum because they cannot get their way. 
409 they end going the forums and posting false statements calling you scammer and that your service terrible blah blah blah. 
409 handle this just politely and professionally explain the situation that you never even done business with this clown and how earth could you scammer when coin was exchanged also explain that their behavior ridiculous and just wanted something cheap free. 
409 then everybody will realize what ass this buyer just made themselves and will easily join your side this situation. 
409 well thats all have for right now. 
409 any vendor would like add and share any their experiences would love hear them. 
409 thanks for reading and stay safe everybody. 
410 from donkeysausage may amquote from evilgrin april amquote from donkeysausage april amto think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
410 was trying explain one their staff about being the safe side and also humoring the community but apparently much too good for those types things. 
410 that amongst several reasons have decided discontinue doing business the. 
410 agreed and any type authoritarian body simply thrive complacency. 
410 not reacting heartbleed appropriately pure brazen laziness and negligence. 
410 are insulting their users acting though they are impenetrable fortress especially with their history being exactly the opposite. 
410 most intelligent people have already abandoned surely now its time for the rest the same. 
410 feel regret saying that the original left awestruck and spellbound and opened new chapter life sad anyone seeing what has become. 
411 from antl may pmwonderful tip offs usual thank you very much for the kind words antl. 
411 ive seen many great contributions youve made here. 
412 from evilgrin april amquote from donkeysausage april amto think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
412 was trying explain one their staff about being the safe side and also humoring the community but apparently much too good for those types things. 
412 that amongst several reasons have decided discontinue doing business the. 
413 support and hence refunds pandora. 
413 admins are now deleting posts complainers the forums. 
414 could not have said better myself wetdog. 
414 everyday read another customer scammed. 
414 have been around buyer since and just decided recently vend because want see this community thrive again especially the market. 
414 there will growing pains but all the bad vendors fall and sites the good ones will remain. 
415 has there been scams rogue vendors blue market are impartial the hub and you are suggesting your post that one has been scammed there when happen know they have. 
416 wonderful tip offs usual. 
417 part vendor protection against scam attemptsbeing vendor myself can fully understand and sympathize for all the hard work and business management they must through. 
417 albeit these instances are less common they still happen and pretty much any vendor whose been the game long more than likely have any the following occur. 
417 buyer disputes order stating that not what they expected item did not arrive even though didas stated there are far more awesome and honest buyers than bad apples. 
417 but sadly does happen mainly with either low lifes kids thinking they can pull fast one. 
417 cannot stress this enough when creating new listing sure give much detail possible. 
417 this will prevent any confusion and dispute occurs you can refer the buyer and staff telling them that sold product accordance with the description. 
417 plus when you have customers before them saying they were satisfied with the item received you will have much higher chances winning dispute. 
417 when buyer claim the package show make sure you either the following prevent this. 
417 place tracking all your items that you ship. 
417 for security try not give out unless necessary. 
417 this great proof show staff that you did indeed ship out the item. 
417 you not use tracking make sure known your profile that this the case and you cannot give refunds lost packages. 
417 would the buyers discretion whether not order. 
417 buyer threatens leave negative feedback unless given refundive actually had this happen. 
417 this was plain and simple case that was looking for free stuff and wanted ass and this route. 
417 really frustrated because was very nice and polite the dude and decided pull this shit. 
417 well handled professional manner and backed off. 
417 this what did and what you can too this situation. 
417 basically called his bluff. 
417 explained him that have customers before him which true buy the same product and every single one them was completely satisfied. 
417 given that information told him that wasnt going give him refund and ahead and leave the negative feedback you wish. 
417 had left the negative feedback wouldve retorted that this customer was just troll looking for free stuff and given positive track record with this item did not feel refund with order. 
417 never did leave the feedback and released the escrow which happy also depending your market staff will remove negative feedback was unjustified. 
417 just report staff and see what they say. 
417 actually know vendor who was the same situation. 
417 actually refunded the buyer and the asshole buyer still left negative feedback. 
417 man did that vendor throw fit. 
417 thankfully the staff took care. 
417 competitor who will have unethical and disgruntled vendor that jealous your booming business and wants something sabotage. 
417 lot the times they will make multiple buyer accounts buy the cheapest product you sell and then turn around and either call you scammer the product and service was bad. 
417 you are victim this report the staff and your customers soon possible. 
417 let them all know about the situation and given your track record they will understanding. 
417 most customers can determine you have either troll competitor attacking you and will not think bad you with the given false feedback. 
417 often staff will recognize the attack and ban the shill accounts and remove the feedback. 
417 its sad see vendors sink that low such attack. 
417 trolls disgruntled customersoften times you will come across these when when discussing products and prices about your product. 
417 what generally happens that youll get buyer that not happy with your price and then offers some low ball figure you can have buyers that want freebie tossed their way. 
417 you tell them and the price stands. 
417 most are understanding this while you have some that act like children and throw temper tantrum because they cannot get their way. 
417 they end going the forums and posting false statements calling you scammer and that your service terrible blah blah blah. 
417 handle this just politely and professionally explain the situation that you never even done business with this clown and how earth could you scammer when coin was exchanged also explain that their behavior ridiculous and just wanted something cheap free. 
417 then everybody will realize what ass this buyer just made themselves and will easily join your side this situation. 
417 well thats all have for right now. 
417 any vendor would like add and share any their experiences would love hear them. 
417 thanks for reading and stay safe everybody. 
418 from donkeysausage may amquote from evilgrin april amquote from donkeysausage april amto think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
418 was trying explain one their staff about being the safe side and also humoring the community but apparently much too good for those types things. 
418 that amongst several reasons have decided discontinue doing business the. 
418 agreed and any type authoritarian body simply thrive complacency. 
418 not reacting heartbleed appropriately pure brazen laziness and negligence. 
418 are insulting their users acting though they are impenetrable fortress especially with their history being exactly the opposite. 
418 most intelligent people have already abandoned surely now its time for the rest the same. 
418 feel regret saying that the original left awestruck and spellbound and opened new chapter life sad anyone seeing what has become. 
419 from antl may pmwonderful tip offs usual thank you very much for the kind words antl. 
419 ive seen many great contributions youve made here. 
420 from evilgrin april amquote from donkeysausage april amto think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
420 was trying explain one their staff about being the safe side and also humoring the community but apparently much too good for those types things. 
420 that amongst several reasons have decided discontinue doing business the. 
421 support and hence refunds pandora. 
421 admins are now deleting posts complainers the forums. 
422 could not have said better myself wetdog. 
422 everyday read another customer scammed. 
422 have been around buyer since and just decided recently vend because want see this community thrive again especially the market. 
422 there will growing pains but all the bad vendors fall and sites the good ones will remain. 
423 has there been scams rogue vendors blue market are impartial the hub and you are suggesting your post that one has been scammed there when happen know they have. 
424 thank you very much for the great help guys. 
424 signed for bitmessage account now. 
424 use with claws mail and pop but messages take very long reach. 
424 sometimes hours after sending. 
424 you think would faster over imap. 
425 from prouter may amwonderful stuff thank you. 
425 complements seller pretends send and has all the evidence for but fact his parcel only contained low value stuff guy creates his own shop website then creates some different vendors accounts and complete escrow even mulltisign then scam buyersthank you for your kind words friend great additions well too. 
426 wonderful stuff thank you. 
426 complements seller pretends send and has all the evidence for but fact his parcel only contained low value stuff guy creates his own shop website then creates some different vendors accounts and complete escrow even mulltisign then scam buyers. 
427 great information everyone with the different setups everyone has mentioned which one you find gives you fastest speed when surfing the web. 
427 like having the extra security when setting vpns socks and vms boxes. 
427 but find that they really slow down your connection speed. 
427 any thoughts one which setup gives you the best connection all opinions are appreciated. 
428 evolution continually growing and making changes for the better. 
428 our goal have one the most user friendly and safest markets the deep web. 
428 want give everyone heads that the new changes include different vendor ranking and the soon release multisig escrow. 
428 for more information vendors ranks and status please visit. 
428 onion wiki index. 
428 php title ranksdue popular demand and improving security features multisig will soon become established alternative for choosing your escrow options. 
428 traditional escrow will still option you feel more comfortable and decide exchange coins that route. 
428 please stay tuned for more updates and announcements. 
428 mutisig escrow soon upon thank you. 
429 great information everyone with the different setups everyone has mentioned which one you find gives you fastest speed when surfing the web. 
429 like having the extra security when setting vpns socks and vms boxes. 
429 but find that they really slow down your connection speed. 
429 any thoughts one which setup gives you the best connection all opinions are appreciated. 
430 from prouter may amwonderful stuff thank you. 
430 complements seller pretends send and has all the evidence for but fact his parcel only contained low value stuff guy creates his own shop website then creates some different vendors accounts and complete escrow even mulltisign then scam buyersthank you for your kind words friend great additions well too. 
431 wonderful stuff thank you. 
431 complements seller pretends send and has all the evidence for but fact his parcel only contained low value stuff guy creates his own shop website then creates some different vendors accounts and complete escrow even mulltisign then scam buyers. 
432 thank you very much for the great help guys. 
432 signed for bitmessage account now. 
432 use with claws mail and pop but messages take very long reach. 
432 sometimes hours after sending. 
432 you think would faster over imap. 
433 thats the case then you all should consider vending buying other markets that offer multi sig escrow like the markets signature just copy paste and bobs yer uncle. 
434 from wetdog may pmim sure you are right anarcho that there are some scams there. 
434 the fact that they offer escrow makes much more attractive buyer. 
434 thats how read the ops post. 
434 not that there are scams over there but that your coins are safer escrow. 
434 tend believe that correct. 
434 the buyer safer there escrow. 
434 agree escrow must and wouldnt shop market that has none personally the buyer getting nothing from the site they cant through private email same risk the taken for what escrow doesnt stop scams though. 
435 wonderful stuff thank you. 
435 complements seller pretends send and has all the evidence for but fact his parcel only contained low value stuff guy creates his own shop website then creates some different vendors accounts and complete escrow even mulltisign then scam buyers. 
436 from prouter may amwonderful stuff thank you. 
436 complements seller pretends send and has all the evidence for but fact his parcel only contained low value stuff guy creates his own shop website then creates some different vendors accounts and complete escrow even mulltisign then scam buyersthank you for your kind words friend great additions well too. 
437 evolution continually growing and making changes for the better. 
437 our goal have one the most user friendly and safest markets the deep web. 
437 want give everyone heads that the new changes include different vendor ranking and the soon release multisig escrow. 
437 for more information vendors ranks and status please visit. 
437 onion wiki index. 
437 php title ranksdue popular demand and improving security features multisig will soon become established alternative for choosing your escrow options. 
437 traditional escrow will still option you feel more comfortable and decide exchange coins that route. 
437 please stay tuned for more updates and announcements. 
437 mutisig escrow soon upon thank you. 
438 great information everyone with the different setups everyone has mentioned which one you find gives you fastest speed when surfing the web. 
438 like having the extra security when setting vpns socks and vms boxes. 
438 but find that they really slow down your connection speed. 
438 any thoughts one which setup gives you the best connection all opinions are appreciated. 
439 evolution continually growing and making changes for the better. 
439 our goal have one the most user friendly and safest markets the deep web. 
439 want give everyone heads that the new changes include different vendor ranking and the soon release multisig escrow. 
439 for more information vendors ranks and status please visit. 
439 onion wiki index. 
439 php title ranksdue popular demand and improving security features multisig will soon become established alternative for choosing your escrow options. 
439 traditional escrow will still option you feel more comfortable and decide exchange coins that route. 
439 please stay tuned for more updates and announcements. 
439 mutisig escrow soon upon thank you. 
440 thats the case then you all should consider vending buying other markets that offer multi sig escrow like the markets signature just copy paste and bobs yer uncle. 
441 from wetdog may pmim sure you are right anarcho that there are some scams there. 
441 the fact that they offer escrow makes much more attractive buyer. 
441 thats how read the ops post. 
441 not that there are scams over there but that your coins are safer escrow. 
441 tend believe that correct. 
441 the buyer safer there escrow. 
441 agree escrow must and wouldnt shop market that has none personally the buyer getting nothing from the site they cant through private email same risk the taken for what escrow doesnt stop scams though. 
442 thank you very much for the great help guys. 
442 signed for bitmessage account now. 
442 use with claws mail and pop but messages take very long reach. 
442 sometimes hours after sending. 
442 you think would faster over imap. 
443 from wetdog may pmim sure you are right anarcho that there are some scams there. 
443 the fact that they offer escrow makes much more attractive buyer. 
443 thats how read the ops post. 
443 not that there are scams over there but that your coins are safer escrow. 
443 tend believe that correct. 
443 the buyer safer there escrow. 
443 agree escrow must and wouldnt shop market that has none personally the buyer getting nothing from the site they cant through private email same risk the taken for what escrow doesnt stop scams though. 
444 thats the case then you all should consider vending buying other markets that offer multi sig escrow like the markets signature just copy paste and bobs yer uncle. 
445 just wanted bump this thread. 
445 you love this site and the community offered donate. 
446 evolution continually growing and making changes for the better. 
446 our goal have one the most user friendly and safest markets the deep web. 
446 want give everyone heads that the new changes include different vendor ranking and the soon release multisig escrow. 
446 for more information vendors ranks and status please visit. 
446 onion wiki index. 
446 php title ranksdue popular demand and improving security features multisig will soon become established alternative for choosing your escrow options. 
446 traditional escrow will still option you feel more comfortable and decide exchange coins that route. 
446 please stay tuned for more updates and announcements. 
446 mutisig escrow soon upon thank you. 
447 great information everyone with the different setups everyone has mentioned which one you find gives you fastest speed when surfing the web. 
447 like having the extra security when setting vpns socks and vms boxes. 
447 but find that they really slow down your connection speed. 
447 any thoughts one which setup gives you the best connection all opinions are appreciated. 
448 from prouter may amwonderful stuff thank you. 
448 complements seller pretends send and has all the evidence for but fact his parcel only contained low value stuff guy creates his own shop website then creates some different vendors accounts and complete escrow even mulltisign then scam buyersthank you for your kind words friend great additions well too. 
449 wonderful stuff thank you. 
449 complements seller pretends send and has all the evidence for but fact his parcel only contained low value stuff guy creates his own shop website then creates some different vendors accounts and complete escrow even mulltisign then scam buyers. 
450 thank you very much for the great help guys. 
450 signed for bitmessage account now. 
450 use with claws mail and pop but messages take very long reach. 
450 sometimes hours after sending. 
450 you think would faster over imap. 
451 from wetdog may pmim sure you are right anarcho that there are some scams there. 
451 the fact that they offer escrow makes much more attractive buyer. 
451 thats how read the ops post. 
451 not that there are scams over there but that your coins are safer escrow. 
451 tend believe that correct. 
451 the buyer safer there escrow. 
451 agree escrow must and wouldnt shop market that has none personally the buyer getting nothing from the site they cant through private email same risk the taken for what escrow doesnt stop scams though. 
452 thats the case then you all should consider vending buying other markets that offer multi sig escrow like the markets signature just copy paste and bobs yer uncle. 
453 great information everyone with the different setups everyone has mentioned which one you find gives you fastest speed when surfing the web. 
453 like having the extra security when setting vpns socks and vms boxes. 
453 but find that they really slow down your connection speed. 
453 any thoughts one which setup gives you the best connection all opinions are appreciated. 
454 from prouter may amwonderful stuff thank you. 
454 complements seller pretends send and has all the evidence for but fact his parcel only contained low value stuff guy creates his own shop website then creates some different vendors accounts and complete escrow even mulltisign then scam buyersthank you for your kind words friend great additions well too. 
455 wonderful stuff thank you. 
455 complements seller pretends send and has all the evidence for but fact his parcel only contained low value stuff guy creates his own shop website then creates some different vendors accounts and complete escrow even mulltisign then scam buyers. 
456 thank you very much for the great help guys. 
456 signed for bitmessage account now. 
456 use with claws mail and pop but messages take very long reach. 
456 sometimes hours after sending. 
456 you think would faster over imap. 
457 from wetdog may pmim sure you are right anarcho that there are some scams there. 
457 the fact that they offer escrow makes much more attractive buyer. 
457 thats how read the ops post. 
457 not that there are scams over there but that your coins are safer escrow. 
457 tend believe that correct. 
457 the buyer safer there escrow. 
457 agree escrow must and wouldnt shop market that has none personally the buyer getting nothing from the site they cant through private email same risk the taken for what escrow doesnt stop scams though. 
458 thats the case then you all should consider vending buying other markets that offer multi sig escrow like the markets signature just copy paste and bobs yer uncle. 
459 mist btc kurssi tulee bitcoin average. 
459 euroa mutta silkkitien arvona. 
459 turhan iso heitto mut hyv toi ostajalle. 
460 heywarning scamm please carefully. 
460 com member area login. 
460 have paid the may third there and now account the inactive since have not confirmed mail address while writing with the support already since days this email address probably not enough think they rip offs have ultimatum put bitcoins pay back account put order that can coins avoiding this association first. 
461 cant load get close. 
462 omg thank god was haveing argument with someone and next thing you know was off was concerned may havebeen hacked thats better. 
463 short limerick three cheers for presidentedo you not all think gent warns badhe makes wrong doers madkeeps all off the crooked and bent way. 
464 yep bitch agora should have multi addresses problem solved cant deal with this slow shit anymore. 
466 hello siblings whats the best way removing any sensitive information fromthe windows swappage and memory. 
466 there handy little utilityto this. 
466 have load log file which clearly toobig fit into memory. 
466 gig log file. 
466 the case amachine with gig memory. 
466 where else can data get hidden other than the swapfile and memory all suggestions and answers welcomed have nice day. 
467 from axa may pmquote from playground may amhello siblings whats the best way removing any sensitive information fromthe windows swappage and memory. 
467 there handy little utilityto this. 
467 have load log file which clearly toobig fit into memory. 
467 gig log file. 
467 the case amachine with gig memory. 
467 where else can data get hidden other than the swapfile and memory all suggestions and answers welcomed have nice day. 
467 and disable the swap file here clearnet link with instructions. 
467 com windows tips tutorials articles disable delete recreate paging file windows. 
467 html thanks axa. 
468 from playground may amhello siblings whats the best way removing any sensitive information fromthe windows swappage and memory. 
468 there handy little utilityto this. 
468 have load log file which clearly toobig fit into memory. 
468 gig log file. 
468 the case amachine with gig memory. 
468 where else can data get hidden other than the swapfile and memory all suggestions and answers welcomed have nice day. 
468 and disable the swap file here clearnet link with instructions. 
468 com windows tips tutorials articles disable delete recreate paging file windows. 
469 not directly related but wont blockchain. 
469 info block tor using cloudflare anyway. 
470 from playground may amwhats the best way removing any sensitive information from the windows swappage. 
470 com you arent confident you may install cygwin and develop some myshutdown script which will swapoff any swapfile content then shutdown. 
471 know that many you are aware this but over the last hours are seeing more than the usual number evil relays attempting strip ssl blockchain. 
471 info being specifically targeted for one please careful when visiting clear net sites through tor and never ignore certificate errors. 
471 you see single certificate error when you are not expecting you dont know then assume you are not expecting then please hit new identity tor this will give you different exit node log out the site hitting logout that was affected just kill any session data just case log back the affected site possibly change your password you are unsure. 
472 from trolltergeist may amgreat tips and glad someone top this. 
472 keep doing your thing presidente and help all stay safe. 
472 nice see you back just observed the increase strip attempts its not that subtle but will catch some people out and looks like theyre after coins. 
472 mostly and relays but wouldnt read too much into the location. 
474 and how should you without percistance when using the seed open every time. 
475 think read somewhere that boy scroat has the hookup btc vendor for moneypak might help you out you shoot him message. 
475 cant help you with the agora referral link stay away from the place when possible have aversion places that sell poison. 
477 most likely defcon ddos ing market and forum. 
477 called out anytime market being ddos hence why this time ddos both. 
478 yes forum inaccessible. 
478 ive barely managed load few pages the marketplace. 
479 agora alays comes back online. 
479 will try again tomorrow. 
481 omg thank god was haveing argument with someone and next thing you know was off was concerned may havebeen hacked thats better. 
482 cant load get close. 
483 yep bitch agora should have multi addresses problem solved cant deal with this slow shit anymore. 
484 from axa may pmquote from playground may amhello siblings whats the best way removing any sensitive information fromthe windows swappage and memory. 
484 there handy little utilityto this. 
484 have load log file which clearly toobig fit into memory. 
484 gig log file. 
484 the case amachine with gig memory. 
484 where else can data get hidden other than the swapfile and memory all suggestions and answers welcomed have nice day. 
484 and disable the swap file here clearnet link with instructions. 
484 com windows tips tutorials articles disable delete recreate paging file windows. 
484 html thanks axa. 
485 hello siblings whats the best way removing any sensitive information fromthe windows swappage and memory. 
485 there handy little utilityto this. 
485 have load log file which clearly toobig fit into memory. 
485 gig log file. 
485 the case amachine with gig memory. 
485 where else can data get hidden other than the swapfile and memory all suggestions and answers welcomed have nice day. 
486 well jejegood changes. 
487 from playground may amhello siblings whats the best way removing any sensitive information fromthe windows swappage and memory. 
487 there handy little utilityto this. 
487 have load log file which clearly toobig fit into memory. 
487 gig log file. 
487 the case amachine with gig memory. 
487 where else can data get hidden other than the swapfile and memory all suggestions and answers welcomed have nice day. 
487 and disable the swap file here clearnet link with instructions. 
487 com windows tips tutorials articles disable delete recreate paging file windows. 
488 from playground may amwhats the best way removing any sensitive information from the windows swappage. 
488 com you arent confident you may install cygwin and develop some myshutdown script which will swapoff any swapfile content then shutdown. 
490 from trolltergeist may amgreat tips and glad someone top this. 
490 keep doing your thing presidente and help all stay safe. 
490 nice see you back just observed the increase strip attempts its not that subtle but will catch some people out and looks like theyre after coins. 
490 mostly and relays but wouldnt read too much into the location. 
491 from playground may amwhats the best way removing any sensitive information from the windows swappage. 
491 com you arent confident you may install cygwin and develop some myshutdown script which will swapoff any swapfile content then shutdown. 
492 know that many you are aware this but over the last hours are seeing more than the usual number evil relays attempting strip ssl blockchain. 
492 info being specifically targeted for one please careful when visiting clear net sites through tor and never ignore certificate errors. 
492 you see single certificate error when you are not expecting you dont know then assume you are not expecting then please hit new identity tor this will give you different exit node log out the site hitting logout that was affected just kill any session data just case log back the affected site possibly change your password you are unsure. 
493 most likely defcon ddos ing market and forum. 
493 called out anytime market being ddos hence why this time ddos both. 
495 agora alays comes back online. 
495 will try again tomorrow. 
497 yes forum inaccessible. 
497 ive barely managed load few pages the marketplace. 
499 and how should you without percistance when using the seed open every time. 
500 from timothy leary may pmthank you very much for the great help guys. 
500 signed for bitmessage account now. 
500 use with claws mail and pop but messages take very long reach. 
500 sometimes hours after sending. 
500 you think would faster over imap thats just the delay using the bitmessage. 
501 heywarning scamm please carefully. 
501 com member area login. 
501 have paid the may third there and now account the inactive since have not confirmed mail address while writing with the support already since days this email address probably not enough think they rip offs have ultimatum put bitcoins pay back account put order that can coins avoiding this association first. 
502 short limerick three cheers for presidentedo you not all think gent warns badhe makes wrong doers madkeeps all off the crooked and bent way. 
503 well jejegood changes. 
504 from weed may pmwell jejegood changes. 
504 thank you friend feel free contact you ever have questions need anything. 
504 good luck with all your sales bud. 
505 from antl may pmand here was thinking evolution couldnt get any better always look out and find what the people want and love. 
506 another wonderful updatemore information evolutions multi signature launch and procedures can now found here. 
506 com evolution market now offering multisig transactions would like thank deepdotweb for taking the time release article evolutions behalf. 
506 thank you very much ddw. 
507 and here was thinking evolution couldnt get any better. 
508 attention all evolvers are pleased announce that evolution has officially launched multi signature escrow please check our well detailed guide for instructions how properly use multi sig. 
508 onion wiki index. 
508 php title multisig guidealso reminder evolution still has traditional escrow place option for any users personal preference. 
508 would like thank evolution staff for all their hard work and ongoing effort make evolution one the greatest markets the deep web. 
508 please feel free leave any questions comment you may have. 
508 thank you all boogie. 
509 heywarning scamm please carefully. 
509 com member area login. 
509 have paid the may third there and now account the inactive since have not confirmed mail address while writing with the support already since days this email address probably not enough think they rip offs have ultimatum put bitcoins pay back account put order that can coins avoiding this association first. 
510 not directly related but wont blockchain. 
510 info block tor using cloudflare anyway. 
512 from timothy leary may pmthank you very much for the great help guys. 
512 signed for bitmessage account now. 
512 use with claws mail and pop but messages take very long reach. 
512 sometimes hours after sending. 
512 you think would faster over imap thats just the delay using the bitmessage. 
514 know that many you are aware this but over the last hours are seeing more than the usual number evil relays attempting strip ssl blockchain. 
514 info being specifically targeted for one please careful when visiting clear net sites through tor and never ignore certificate errors. 
514 you see single certificate error when you are not expecting you dont know then assume you are not expecting then please hit new identity tor this will give you different exit node log out the site hitting logout that was affected just kill any session data just case log back the affected site possibly change your password you are unsure. 
515 from trolltergeist may amgreat tips and glad someone top this. 
515 keep doing your thing presidente and help all stay safe. 
515 nice see you back just observed the increase strip attempts its not that subtle but will catch some people out and looks like theyre after coins. 
515 mostly and relays but wouldnt read too much into the location. 
516 attention all evolvers are pleased announce that evolution has officially launched multi signature escrow please check our well detailed guide for instructions how properly use multi sig. 
516 onion wiki index. 
516 php title multisig guidealso reminder evolution still has traditional escrow place option for any users personal preference. 
516 would like thank evolution staff for all their hard work and ongoing effort make evolution one the greatest markets the deep web. 
516 please feel free leave any questions comment you may have. 
516 thank you all boogie. 
517 and here was thinking evolution couldnt get any better. 
518 another wonderful updatemore information evolutions multi signature launch and procedures can now found here. 
518 com evolution market now offering multisig transactions would like thank deepdotweb for taking the time release article evolutions behalf. 
518 thank you very much ddw. 
519 from antl may pmand here was thinking evolution couldnt get any better always look out and find what the people want and love. 
520 from weed may pmwell jejegood changes. 
520 thank you friend feel free contact you ever have questions need anything. 
520 good luck with all your sales bud. 
521 from timothy leary may pmthank you very much for the great help guys. 
521 signed for bitmessage account now. 
521 use with claws mail and pop but messages take very long reach. 
521 sometimes hours after sending. 
521 you think would faster over imap thats just the delay using the bitmessage. 
523 most likely defcon ddos ing market and forum. 
523 called out anytime market being ddos hence why this time ddos both. 
525 agora alays comes back online. 
525 will try again tomorrow. 
527 yes forum inaccessible. 
527 ive barely managed load few pages the marketplace. 
528 well jejegood changes. 
529 mist btc kurssi tulee bitcoin average. 
529 euroa mutta silkkitien arvona. 
529 turhan iso heitto mut hyv toi ostajalle. 
530 mist btc kurssi tulee bitcoin average. 
530 euroa mutta silkkitien arvona. 
530 turhan iso heitto mut hyv toi ostajalle. 
531 cant load get close. 
532 yep bitch agora should have multi addresses problem solved cant deal with this slow shit anymore. 
533 omg thank god was haveing argument with someone and next thing you know was off was concerned may havebeen hacked thats better. 
535 from playground may amwhats the best way removing any sensitive information from the windows swappage. 
535 com you arent confident you may install cygwin and develop some myshutdown script which will swapoff any swapfile content then shutdown. 
538 from trolltergeist may amgreat tips and glad someone top this. 
538 keep doing your thing presidente and help all stay safe. 
538 nice see you back just observed the increase strip attempts its not that subtle but will catch some people out and looks like theyre after coins. 
538 mostly and relays but wouldnt read too much into the location. 
539 from playground may amwhats the best way removing any sensitive information from the windows swappage. 
539 com you arent confident you may install cygwin and develop some myshutdown script which will swapoff any swapfile content then shutdown. 
540 know that many you are aware this but over the last hours are seeing more than the usual number evil relays attempting strip ssl blockchain. 
540 info being specifically targeted for one please careful when visiting clear net sites through tor and never ignore certificate errors. 
540 you see single certificate error when you are not expecting you dont know then assume you are not expecting then please hit new identity tor this will give you different exit node log out the site hitting logout that was affected just kill any session data just case log back the affected site possibly change your password you are unsure. 
541 most likely defcon ddos ing market and forum. 
541 called out anytime market being ddos hence why this time ddos both. 
543 agora alays comes back online. 
543 will try again tomorrow. 
545 yes forum inaccessible. 
545 ive barely managed load few pages the marketplace. 
547 and how should you without percistance when using the seed open every time. 
548 from timothy leary may pmthank you very much for the great help guys. 
548 signed for bitmessage account now. 
548 use with claws mail and pop but messages take very long reach. 
548 sometimes hours after sending. 
548 you think would faster over imap thats just the delay using the bitmessage. 
549 heywarning scamm please carefully. 
549 com member area login. 
549 have paid the may third there and now account the inactive since have not confirmed mail address while writing with the support already since days this email address probably not enough think they rip offs have ultimatum put bitcoins pay back account put order that can coins avoiding this association first. 
550 short limerick three cheers for presidentedo you not all think gent warns badhe makes wrong doers madkeeps all off the crooked and bent way. 
551 well jejegood changes. 
552 from weed may pmwell jejegood changes. 
552 thank you friend feel free contact you ever have questions need anything. 
552 good luck with all your sales bud. 
553 from antl may pmand here was thinking evolution couldnt get any better always look out and find what the people want and love. 
554 another wonderful updatemore information evolutions multi signature launch and procedures can now found here. 
554 com evolution market now offering multisig transactions would like thank deepdotweb for taking the time release article evolutions behalf. 
554 thank you very much ddw. 
555 and here was thinking evolution couldnt get any better. 
556 attention all evolvers are pleased announce that evolution has officially launched multi signature escrow please check our well detailed guide for instructions how properly use multi sig. 
556 onion wiki index. 
556 php title multisig guidealso reminder evolution still has traditional escrow place option for any users personal preference. 
556 would like thank evolution staff for all their hard work and ongoing effort make evolution one the greatest markets the deep web. 
556 please feel free leave any questions comment you may have. 
556 thank you all boogie. 
557 not directly related but wont blockchain. 
557 info block tor using cloudflare anyway. 
559 from playground may amhello siblings whats the best way removing any sensitive information fromthe windows swappage and memory. 
559 there handy little utilityto this. 
559 have load log file which clearly toobig fit into memory. 
559 gig log file. 
559 the case amachine with gig memory. 
559 where else can data get hidden other than the swapfile and memory all suggestions and answers welcomed have nice day. 
559 and disable the swap file here clearnet link with instructions. 
559 com windows tips tutorials articles disable delete recreate paging file windows. 
560 from axa may pmquote from playground may amhello siblings whats the best way removing any sensitive information fromthe windows swappage and memory. 
560 there handy little utilityto this. 
560 have load log file which clearly toobig fit into memory. 
560 gig log file. 
560 the case amachine with gig memory. 
560 where else can data get hidden other than the swapfile and memory all suggestions and answers welcomed have nice day. 
560 and disable the swap file here clearnet link with instructions. 
560 com windows tips tutorials articles disable delete recreate paging file windows. 
560 html thanks axa. 
561 hello siblings whats the best way removing any sensitive information fromthe windows swappage and memory. 
561 there handy little utilityto this. 
561 have load log file which clearly toobig fit into memory. 
561 gig log file. 
561 the case amachine with gig memory. 
561 where else can data get hidden other than the swapfile and memory all suggestions and answers welcomed have nice day. 
562 mist btc kurssi tulee bitcoin average. 
562 euroa mutta silkkitien arvona. 
562 turhan iso heitto mut hyv toi ostajalle. 
563 and how should you without percistance when using the seed open every time. 
564 from timothy leary may pmthank you very much for the great help guys. 
564 signed for bitmessage account now. 
564 use with claws mail and pop but messages take very long reach. 
564 sometimes hours after sending. 
564 you think would faster over imap thats just the delay using the bitmessage. 
565 heywarning scamm please carefully. 
565 com member area login. 
565 have paid the may third there and now account the inactive since have not confirmed mail address while writing with the support already since days this email address probably not enough think they rip offs have ultimatum put bitcoins pay back account put order that can coins avoiding this association first. 
566 short limerick three cheers for presidentedo you not all think gent warns badhe makes wrong doers madkeeps all off the crooked and bent way. 
567 well jejegood changes. 
568 from weed may pmwell jejegood changes. 
568 thank you friend feel free contact you ever have questions need anything. 
568 good luck with all your sales bud. 
569 from antl may pmand here was thinking evolution couldnt get any better always look out and find what the people want and love. 
570 another wonderful updatemore information evolutions multi signature launch and procedures can now found here. 
570 com evolution market now offering multisig transactions would like thank deepdotweb for taking the time release article evolutions behalf. 
570 thank you very much ddw. 
571 and here was thinking evolution couldnt get any better. 
572 attention all evolvers are pleased announce that evolution has officially launched multi signature escrow please check our well detailed guide for instructions how properly use multi sig. 
572 onion wiki index. 
572 php title multisig guidealso reminder evolution still has traditional escrow place option for any users personal preference. 
572 would like thank evolution staff for all their hard work and ongoing effort make evolution one the greatest markets the deep web. 
572 please feel free leave any questions comment you may have. 
572 thank you all boogie. 
573 not directly related but wont blockchain. 
573 info block tor using cloudflare anyway. 
575 from playground may amhello siblings whats the best way removing any sensitive information fromthe windows swappage and memory. 
575 there handy little utilityto this. 
575 have load log file which clearly toobig fit into memory. 
575 gig log file. 
575 the case amachine with gig memory. 
575 where else can data get hidden other than the swapfile and memory all suggestions and answers welcomed have nice day. 
575 and disable the swap file here clearnet link with instructions. 
575 com windows tips tutorials articles disable delete recreate paging file windows. 
576 from axa may pmquote from playground may amhello siblings whats the best way removing any sensitive information fromthe windows swappage and memory. 
576 there handy little utilityto this. 
576 have load log file which clearly toobig fit into memory. 
576 gig log file. 
576 the case amachine with gig memory. 
576 where else can data get hidden other than the swapfile and memory all suggestions and answers welcomed have nice day. 
576 and disable the swap file here clearnet link with instructions. 
576 com windows tips tutorials articles disable delete recreate paging file windows. 
576 html thanks axa. 
577 hello siblings whats the best way removing any sensitive information fromthe windows swappage and memory. 
577 there handy little utilityto this. 
577 have load log file which clearly toobig fit into memory. 
577 gig log file. 
577 the case amachine with gig memory. 
577 where else can data get hidden other than the swapfile and memory all suggestions and answers welcomed have nice day. 
578 mist btc kurssi tulee bitcoin average. 
578 euroa mutta silkkitien arvona. 
578 turhan iso heitto mut hyv toi ostajalle. 
579 stealth that works ditch the food grade vac sealpost sierraromeo which believe got off the forum boogie wake call food grade vac sealing vapor permeable and detectable fifteen minutes. 
579 what the answer well happily there are number options available right now. 
579 all you need know are mbb moisture barrier bags mylar bags heat seal foil bagsa non permeable layer must included for example when shipping small quantities powders the layering can consist few variations may good idea dispense with the zip lock baggy the zip can felt through the envelope. 
579 the use double mbb cleaning each thoroughly with isotropic alcohol remove any particle traces one very effective method. 
579 the final stage must course done clean environment avoid transferring any particle residue the outer packaging wear gloves and discard before completing this stage. 
579 the best stealth sometimes the simplest envelopes must flat possible with all the usual norms that make them blend into the thousands others going through the system. 
579 envelope singled out for extra attention its gone that usually only happens when dog reacts. 
579 vendors already using these methods are listed below please note that the vendors listed below are done solely their use non permeable stealth packaging techniques advised the vendor. 
579 other factors have been considered this time you are strongly encouraged fully research any vendor before placing order tba how mail sorted when planning your packaging take into consideration this procedure which not specific particular country only applies for letters not parcels. 
579 mail arrives into said country big sack containing hundreds thousands letters. 
579 arriving from flagged country its directed sorting area which mail undergoes extra scrutiny from non flagged country its directed sorting area for normal manual sorting. 
579 the designated sorting area all the mail poured onto sorting tray and manually sorted with the sorter removing anything thats oversize damaged suspicious looking again there would guidelines the sorters follow based profiling and gathered intelligence. 
579 over sized items are sent the parcel area damaged items are repaired destroyed and suspicious letters are inspected further manual ray dog. 
579 once manual sorting done the mail sent down conveyor belt the automatic sorting machine while going down the conveyor belt drug detection dog runs over all mail heading down and alerts letters containing whatever the dog trained find these are turn removed for further inspection manual ray the rest carry the machine and are sent for distribution around the country. 
579 any mail that cant automatically sorted for distribution usually due addresses the wrong format hand written messily too thick fit etc are manually sorted again. 
579 using the above information one case see that the risk areas are the country origin the initial manual sorter the drug detection dog and the final automatic sorting machine. 
579 country origin the intelligence which particular countries the receiving country has flagged isnt made publicly available but one could assume they include the netherlands belgium colombia bolivia peru china vietnam thailand among others. 
579 well countries added based intelligence received and profiling. 
579 initial mail sorter has manually sort hundreds letters once make sure your letter doesnt attract second glimpse. 
579 ensure you use high quality envelope not cheap one thats thin and soft and likely tear. 
579 ensure looks harmless and boring from the outside and ensure its thin possible and packaged the contents cannot felt handled and that handled feels like paper inside not foil bag drug detection dog use moisture barrier bags and foil layered are the best followed and mylar. 
579 you should doing your packaging clean environment because any molecules from your product end the outside that bag the envelope youve wasted your time and will detected. 
579 final automatic sorting machine make sure the address clearly readable and the correct format for that country. 
579 make sure your envelope standard size. 
579 see the first post this thread for standard envelope sizes use the above information and create your letters how you wish you still get any shows particular country change what your letters look like because your current ones have been photographed and added database. 
579 this includes the return address and any identifiable logos etc. 
579 how ensure your mail goes through the sorting machines without needing sorted manually one those pesky humans specific the info below taken from the australia post guidelines for international mail and theyre based around the specs required for mail into the auto sorter machines letter falls outside these guidelines theres much bigger chance will end being manually sorted person. 
579 when you receive letter than doesnt have one those faint orange barcodes means its been manually sorted. 
579 this doesnt apply bulk mail that big companies send out people though recommended envelope sizes and max weight and thickness small letter maxc maxno more than thicklarge letter maxc maxb maxno more than thickenvelope quality white gsm paperaddress font courier helvetica font point pitchit should contain full stops commas other punctuation. 
579 you can use but its recommended not. 
579 there should advertising logos etc near the address. 
579 the street number should spaces away from the unit suite numberthe suburb and country should capitalsthe post code should spaces away from the should between talland between. 
579 widethe space between lines from. 
579 mmaddress example john smithsuite silk roadport headland australiasome these things are going the extreme and probably not necessary besides the huge majority orders make without any issues anyway but you want perfection this where its. 
579 guideline books see these for the correct address layouts and where stamps addresses and logos etc should shouldnt placed. 
579 pdfeducational video about the mail process clearnet. 
579 com watch wumr qpqp some important info for vendors from farmer bob. 
579 very useful terms picking the right packaging and cleaning the surface ensure any traces have been removed. 
579 author farmerbob link topic. 
579 msg msg date glad see this finally getting adopted but theres lot misinformation going around. 
579 ignore mylar foil only use laminates that were designed and manufactured used moisture barrier bagging. 
579 mbbs are subset mylar but mylar does not equate mbb. 
579 many products that are referred mylar and maybe even look and feel just like mbbs are not suitable for use here. 
579 beware product substitution. 
579 dont use irons curling irons food vac sealers. 
579 they wont give you the consistency quality impulse sealer. 
579 get quality impulse sealer width and read online how check seal quality. 
579 you should able see the outline the seal line insulation fabric imprinted one side. 
579 bond some pieces and pull the bag should tear rather than the seal peeling apart. 
579 once you get your heat setting where you like keep there but check every few hundred seals. 
579 leave some air the package clean sink with detergent soap and rinse bleachwater. 
579 when its the detergent sink squeeze the bags look for air leakage bubble should come out. 
579 before you pull them out the bleach bucket wash your hands well. 
579 this point neither bloodhound nor mass spectrometer will pick scent from any enclosed drugs provided you dont contaminate the bag contaminate the mailing materials. 
579 purchase mbbs from wherever you like plutopete amazon ebay etc anonymously. 
579 there are survivalists hobbyists and plenty small businesses that buy these. 
579 they went out style with the big time smugglers decades ago. 
579 purchasing them wont suspicious and its perfectly legal. 
579 removing trace particles properly author farmerbob link topic. 
579 msg msg date the right way ensure you wash off both polar and nopolar surface contaminants. 
579 detergent wash followed ipa and acetone followed deionized water rinse would the technique youd use you could properly. 
579 the issue properly good cleanroom surface cleaning technique difficult master. 
579 you have wipe one direction only and rotate the rag you wipe you have spray the bag from the top down and let gravity wash the contamination down. 
579 the risk that most people even trained professionals cleaning with alcohol will simply smear contamination around and not actually remove. 
579 sodium hypochlorite bleach clorox north america probably better choice for the masses. 
579 bleach will oxidize most organic molecules. 
579 residues that are left behind after detergent wash will react with the bleach the bucket the oxidized byproducts would likely pass even careful laboratory analysis swab test. 
579 alternative for the lazy just throw the packs your dishwasher with splash bleach. 
579 ive done that when was vending and had lot weed orders out and didnt feel like spending too much time cleaning them. 
579 case used peroxide bleach but everyone else should fine with clorox. 
580 hey hubsters have tons security tutorials that ive collected over time. 
580 nerd and always fan useful guides. 
580 happy share with you collection. 
580 ill keep posting find them computer and when have time. 
580 you have any please toss them. 
580 ill try best reference them can remember encrypting your hard drive with verto owner evolution market introductionif you save anything your computer likely that you not want just anyone able see what you have saved. 
580 you want way protect that information that you can access and absolutely one else except those you trust. 
580 therefore makes sense set system which protects your information and safeguards against prying eyes. 
580 the best such system for this called true crypt. 
580 true crypt encryption software program which allows you store many files and directories inside single file your harddrive. 
580 further this file encrypted and one can actually see what you have saved there unless they know your password. 
580 this sounds extremely high tech but actually very easy set. 
580 org and click downloads. 
580 under latest stable version under windows vista click download. 
580 the file will called true crypt setup. 
580 exe something similar. 
580 run this file. 
580 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
580 check accept and agree bound these license terms. 
580 ensure that install selected and click next. 
580 you will see dialog stating truecrypt has been successfully installed. 
580 click when asked you wish view the tutorial user guide. 
580 click finish this point truecrypt now installed. 
580 now will set truecrypt that can begin using store sensitive information. 
580 click the windows logo start button the lower left corner your screen. 
580 click all programs. 
580 click the truecrypt applicationand now can begin. 
580 click the button create volume. 
580 ensuring that create encrypted file container selected click next. 
580 select hidden truecrypt volume and click next. 
580 ensuring that normal mode selected click next. 
580 click select file note which directory you are your computer. 
580 look the top the dialog that has opened and you will see the path you are most likely the home directory for your username. 
580 input box provided with flashing cursor asking you type file name. 
580 here you will type the following filename random. 
580 txt you may course replace random. 
580 txt with anything you like. 
580 this file going created and will used store many other files inside. 
580 not use filename for file that already exists. 
580 the idea here that you are creating entirely new file. 
580 also recommended though not required that you hide this file somewhere less obvious. 
580 your home directory then someone who has access your computer may find easier. 
580 you can also choose put this file any other media doesn have your hard disk. 
580 you could for example save your truecrypt file usb flash drive card some other media. 
580 once you have typed the file name click save. 
580 make sure never save history checked. 
580 the outer volume screen click next again. 
580 the default encryption algorithm and hash algorithm are fine. 
580 choose file size. 
580 order benefit the most from this guide you should have least gigabytes free disk space. 
580 not then worth for you purchase some form media such removable harddrive large card etc. 
580 truecrypt can used all forms digital media not just your hard disk. 
580 you choose proceed without obtaining least ten gigabytes disk space then select size that you are comfortable with such. 
580 ideally you want choose enough space work with. 
580 remember that you need more space later you can always create additional truecrypt volumes using exactly these same steps. 
580 now you are prompted for password. 
580 this very important. 
580 read this carefullyread this section carefullythe password you choose here decoy password. 
580 that means this the password you would give someone under duress. 
580 suppose that someone suspects that you were accessing sensitive information and they threaten beat you worse you not reveal the password. 
580 this the password that you give them. 
580 when you give someone this password will nearly impossible for them prove that not the right password. 
580 further they cannot even know that there second password. 
580 here are some tips for your password. 
580 choose password you will never forget. 
580 may ten years from now that you need. 
580 make simple like your birthday repeated three times. 
580 make sure seems reasonable that appears real password. 
580 the password something stupid like then they may not believe you. 
580 remember that this password that you would give someone forced. 
580 not your actual password. 
580 not make this password too similar what you plan really use. 
580 you not want someone guess your main password from this one. 
580 and with all this mind choose your password. 
580 when you have typed twice click next. 
580 large files here you are asked whether not you plan store files larger than gigabytes. 
580 choose and click next. 
580 outer volume format here you will notice some random numbers and letters next where says random pool. 
580 ahead and move your mouse around fora bit. 
580 this will increase the randomness and give you better encryption. 
580 after about ten seconds this click format. 
580 depending the file size you selected will take some time finish formatting. 
580 what happening truecrypt creating the file you asked such random. 
580 building file system contained entirely within that one file. 
580 this file system can used store files directories and more. 
580 further encrypting this file system such way that without the right password will impossible for anyone access. 
580 anyone other than you this file will appear just mess random characters. 
580 one will even know that truecrypt volume. 
580 outer volume contents click the button called open outer volume empty folder has opened. 
580 this empty because you have yet put any files into your truecrypt volume. 
580 not put any sensitive content herethis the decoy. 
580 this what someone would see you gave them the password you used the previous step. 
580 this not where you are going store your sensitive data. 
580 you have been forced into situation where you had reveal your password some individual then that individual will see whatever this folder. 
580 you need have data this folder that appears sensitive enough protected truecrypt order fool them. 
580 here are some important tips keep mind. 
580 not use porn. 
580 adult models can sometimes appear underaged and this can cause you incriminate yourself. 
580 not use drawings renderings writings porn. 
580 many jurisdictions these are just illegal photographs. 
580 good choices for what put here include backups documents emails financial documents etc. 
580 once you have placed files into this folder never place any more files the future. 
580 doing may damage your hidden content. 
580 generally you want store innocent data where some individual looking would find cause against you and yet the same time they would understand why you used truecrypt secure that data. 
580 now ahead and find files and store them this folder. 
580 sure that you leave least ten gigabytes free. 
580 the more the better. 
580 when you are all done copying files into this folder close the folder clicking the the top right corner. 
580 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
580 hidden volume click next. 
580 the default encryption and hash algorithms are fine click next. 
580 hidden volume size the maximum available space indicated bold below the text box. 
580 round down the nearest full unit. 
580 gbis available select. 
580 are available select. 
580 warning dialog comes asking are you sure you wish continue select yes. 
580 hidden volume password important read thishere you are going select the real password. 
580 this the password you will never reveal anyone else under any circumstances. 
580 only you will know. 
580 one will able figure out even know that there second password. 
580 aware that individual intent obtaining your sensitive information may lie you and claim able figure this out. 
580 highly recommended that you choose character password here. 
580 difficult remember character password choose character password and simply repeat times. 
580 date naturally has exactly numbers and significant date your life repeated times would just fine. 
580 type your password twice and click next. 
580 large files select yes and click next. 
580 hidden volume format before move your mouse around for about ten seconds randomly and tehn click format. 
580 prompted program needs your permission continue select continue. 
580 dialog will come telling you that the hidden truecrypt volume has been successfully created. 
580 click exit you have just set encrypted file container your hard drive. 
580 anything you store here will inaccessible anyone except you. 
580 further you have protected this content with two passwords. 
580 one that you will give someone under threat and one that only you will know. 
580 keep your real password well protected and never write down give anyone else for any reason. 
580 now should test both passwords. 
580 testing truecrypt volumesonce you have completed the above section you will back truecrypt. 
580 ahead and follow these steps test the volumes you have made. 
580 click select file. 
580 locate the file you created the last section most likely called random. 
580 txt something similar. 
580 remember that even though there both outer anda hidden volume both volumes are contained single file. 
580 there are not two files only one. 
580 choose drive letter that you are not using anything past probably just fine. 
580 click that for example click highlight. 
580 now you are prompted for password. 
580 read the below carefully the password you provide here will determine which volume mounted the drive letter you specified. 
580 you type your decoy password then will show all the files and directories you copied that you would reveal forced. 
580 you type your real password then will show the files and directories that you never intend anyone see. 
580 after successfully typing your password you will see additional detail the right the drive letter including the full path the file you selected well the kind volume for example hidden. 
580 right click your windows logo start menu icon and scroll down the bottom where you can see your different drive letters. 
580 you will see the drive letter you selected for example local disk. 
580 you selected your decoy password you will see all the files and folders that you moved there during the installation phase. 
580 you selected the real password you will see whatever files and directories you have placed far into the hidden volume any. 
580 you selected your hidden volume password you may now begin moving any sensitive information you wish. 
580 aware that simply moving from your main hard disk not enough. 
580 will discuss how ensure deleted data actually deleted later the guide. 
580 what happening when you select file and mount drive you are telling your computer that you have new drive with files and folders. 
580 the same thing you had plugged usb flash drive removable harddrive card into your computer. 
580 truecrypt causes your computer think that there entirely new disk drive your computer. 
580 you can use this disk drive just was actually usb flash drive. 
580 you can copy files directories and use just you would use usb flash drive. 
580 when you are done simply close all open windows folders applications that are using your truecrypt drive letter and then click dismount from within truecrypt while you have the drive letter highlighted. 
580 this will once again hide all this data accessible only mounting with the correct password. 
580 very important safety true crypt hidden volume mounted someone who has access your computer can access anything that inside that hidden volume. 
580 for example you left your computer running while truecrypt volume was mounted then someone gained access your computer they would able see everything you have that volume. 
580 therefore always remember dismount any truecrypt volume containing any sensitive information when you are not using your computeryou can tell that dismounted because the drive letter inside truecrypt control panel will appear the same all the other drive letters with information the right the drive letter. 
580 you should practice mounting and dismounting few times with both passwords make sure you understand this process. 
580 once you have copied files folders into the hidden volume not touch the files folders the outer volume anymore. 
580 remember that both volumes occupy the same single file and therefore changing the outer volume can damage the hidden volume. 
580 once you have copied files folders into the outer volume during the installation process that the last time you should. 
580 from that point forward use only the hidden volume. 
580 the outer volume exists only decoy you need. 
581 well done boogie hell lot infomation and good advice. 
581 your post should sticky itll save lot people lot pain and coin. 
581 well done again pops. 
582 securing firefoxwritten boneless the rouge socks with proxychains proxifier means forfeiting the protection torbutton which leaves you open browser fingerprinting. 
582 set everything you would the point entering card details enable javascript allow noscript then run test. 
582 info just cancel the pop. 
582 you might get nasty surprise some the info your browser leaking. 
582 admittedly some bit alarmist theyre trying sell product after all but some are genuine concern particularly youre trying card the same site few times. 
582 tend use one browser regular firefox for only chaining proxies and have found the following adjustments helpful. 
582 please feel free add the list. 
582 com also useful check for config quotegeo. 
582 enabled false geo. 
582 uri leave blank network. 
582 default text html application xhtml xml application xml. 
582 use cache false network. 
582 max persistent connections per proxy network. 
582 socks remote dns true network. 
582 external false set the default and all the subsettings false network. 
582 warn external true set the default and all the subsettings true network. 
582 pipelining true network. 
582 keep alive true network. 
582 pipelining true network. 
582 prefetch next false browser. 
582 enable false browser. 
582 enable false browser. 
582 privacy level browser. 
582 max entries browser. 
582 use document fonts intl. 
582 cache iso windows windows iso utf dom. 
582 enabled false extensions. 
582 enabled false other settings quotedisable all plugins tools addons plugins disable all live bookmarks bookmarks bookmarks toolbar click latest headlines delete disable all updates tools options advanced update enable not track feature tools options privacy enable private browsing configure remember nothing disable party cookies. 
582 tools options privacy useful add ons betterprivacy close forget ghostery modify headers noscript refcontrol user agent switcher. 
583 how chain socks with torwritten are many reasons why you would need add extra hop after the exit node. 
583 youre trying card some items any site with fraud filters youre obviously going raise some flags the cardholder lives new york and youre connecting from german exit node. 
583 same goes for paypal logins. 
583 keep mind you will need use clean socks within the same region the cardholder account. 
583 within the same state otherwise within the same area. 
583 link sites providing private socks services provided the end this article. 
583 even carding isnt your thing many sites filter out exit nodes its necessity have some control over where you appear connecting from. 
583 note you have the tor browser bundle and havent installed tor separately use port place for the following configurations. 
583 download install proxychains sudo apt get install configure proxychains setup your chain sudo nano etc proxychains. 
583 confdown towards the bottom you should see proxylist add proxy here. 
583 meanwile defaults set tor just write your list using tor the first listed quotesocks. 
583 here portafter that you should done. 
583 just terminal and set your browser through proxychains proxychains you are windows you will want setup your chain using proxifier. 
583 first download and install cracked copy proxifier. 
583 once you have installed and run options proxy settings and configure your chain. 
583 address port socks once you have set your proxy settings options proxification rules and set the following rules quoteloopback all. 
583 exe all allonce you are finished name resolution choose remote click and youre set. 
583 keep mind that you use proxifier you need use browser that isnt already configured connect through tor will ignore the proxifier settings and just route strictly through tor. 
583 for this guide recommendation copy firefox portable that has been secured. 
583 instructions for proxifier. 
583 profile proxy servers add. 
583 popup box will ask whether set default. 
583 now add your proxy you want use the same way. 
583 click proxychains button then create and drag drop the new rule. 
583 you should have something that looks like this. 
583 address port the details you entered earlier now profile proxification rules. 
583 the drop down menu for default select proxy socks. 
583 uncheck the localhost rule. 
583 then add change action chain new. 
583 next profile name resolution. 
583 select resolve hostname through proxy. 
584 the lsd test kit time use many uses also what the price. 
585 this referral link works never mind. 
586 from prouter may pmquote from playground may amwhats the best way removing any sensitive information from the windows swappage. 
586 com you arent confident you may install cygwin and develop some myshutdown script which will swapoff any swapfile content then shutdown. 
587 from flashy may pmnot directly related but wont blockchain. 
587 info block tor using cloudflare anyway blockchain. 
587 info does not use cloudflare. 
587 you can create blockchain. 
587 info wallet and manage while tor but you will need enable javascript. 
588 info works fine but previous days and even some time ago got the cloudflare message about blocking actually the tor. 
589 thank you for the info presidente assure that you have vote for next election. 
590 postscript pretty much entire programming language and itself. 
590 wouldnt remotely consider safe document type. 
590 for anything that wont play well text form probably png the next safest. 
590 goes downhill pretty quickly from there. 
591 from boogie may pmtxt files are the way. 
591 most the time they not have downloaded rather you can view them the page. 
591 have clipboard files everywhere. 
591 also its easy just cut and paste anything you may need. 
591 hope this helps playground boogie yes text files will always safe document formats. 
591 however things like pictures and diagrams dont translate well into text files. 
591 strongly suspect but not sure that postscript files areanonymous and secure exactly the ways that pdf and word documents are not. 
591 postscript doesnt support embedded javascript pdf does postscript doesnt support referential. 
591 links pdf and word docs. 
591 right then can have secure access pdf quality documents withoutany the dangers associated with pdf files. 
591 and there are number websitesthat will convert pdf files into postscript format for free. 
591 rather than drop link pdf file. 
591 could drop link postscript file. 
591 and other darknet userswho clicked this link wouldnt have worry about accidentally anonymizing themselves. 
591 least thats theory. 
591 just not sure that correct. 
591 and was hoping someone here would set the record straight. 
591 have nice day. 
592 hello siblings understand that risky open pdf and doc type documents sincethese formats access the internet when you open them and couldreveal your ipaddress. 
592 which document types not this howabout post script files thanks for your helphave nice day. 
593 from prouter may pmquote from playground may amwhats the best way removing any sensitive information from the windows swappage. 
593 com you arent confident you may install cygwin and develop some myshutdown script which will swapoff any swapfile content then shutdown. 
594 thank you for the info presidente assure that you have vote for next election. 
595 securing firefoxwritten boneless the rouge socks with proxychains proxifier means forfeiting the protection torbutton which leaves you open browser fingerprinting. 
595 set everything you would the point entering card details enable javascript allow noscript then run test. 
595 info just cancel the pop. 
595 you might get nasty surprise some the info your browser leaking. 
595 admittedly some bit alarmist theyre trying sell product after all but some are genuine concern particularly youre trying card the same site few times. 
595 tend use one browser regular firefox for only chaining proxies and have found the following adjustments helpful. 
595 please feel free add the list. 
595 com also useful check for config quotegeo. 
595 enabled false geo. 
595 uri leave blank network. 
595 default text html application xhtml xml application xml. 
595 use cache false network. 
595 max persistent connections per proxy network. 
595 socks remote dns true network. 
595 external false set the default and all the subsettings false network. 
595 warn external true set the default and all the subsettings true network. 
595 pipelining true network. 
595 keep alive true network. 
595 pipelining true network. 
595 prefetch next false browser. 
595 enable false browser. 
595 enable false browser. 
595 privacy level browser. 
595 max entries browser. 
595 use document fonts intl. 
595 cache iso windows windows iso utf dom. 
595 enabled false extensions. 
595 enabled false other settings quotedisable all plugins tools addons plugins disable all live bookmarks bookmarks bookmarks toolbar click latest headlines delete disable all updates tools options advanced update enable not track feature tools options privacy enable private browsing configure remember nothing disable party cookies. 
595 tools options privacy useful add ons betterprivacy close forget ghostery modify headers noscript refcontrol user agent switcher. 
596 how chain socks with torwritten are many reasons why you would need add extra hop after the exit node. 
596 youre trying card some items any site with fraud filters youre obviously going raise some flags the cardholder lives new york and youre connecting from german exit node. 
596 same goes for paypal logins. 
596 keep mind you will need use clean socks within the same region the cardholder account. 
596 within the same state otherwise within the same area. 
596 link sites providing private socks services provided the end this article. 
596 even carding isnt your thing many sites filter out exit nodes its necessity have some control over where you appear connecting from. 
596 note you have the tor browser bundle and havent installed tor separately use port place for the following configurations. 
596 download install proxychains sudo apt get install configure proxychains setup your chain sudo nano etc proxychains. 
596 confdown towards the bottom you should see proxylist add proxy here. 
596 meanwile defaults set tor just write your list using tor the first listed quotesocks. 
596 here portafter that you should done. 
596 just terminal and set your browser through proxychains proxychains you are windows you will want setup your chain using proxifier. 
596 first download and install cracked copy proxifier. 
596 once you have installed and run options proxy settings and configure your chain. 
596 address port socks once you have set your proxy settings options proxification rules and set the following rules quoteloopback all. 
596 exe all allonce you are finished name resolution choose remote click and youre set. 
596 keep mind that you use proxifier you need use browser that isnt already configured connect through tor will ignore the proxifier settings and just route strictly through tor. 
596 for this guide recommendation copy firefox portable that has been secured. 
596 instructions for proxifier. 
596 profile proxy servers add. 
596 popup box will ask whether set default. 
596 now add your proxy you want use the same way. 
596 click proxychains button then create and drag drop the new rule. 
596 you should have something that looks like this. 
596 address port the details you entered earlier now profile proxification rules. 
596 the drop down menu for default select proxy socks. 
596 uncheck the localhost rule. 
596 then add change action chain new. 
596 next profile name resolution. 
596 select resolve hostname through proxy. 
597 well done boogie hell lot infomation and good advice. 
597 your post should sticky itll save lot people lot pain and coin. 
597 well done again pops. 
598 glad help playground would aggree with whom that png and jpeg files are always safe since they now need downloaded for viewing. 
598 for pdfs you can always downloading them onto usb and either open secondary laptop burner one that has absolutely internet connect will ideal worried about javascript being malicious always like burner laptops. 
598 hehetake care and safe everyone. 
599 txt files are the way. 
599 most the time they not have downloaded rather you can view them the page. 
599 have clipboard files everywhere. 
599 also its easy just cut and paste anything you may need. 
599 hope this helps playground. 
600 this referral link works never mind. 
601 postscript pretty much entire programming language and itself. 
601 wouldnt remotely consider safe document type. 
601 for anything that wont play well text form probably png the next safest. 
601 goes downhill pretty quickly from there. 
602 from boogie may pmtxt files are the way. 
602 most the time they not have downloaded rather you can view them the page. 
602 have clipboard files everywhere. 
602 also its easy just cut and paste anything you may need. 
602 hope this helps playground boogie yes text files will always safe document formats. 
602 however things like pictures and diagrams dont translate well into text files. 
602 strongly suspect but not sure that postscript files areanonymous and secure exactly the ways that pdf and word documents are not. 
602 postscript doesnt support embedded javascript pdf does postscript doesnt support referential. 
602 links pdf and word docs. 
602 right then can have secure access pdf quality documents withoutany the dangers associated with pdf files. 
602 and there are number websitesthat will convert pdf files into postscript format for free. 
602 rather than drop link pdf file. 
602 could drop link postscript file. 
602 and other darknet userswho clicked this link wouldnt have worry about accidentally anonymizing themselves. 
602 least thats theory. 
602 just not sure that correct. 
602 and was hoping someone here would set the record straight. 
602 have nice day. 
603 hello siblings understand that risky open pdf and doc type documents sincethese formats access the internet when you open them and couldreveal your ipaddress. 
603 which document types not this howabout post script files thanks for your helphave nice day. 
604 the lsd test kit time use many uses also what the price. 
605 the beauty this place the people. 
605 active mods mean anyone caught scamming gets booted very quickly dont get any victims all. 
605 reccomend buying here your particular chemical tastes are found the garden. 
605 every vendor here great work with and have the best product. 
606 from flashy may pmnot directly related but wont blockchain. 
606 info block tor using cloudflare anyway blockchain. 
606 info does not use cloudflare. 
606 you can create blockchain. 
606 info wallet and manage while tor but you will need enable javascript. 
607 info works fine but previous days and even some time ago got the cloudflare message about blocking actually the tor. 
608 thank you for the info presidente assure that you have vote for next election. 
609 glad help playground would aggree with whom that png and jpeg files are always safe since they now need downloaded for viewing. 
609 for pdfs you can always downloading them onto usb and either open secondary laptop burner one that has absolutely internet connect will ideal worried about javascript being malicious always like burner laptops. 
609 hehetake care and safe everyone. 
610 txt files are the way. 
610 most the time they not have downloaded rather you can view them the page. 
610 have clipboard files everywhere. 
610 also its easy just cut and paste anything you may need. 
610 hope this helps playground. 
611 well done boogie hell lot infomation and good advice. 
611 your post should sticky itll save lot people lot pain and coin. 
611 well done again pops. 
612 glad help playground would aggree with whom that png and jpeg files are always safe since they now need downloaded for viewing. 
612 for pdfs you can always downloading them onto usb and either open secondary laptop burner one that has absolutely internet connect will ideal worried about javascript being malicious always like burner laptops. 
612 hehetake care and safe everyone. 
613 txt files are the way. 
613 most the time they not have downloaded rather you can view them the page. 
613 have clipboard files everywhere. 
613 also its easy just cut and paste anything you may need. 
613 hope this helps playground. 
614 hello siblings understand that risky open pdf and doc type documents sincethese formats access the internet when you open them and couldreveal your ipaddress. 
614 which document types not this howabout post script files thanks for your helphave nice day. 
615 from boogie may pmtxt files are the way. 
615 most the time they not have downloaded rather you can view them the page. 
615 have clipboard files everywhere. 
615 also its easy just cut and paste anything you may need. 
615 hope this helps playground boogie yes text files will always safe document formats. 
615 however things like pictures and diagrams dont translate well into text files. 
615 strongly suspect but not sure that postscript files areanonymous and secure exactly the ways that pdf and word documents are not. 
615 postscript doesnt support embedded javascript pdf does postscript doesnt support referential. 
615 links pdf and word docs. 
615 right then can have secure access pdf quality documents withoutany the dangers associated with pdf files. 
615 and there are number websitesthat will convert pdf files into postscript format for free. 
615 rather than drop link pdf file. 
615 could drop link postscript file. 
615 and other darknet userswho clicked this link wouldnt have worry about accidentally anonymizing themselves. 
615 least thats theory. 
615 just not sure that correct. 
615 and was hoping someone here would set the record straight. 
615 have nice day. 
616 postscript pretty much entire programming language and itself. 
616 wouldnt remotely consider safe document type. 
616 for anything that wont play well text form probably png the next safest. 
616 goes downhill pretty quickly from there. 
617 this referral link works never mind. 
618 the lsd test kit time use many uses also what the price. 
619 stealth that works ditch the food grade vac sealpost sierraromeo which believe got off the forum boogie wake call food grade vac sealing vapor permeable and detectable fifteen minutes. 
619 what the answer well happily there are number options available right now. 
619 all you need know are mbb moisture barrier bags mylar bags heat seal foil bagsa non permeable layer must included for example when shipping small quantities powders the layering can consist few variations may good idea dispense with the zip lock baggy the zip can felt through the envelope. 
619 the use double mbb cleaning each thoroughly with isotropic alcohol remove any particle traces one very effective method. 
619 the final stage must course done clean environment avoid transferring any particle residue the outer packaging wear gloves and discard before completing this stage. 
619 the best stealth sometimes the simplest envelopes must flat possible with all the usual norms that make them blend into the thousands others going through the system. 
619 envelope singled out for extra attention its gone that usually only happens when dog reacts. 
619 vendors already using these methods are listed below please note that the vendors listed below are done solely their use non permeable stealth packaging techniques advised the vendor. 
619 other factors have been considered this time you are strongly encouraged fully research any vendor before placing order tba how mail sorted when planning your packaging take into consideration this procedure which not specific particular country only applies for letters not parcels. 
619 mail arrives into said country big sack containing hundreds thousands letters. 
619 arriving from flagged country its directed sorting area which mail undergoes extra scrutiny from non flagged country its directed sorting area for normal manual sorting. 
619 the designated sorting area all the mail poured onto sorting tray and manually sorted with the sorter removing anything thats oversize damaged suspicious looking again there would guidelines the sorters follow based profiling and gathered intelligence. 
619 over sized items are sent the parcel area damaged items are repaired destroyed and suspicious letters are inspected further manual ray dog. 
619 once manual sorting done the mail sent down conveyor belt the automatic sorting machine while going down the conveyor belt drug detection dog runs over all mail heading down and alerts letters containing whatever the dog trained find these are turn removed for further inspection manual ray the rest carry the machine and are sent for distribution around the country. 
619 any mail that cant automatically sorted for distribution usually due addresses the wrong format hand written messily too thick fit etc are manually sorted again. 
619 using the above information one case see that the risk areas are the country origin the initial manual sorter the drug detection dog and the final automatic sorting machine. 
619 country origin the intelligence which particular countries the receiving country has flagged isnt made publicly available but one could assume they include the netherlands belgium colombia bolivia peru china vietnam thailand among others. 
619 well countries added based intelligence received and profiling. 
619 initial mail sorter has manually sort hundreds letters once make sure your letter doesnt attract second glimpse. 
619 ensure you use high quality envelope not cheap one thats thin and soft and likely tear. 
619 ensure looks harmless and boring from the outside and ensure its thin possible and packaged the contents cannot felt handled and that handled feels like paper inside not foil bag drug detection dog use moisture barrier bags and foil layered are the best followed and mylar. 
619 you should doing your packaging clean environment because any molecules from your product end the outside that bag the envelope youve wasted your time and will detected. 
619 final automatic sorting machine make sure the address clearly readable and the correct format for that country. 
619 make sure your envelope standard size. 
619 see the first post this thread for standard envelope sizes use the above information and create your letters how you wish you still get any shows particular country change what your letters look like because your current ones have been photographed and added database. 
619 this includes the return address and any identifiable logos etc. 
619 how ensure your mail goes through the sorting machines without needing sorted manually one those pesky humans specific the info below taken from the australia post guidelines for international mail and theyre based around the specs required for mail into the auto sorter machines letter falls outside these guidelines theres much bigger chance will end being manually sorted person. 
619 when you receive letter than doesnt have one those faint orange barcodes means its been manually sorted. 
619 this doesnt apply bulk mail that big companies send out people though recommended envelope sizes and max weight and thickness small letter maxc maxno more than thicklarge letter maxc maxb maxno more than thickenvelope quality white gsm paperaddress font courier helvetica font point pitchit should contain full stops commas other punctuation. 
619 you can use but its recommended not. 
619 there should advertising logos etc near the address. 
619 the street number should spaces away from the unit suite numberthe suburb and country should capitalsthe post code should spaces away from the should between talland between. 
619 widethe space between lines from. 
619 mmaddress example john smithsuite silk roadport headland australiasome these things are going the extreme and probably not necessary besides the huge majority orders make without any issues anyway but you want perfection this where its. 
619 guideline books see these for the correct address layouts and where stamps addresses and logos etc should shouldnt placed. 
619 pdfeducational video about the mail process clearnet. 
619 com watch wumr qpqp some important info for vendors from farmer bob. 
619 very useful terms picking the right packaging and cleaning the surface ensure any traces have been removed. 
619 author farmerbob link topic. 
619 msg msg date glad see this finally getting adopted but theres lot misinformation going around. 
619 ignore mylar foil only use laminates that were designed and manufactured used moisture barrier bagging. 
619 mbbs are subset mylar but mylar does not equate mbb. 
619 many products that are referred mylar and maybe even look and feel just like mbbs are not suitable for use here. 
619 beware product substitution. 
619 dont use irons curling irons food vac sealers. 
619 they wont give you the consistency quality impulse sealer. 
619 get quality impulse sealer width and read online how check seal quality. 
619 you should able see the outline the seal line insulation fabric imprinted one side. 
619 bond some pieces and pull the bag should tear rather than the seal peeling apart. 
619 once you get your heat setting where you like keep there but check every few hundred seals. 
619 leave some air the package clean sink with detergent soap and rinse bleachwater. 
619 when its the detergent sink squeeze the bags look for air leakage bubble should come out. 
619 before you pull them out the bleach bucket wash your hands well. 
619 this point neither bloodhound nor mass spectrometer will pick scent from any enclosed drugs provided you dont contaminate the bag contaminate the mailing materials. 
619 purchase mbbs from wherever you like plutopete amazon ebay etc anonymously. 
619 there are survivalists hobbyists and plenty small businesses that buy these. 
619 they went out style with the big time smugglers decades ago. 
619 purchasing them wont suspicious and its perfectly legal. 
619 removing trace particles properly author farmerbob link topic. 
619 msg msg date the right way ensure you wash off both polar and nopolar surface contaminants. 
619 detergent wash followed ipa and acetone followed deionized water rinse would the technique youd use you could properly. 
619 the issue properly good cleanroom surface cleaning technique difficult master. 
619 you have wipe one direction only and rotate the rag you wipe you have spray the bag from the top down and let gravity wash the contamination down. 
619 the risk that most people even trained professionals cleaning with alcohol will simply smear contamination around and not actually remove. 
619 sodium hypochlorite bleach clorox north america probably better choice for the masses. 
619 bleach will oxidize most organic molecules. 
619 residues that are left behind after detergent wash will react with the bleach the bucket the oxidized byproducts would likely pass even careful laboratory analysis swab test. 
619 alternative for the lazy just throw the packs your dishwasher with splash bleach. 
619 ive done that when was vending and had lot weed orders out and didnt feel like spending too much time cleaning them. 
619 case used peroxide bleach but everyone else should fine with clorox. 
620 thank you for the info presidente assure that you have vote for next election. 
621 securing firefoxwritten boneless the rouge socks with proxychains proxifier means forfeiting the protection torbutton which leaves you open browser fingerprinting. 
621 set everything you would the point entering card details enable javascript allow noscript then run test. 
621 info just cancel the pop. 
621 you might get nasty surprise some the info your browser leaking. 
621 admittedly some bit alarmist theyre trying sell product after all but some are genuine concern particularly youre trying card the same site few times. 
621 tend use one browser regular firefox for only chaining proxies and have found the following adjustments helpful. 
621 please feel free add the list. 
621 com also useful check for config quotegeo. 
621 enabled false geo. 
621 uri leave blank network. 
621 default text html application xhtml xml application xml. 
621 use cache false network. 
621 max persistent connections per proxy network. 
621 socks remote dns true network. 
621 external false set the default and all the subsettings false network. 
621 warn external true set the default and all the subsettings true network. 
621 pipelining true network. 
621 keep alive true network. 
621 pipelining true network. 
621 prefetch next false browser. 
621 enable false browser. 
621 enable false browser. 
621 privacy level browser. 
621 max entries browser. 
621 use document fonts intl. 
621 cache iso windows windows iso utf dom. 
621 enabled false extensions. 
621 enabled false other settings quotedisable all plugins tools addons plugins disable all live bookmarks bookmarks bookmarks toolbar click latest headlines delete disable all updates tools options advanced update enable not track feature tools options privacy enable private browsing configure remember nothing disable party cookies. 
621 tools options privacy useful add ons betterprivacy close forget ghostery modify headers noscript refcontrol user agent switcher. 
622 how chain socks with torwritten are many reasons why you would need add extra hop after the exit node. 
622 youre trying card some items any site with fraud filters youre obviously going raise some flags the cardholder lives new york and youre connecting from german exit node. 
622 same goes for paypal logins. 
622 keep mind you will need use clean socks within the same region the cardholder account. 
622 within the same state otherwise within the same area. 
622 link sites providing private socks services provided the end this article. 
622 even carding isnt your thing many sites filter out exit nodes its necessity have some control over where you appear connecting from. 
622 note you have the tor browser bundle and havent installed tor separately use port place for the following configurations. 
622 download install proxychains sudo apt get install configure proxychains setup your chain sudo nano etc proxychains. 
622 confdown towards the bottom you should see proxylist add proxy here. 
622 meanwile defaults set tor just write your list using tor the first listed quotesocks. 
622 here portafter that you should done. 
622 just terminal and set your browser through proxychains proxychains you are windows you will want setup your chain using proxifier. 
622 first download and install cracked copy proxifier. 
622 once you have installed and run options proxy settings and configure your chain. 
622 address port socks once you have set your proxy settings options proxification rules and set the following rules quoteloopback all. 
622 exe all allonce you are finished name resolution choose remote click and youre set. 
622 keep mind that you use proxifier you need use browser that isnt already configured connect through tor will ignore the proxifier settings and just route strictly through tor. 
622 for this guide recommendation copy firefox portable that has been secured. 
622 instructions for proxifier. 
622 profile proxy servers add. 
622 popup box will ask whether set default. 
622 now add your proxy you want use the same way. 
622 click proxychains button then create and drag drop the new rule. 
622 you should have something that looks like this. 
622 address port the details you entered earlier now profile proxification rules. 
622 the drop down menu for default select proxy socks. 
622 uncheck the localhost rule. 
622 then add change action chain new. 
622 next profile name resolution. 
622 select resolve hostname through proxy. 
623 well done boogie hell lot infomation and good advice. 
623 your post should sticky itll save lot people lot pain and coin. 
623 well done again pops. 
624 glad help playground would aggree with whom that png and jpeg files are always safe since they now need downloaded for viewing. 
624 for pdfs you can always downloading them onto usb and either open secondary laptop burner one that has absolutely internet connect will ideal worried about javascript being malicious always like burner laptops. 
624 hehetake care and safe everyone. 
625 txt files are the way. 
625 most the time they not have downloaded rather you can view them the page. 
625 have clipboard files everywhere. 
625 also its easy just cut and paste anything you may need. 
625 hope this helps playground. 
626 this referral link works never mind. 
627 postscript pretty much entire programming language and itself. 
627 wouldnt remotely consider safe document type. 
627 for anything that wont play well text form probably png the next safest. 
627 goes downhill pretty quickly from there. 
628 from boogie may pmtxt files are the way. 
628 most the time they not have downloaded rather you can view them the page. 
628 have clipboard files everywhere. 
628 also its easy just cut and paste anything you may need. 
628 hope this helps playground boogie yes text files will always safe document formats. 
628 however things like pictures and diagrams dont translate well into text files. 
628 strongly suspect but not sure that postscript files areanonymous and secure exactly the ways that pdf and word documents are not. 
628 postscript doesnt support embedded javascript pdf does postscript doesnt support referential. 
628 links pdf and word docs. 
628 right then can have secure access pdf quality documents withoutany the dangers associated with pdf files. 
628 and there are number websitesthat will convert pdf files into postscript format for free. 
628 rather than drop link pdf file. 
628 could drop link postscript file. 
628 and other darknet userswho clicked this link wouldnt have worry about accidentally anonymizing themselves. 
628 least thats theory. 
628 just not sure that correct. 
628 and was hoping someone here would set the record straight. 
628 have nice day. 
629 hello siblings understand that risky open pdf and doc type documents sincethese formats access the internet when you open them and couldreveal your ipaddress. 
629 which document types not this howabout post script files thanks for your helphave nice day. 
630 hey hubsters have tons security tutorials that ive collected over time. 
630 nerd and always fan useful guides. 
630 happy share with you collection. 
630 ill keep posting find them computer and when have time. 
630 you have any please toss them. 
630 ill try best reference them can remember encrypting your hard drive with verto owner evolution market introductionif you save anything your computer likely that you not want just anyone able see what you have saved. 
630 you want way protect that information that you can access and absolutely one else except those you trust. 
630 therefore makes sense set system which protects your information and safeguards against prying eyes. 
630 the best such system for this called true crypt. 
630 true crypt encryption software program which allows you store many files and directories inside single file your harddrive. 
630 further this file encrypted and one can actually see what you have saved there unless they know your password. 
630 this sounds extremely high tech but actually very easy set. 
630 org and click downloads. 
630 under latest stable version under windows vista click download. 
630 the file will called true crypt setup. 
630 exe something similar. 
630 run this file. 
630 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
630 check accept and agree bound these license terms. 
630 ensure that install selected and click next. 
630 you will see dialog stating truecrypt has been successfully installed. 
630 click when asked you wish view the tutorial user guide. 
630 click finish this point truecrypt now installed. 
630 now will set truecrypt that can begin using store sensitive information. 
630 click the windows logo start button the lower left corner your screen. 
630 click all programs. 
630 click the truecrypt applicationand now can begin. 
630 click the button create volume. 
630 ensuring that create encrypted file container selected click next. 
630 select hidden truecrypt volume and click next. 
630 ensuring that normal mode selected click next. 
630 click select file note which directory you are your computer. 
630 look the top the dialog that has opened and you will see the path you are most likely the home directory for your username. 
630 input box provided with flashing cursor asking you type file name. 
630 here you will type the following filename random. 
630 txt you may course replace random. 
630 txt with anything you like. 
630 this file going created and will used store many other files inside. 
630 not use filename for file that already exists. 
630 the idea here that you are creating entirely new file. 
630 also recommended though not required that you hide this file somewhere less obvious. 
630 your home directory then someone who has access your computer may find easier. 
630 you can also choose put this file any other media doesn have your hard disk. 
630 you could for example save your truecrypt file usb flash drive card some other media. 
630 once you have typed the file name click save. 
630 make sure never save history checked. 
630 the outer volume screen click next again. 
630 the default encryption algorithm and hash algorithm are fine. 
630 choose file size. 
630 order benefit the most from this guide you should have least gigabytes free disk space. 
630 not then worth for you purchase some form media such removable harddrive large card etc. 
630 truecrypt can used all forms digital media not just your hard disk. 
630 you choose proceed without obtaining least ten gigabytes disk space then select size that you are comfortable with such. 
630 ideally you want choose enough space work with. 
630 remember that you need more space later you can always create additional truecrypt volumes using exactly these same steps. 
630 now you are prompted for password. 
630 this very important. 
630 read this carefullyread this section carefullythe password you choose here decoy password. 
630 that means this the password you would give someone under duress. 
630 suppose that someone suspects that you were accessing sensitive information and they threaten beat you worse you not reveal the password. 
630 this the password that you give them. 
630 when you give someone this password will nearly impossible for them prove that not the right password. 
630 further they cannot even know that there second password. 
630 here are some tips for your password. 
630 choose password you will never forget. 
630 may ten years from now that you need. 
630 make simple like your birthday repeated three times. 
630 make sure seems reasonable that appears real password. 
630 the password something stupid like then they may not believe you. 
630 remember that this password that you would give someone forced. 
630 not your actual password. 
630 not make this password too similar what you plan really use. 
630 you not want someone guess your main password from this one. 
630 and with all this mind choose your password. 
630 when you have typed twice click next. 
630 large files here you are asked whether not you plan store files larger than gigabytes. 
630 choose and click next. 
630 outer volume format here you will notice some random numbers and letters next where says random pool. 
630 ahead and move your mouse around fora bit. 
630 this will increase the randomness and give you better encryption. 
630 after about ten seconds this click format. 
630 depending the file size you selected will take some time finish formatting. 
630 what happening truecrypt creating the file you asked such random. 
630 building file system contained entirely within that one file. 
630 this file system can used store files directories and more. 
630 further encrypting this file system such way that without the right password will impossible for anyone access. 
630 anyone other than you this file will appear just mess random characters. 
630 one will even know that truecrypt volume. 
630 outer volume contents click the button called open outer volume empty folder has opened. 
630 this empty because you have yet put any files into your truecrypt volume. 
630 not put any sensitive content herethis the decoy. 
630 this what someone would see you gave them the password you used the previous step. 
630 this not where you are going store your sensitive data. 
630 you have been forced into situation where you had reveal your password some individual then that individual will see whatever this folder. 
630 you need have data this folder that appears sensitive enough protected truecrypt order fool them. 
630 here are some important tips keep mind. 
630 not use porn. 
630 adult models can sometimes appear underaged and this can cause you incriminate yourself. 
630 not use drawings renderings writings porn. 
630 many jurisdictions these are just illegal photographs. 
630 good choices for what put here include backups documents emails financial documents etc. 
630 once you have placed files into this folder never place any more files the future. 
630 doing may damage your hidden content. 
630 generally you want store innocent data where some individual looking would find cause against you and yet the same time they would understand why you used truecrypt secure that data. 
630 now ahead and find files and store them this folder. 
630 sure that you leave least ten gigabytes free. 
630 the more the better. 
630 when you are all done copying files into this folder close the folder clicking the the top right corner. 
630 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
630 hidden volume click next. 
630 the default encryption and hash algorithms are fine click next. 
630 hidden volume size the maximum available space indicated bold below the text box. 
630 round down the nearest full unit. 
630 gbis available select. 
630 are available select. 
630 warning dialog comes asking are you sure you wish continue select yes. 
630 hidden volume password important read thishere you are going select the real password. 
630 this the password you will never reveal anyone else under any circumstances. 
630 only you will know. 
630 one will able figure out even know that there second password. 
630 aware that individual intent obtaining your sensitive information may lie you and claim able figure this out. 
630 highly recommended that you choose character password here. 
630 difficult remember character password choose character password and simply repeat times. 
630 date naturally has exactly numbers and significant date your life repeated times would just fine. 
630 type your password twice and click next. 
630 large files select yes and click next. 
630 hidden volume format before move your mouse around for about ten seconds randomly and tehn click format. 
630 prompted program needs your permission continue select continue. 
630 dialog will come telling you that the hidden truecrypt volume has been successfully created. 
630 click exit you have just set encrypted file container your hard drive. 
630 anything you store here will inaccessible anyone except you. 
630 further you have protected this content with two passwords. 
630 one that you will give someone under threat and one that only you will know. 
630 keep your real password well protected and never write down give anyone else for any reason. 
630 now should test both passwords. 
630 testing truecrypt volumesonce you have completed the above section you will back truecrypt. 
630 ahead and follow these steps test the volumes you have made. 
630 click select file. 
630 locate the file you created the last section most likely called random. 
630 txt something similar. 
630 remember that even though there both outer anda hidden volume both volumes are contained single file. 
630 there are not two files only one. 
630 choose drive letter that you are not using anything past probably just fine. 
630 click that for example click highlight. 
630 now you are prompted for password. 
630 read the below carefully the password you provide here will determine which volume mounted the drive letter you specified. 
630 you type your decoy password then will show all the files and directories you copied that you would reveal forced. 
630 you type your real password then will show the files and directories that you never intend anyone see. 
630 after successfully typing your password you will see additional detail the right the drive letter including the full path the file you selected well the kind volume for example hidden. 
630 right click your windows logo start menu icon and scroll down the bottom where you can see your different drive letters. 
630 you will see the drive letter you selected for example local disk. 
630 you selected your decoy password you will see all the files and folders that you moved there during the installation phase. 
630 you selected the real password you will see whatever files and directories you have placed far into the hidden volume any. 
630 you selected your hidden volume password you may now begin moving any sensitive information you wish. 
630 aware that simply moving from your main hard disk not enough. 
630 will discuss how ensure deleted data actually deleted later the guide. 
630 what happening when you select file and mount drive you are telling your computer that you have new drive with files and folders. 
630 the same thing you had plugged usb flash drive removable harddrive card into your computer. 
630 truecrypt causes your computer think that there entirely new disk drive your computer. 
630 you can use this disk drive just was actually usb flash drive. 
630 you can copy files directories and use just you would use usb flash drive. 
630 when you are done simply close all open windows folders applications that are using your truecrypt drive letter and then click dismount from within truecrypt while you have the drive letter highlighted. 
630 this will once again hide all this data accessible only mounting with the correct password. 
630 very important safety true crypt hidden volume mounted someone who has access your computer can access anything that inside that hidden volume. 
630 for example you left your computer running while truecrypt volume was mounted then someone gained access your computer they would able see everything you have that volume. 
630 therefore always remember dismount any truecrypt volume containing any sensitive information when you are not using your computeryou can tell that dismounted because the drive letter inside truecrypt control panel will appear the same all the other drive letters with information the right the drive letter. 
630 you should practice mounting and dismounting few times with both passwords make sure you understand this process. 
630 once you have copied files folders into the hidden volume not touch the files folders the outer volume anymore. 
630 remember that both volumes occupy the same single file and therefore changing the outer volume can damage the hidden volume. 
630 once you have copied files folders into the outer volume during the installation process that the last time you should. 
630 from that point forward use only the hidden volume. 
630 the outer volume exists only decoy you need. 
631 stealth that works ditch the food grade vac sealpost sierraromeo which believe got off the forum boogie wake call food grade vac sealing vapor permeable and detectable fifteen minutes. 
631 what the answer well happily there are number options available right now. 
631 all you need know are mbb moisture barrier bags mylar bags heat seal foil bagsa non permeable layer must included for example when shipping small quantities powders the layering can consist few variations may good idea dispense with the zip lock baggy the zip can felt through the envelope. 
631 the use double mbb cleaning each thoroughly with isotropic alcohol remove any particle traces one very effective method. 
631 the final stage must course done clean environment avoid transferring any particle residue the outer packaging wear gloves and discard before completing this stage. 
631 the best stealth sometimes the simplest envelopes must flat possible with all the usual norms that make them blend into the thousands others going through the system. 
631 envelope singled out for extra attention its gone that usually only happens when dog reacts. 
631 vendors already using these methods are listed below please note that the vendors listed below are done solely their use non permeable stealth packaging techniques advised the vendor. 
631 other factors have been considered this time you are strongly encouraged fully research any vendor before placing order tba how mail sorted when planning your packaging take into consideration this procedure which not specific particular country only applies for letters not parcels. 
631 mail arrives into said country big sack containing hundreds thousands letters. 
631 arriving from flagged country its directed sorting area which mail undergoes extra scrutiny from non flagged country its directed sorting area for normal manual sorting. 
631 the designated sorting area all the mail poured onto sorting tray and manually sorted with the sorter removing anything thats oversize damaged suspicious looking again there would guidelines the sorters follow based profiling and gathered intelligence. 
631 over sized items are sent the parcel area damaged items are repaired destroyed and suspicious letters are inspected further manual ray dog. 
631 once manual sorting done the mail sent down conveyor belt the automatic sorting machine while going down the conveyor belt drug detection dog runs over all mail heading down and alerts letters containing whatever the dog trained find these are turn removed for further inspection manual ray the rest carry the machine and are sent for distribution around the country. 
631 any mail that cant automatically sorted for distribution usually due addresses the wrong format hand written messily too thick fit etc are manually sorted again. 
631 using the above information one case see that the risk areas are the country origin the initial manual sorter the drug detection dog and the final automatic sorting machine. 
631 country origin the intelligence which particular countries the receiving country has flagged isnt made publicly available but one could assume they include the netherlands belgium colombia bolivia peru china vietnam thailand among others. 
631 well countries added based intelligence received and profiling. 
631 initial mail sorter has manually sort hundreds letters once make sure your letter doesnt attract second glimpse. 
631 ensure you use high quality envelope not cheap one thats thin and soft and likely tear. 
631 ensure looks harmless and boring from the outside and ensure its thin possible and packaged the contents cannot felt handled and that handled feels like paper inside not foil bag drug detection dog use moisture barrier bags and foil layered are the best followed and mylar. 
631 you should doing your packaging clean environment because any molecules from your product end the outside that bag the envelope youve wasted your time and will detected. 
631 final automatic sorting machine make sure the address clearly readable and the correct format for that country. 
631 make sure your envelope standard size. 
631 see the first post this thread for standard envelope sizes use the above information and create your letters how you wish you still get any shows particular country change what your letters look like because your current ones have been photographed and added database. 
631 this includes the return address and any identifiable logos etc. 
631 how ensure your mail goes through the sorting machines without needing sorted manually one those pesky humans specific the info below taken from the australia post guidelines for international mail and theyre based around the specs required for mail into the auto sorter machines letter falls outside these guidelines theres much bigger chance will end being manually sorted person. 
631 when you receive letter than doesnt have one those faint orange barcodes means its been manually sorted. 
631 this doesnt apply bulk mail that big companies send out people though recommended envelope sizes and max weight and thickness small letter maxc maxno more than thicklarge letter maxc maxb maxno more than thickenvelope quality white gsm paperaddress font courier helvetica font point pitchit should contain full stops commas other punctuation. 
631 you can use but its recommended not. 
631 there should advertising logos etc near the address. 
631 the street number should spaces away from the unit suite numberthe suburb and country should capitalsthe post code should spaces away from the should between talland between. 
631 widethe space between lines from. 
631 mmaddress example john smithsuite silk roadport headland australiasome these things are going the extreme and probably not necessary besides the huge majority orders make without any issues anyway but you want perfection this where its. 
631 guideline books see these for the correct address layouts and where stamps addresses and logos etc should shouldnt placed. 
631 pdfeducational video about the mail process clearnet. 
631 com watch wumr qpqp some important info for vendors from farmer bob. 
631 very useful terms picking the right packaging and cleaning the surface ensure any traces have been removed. 
631 author farmerbob link topic. 
631 msg msg date glad see this finally getting adopted but theres lot misinformation going around. 
631 ignore mylar foil only use laminates that were designed and manufactured used moisture barrier bagging. 
631 mbbs are subset mylar but mylar does not equate mbb. 
631 many products that are referred mylar and maybe even look and feel just like mbbs are not suitable for use here. 
631 beware product substitution. 
631 dont use irons curling irons food vac sealers. 
631 they wont give you the consistency quality impulse sealer. 
631 get quality impulse sealer width and read online how check seal quality. 
631 you should able see the outline the seal line insulation fabric imprinted one side. 
631 bond some pieces and pull the bag should tear rather than the seal peeling apart. 
631 once you get your heat setting where you like keep there but check every few hundred seals. 
631 leave some air the package clean sink with detergent soap and rinse bleachwater. 
631 when its the detergent sink squeeze the bags look for air leakage bubble should come out. 
631 before you pull them out the bleach bucket wash your hands well. 
631 this point neither bloodhound nor mass spectrometer will pick scent from any enclosed drugs provided you dont contaminate the bag contaminate the mailing materials. 
631 purchase mbbs from wherever you like plutopete amazon ebay etc anonymously. 
631 there are survivalists hobbyists and plenty small businesses that buy these. 
631 they went out style with the big time smugglers decades ago. 
631 purchasing them wont suspicious and its perfectly legal. 
631 removing trace particles properly author farmerbob link topic. 
631 msg msg date the right way ensure you wash off both polar and nopolar surface contaminants. 
631 detergent wash followed ipa and acetone followed deionized water rinse would the technique youd use you could properly. 
631 the issue properly good cleanroom surface cleaning technique difficult master. 
631 you have wipe one direction only and rotate the rag you wipe you have spray the bag from the top down and let gravity wash the contamination down. 
631 the risk that most people even trained professionals cleaning with alcohol will simply smear contamination around and not actually remove. 
631 sodium hypochlorite bleach clorox north america probably better choice for the masses. 
631 bleach will oxidize most organic molecules. 
631 residues that are left behind after detergent wash will react with the bleach the bucket the oxidized byproducts would likely pass even careful laboratory analysis swab test. 
631 alternative for the lazy just throw the packs your dishwasher with splash bleach. 
631 ive done that when was vending and had lot weed orders out and didnt feel like spending too much time cleaning them. 
631 case used peroxide bleach but everyone else should fine with clorox. 
632 info works fine but previous days and even some time ago got the cloudflare message about blocking actually the tor. 
633 from flashy may pmnot directly related but wont blockchain. 
633 info block tor using cloudflare anyway blockchain. 
633 info does not use cloudflare. 
633 you can create blockchain. 
633 info wallet and manage while tor but you will need enable javascript. 
634 from prouter may pmquote from playground may amwhats the best way removing any sensitive information from the windows swappage. 
634 com you arent confident you may install cygwin and develop some myshutdown script which will swapoff any swapfile content then shutdown. 
635 glad help playground would aggree with whom that png and jpeg files are always safe since they now need downloaded for viewing. 
635 for pdfs you can always downloading them onto usb and either open secondary laptop burner one that has absolutely internet connect will ideal worried about javascript being malicious always like burner laptops. 
635 hehetake care and safe everyone. 
636 txt files are the way. 
636 most the time they not have downloaded rather you can view them the page. 
636 have clipboard files everywhere. 
636 also its easy just cut and paste anything you may need. 
636 hope this helps playground. 
637 this referral link works never mind. 
638 postscript pretty much entire programming language and itself. 
638 wouldnt remotely consider safe document type. 
638 for anything that wont play well text form probably png the next safest. 
638 goes downhill pretty quickly from there. 
639 from boogie may pmtxt files are the way. 
639 most the time they not have downloaded rather you can view them the page. 
639 have clipboard files everywhere. 
639 also its easy just cut and paste anything you may need. 
639 hope this helps playground boogie yes text files will always safe document formats. 
639 however things like pictures and diagrams dont translate well into text files. 
639 strongly suspect but not sure that postscript files areanonymous and secure exactly the ways that pdf and word documents are not. 
639 postscript doesnt support embedded javascript pdf does postscript doesnt support referential. 
639 links pdf and word docs. 
639 right then can have secure access pdf quality documents withoutany the dangers associated with pdf files. 
639 and there are number websitesthat will convert pdf files into postscript format for free. 
639 rather than drop link pdf file. 
639 could drop link postscript file. 
639 and other darknet userswho clicked this link wouldnt have worry about accidentally anonymizing themselves. 
639 least thats theory. 
639 just not sure that correct. 
639 and was hoping someone here would set the record straight. 
639 have nice day. 
640 hello siblings understand that risky open pdf and doc type documents sincethese formats access the internet when you open them and couldreveal your ipaddress. 
640 which document types not this howabout post script files thanks for your helphave nice day. 
641 hey hubsters have tons security tutorials that ive collected over time. 
641 nerd and always fan useful guides. 
641 happy share with you collection. 
641 ill keep posting find them computer and when have time. 
641 you have any please toss them. 
641 ill try best reference them can remember encrypting your hard drive with verto owner evolution market introductionif you save anything your computer likely that you not want just anyone able see what you have saved. 
641 you want way protect that information that you can access and absolutely one else except those you trust. 
641 therefore makes sense set system which protects your information and safeguards against prying eyes. 
641 the best such system for this called true crypt. 
641 true crypt encryption software program which allows you store many files and directories inside single file your harddrive. 
641 further this file encrypted and one can actually see what you have saved there unless they know your password. 
641 this sounds extremely high tech but actually very easy set. 
641 org and click downloads. 
641 under latest stable version under windows vista click download. 
641 the file will called true crypt setup. 
641 exe something similar. 
641 run this file. 
641 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
641 check accept and agree bound these license terms. 
641 ensure that install selected and click next. 
641 you will see dialog stating truecrypt has been successfully installed. 
641 click when asked you wish view the tutorial user guide. 
641 click finish this point truecrypt now installed. 
641 now will set truecrypt that can begin using store sensitive information. 
641 click the windows logo start button the lower left corner your screen. 
641 click all programs. 
641 click the truecrypt applicationand now can begin. 
641 click the button create volume. 
641 ensuring that create encrypted file container selected click next. 
641 select hidden truecrypt volume and click next. 
641 ensuring that normal mode selected click next. 
641 click select file note which directory you are your computer. 
641 look the top the dialog that has opened and you will see the path you are most likely the home directory for your username. 
641 input box provided with flashing cursor asking you type file name. 
641 here you will type the following filename random. 
641 txt you may course replace random. 
641 txt with anything you like. 
641 this file going created and will used store many other files inside. 
641 not use filename for file that already exists. 
641 the idea here that you are creating entirely new file. 
641 also recommended though not required that you hide this file somewhere less obvious. 
641 your home directory then someone who has access your computer may find easier. 
641 you can also choose put this file any other media doesn have your hard disk. 
641 you could for example save your truecrypt file usb flash drive card some other media. 
641 once you have typed the file name click save. 
641 make sure never save history checked. 
641 the outer volume screen click next again. 
641 the default encryption algorithm and hash algorithm are fine. 
641 choose file size. 
641 order benefit the most from this guide you should have least gigabytes free disk space. 
641 not then worth for you purchase some form media such removable harddrive large card etc. 
641 truecrypt can used all forms digital media not just your hard disk. 
641 you choose proceed without obtaining least ten gigabytes disk space then select size that you are comfortable with such. 
641 ideally you want choose enough space work with. 
641 remember that you need more space later you can always create additional truecrypt volumes using exactly these same steps. 
641 now you are prompted for password. 
641 this very important. 
641 read this carefullyread this section carefullythe password you choose here decoy password. 
641 that means this the password you would give someone under duress. 
641 suppose that someone suspects that you were accessing sensitive information and they threaten beat you worse you not reveal the password. 
641 this the password that you give them. 
641 when you give someone this password will nearly impossible for them prove that not the right password. 
641 further they cannot even know that there second password. 
641 here are some tips for your password. 
641 choose password you will never forget. 
641 may ten years from now that you need. 
641 make simple like your birthday repeated three times. 
641 make sure seems reasonable that appears real password. 
641 the password something stupid like then they may not believe you. 
641 remember that this password that you would give someone forced. 
641 not your actual password. 
641 not make this password too similar what you plan really use. 
641 you not want someone guess your main password from this one. 
641 and with all this mind choose your password. 
641 when you have typed twice click next. 
641 large files here you are asked whether not you plan store files larger than gigabytes. 
641 choose and click next. 
641 outer volume format here you will notice some random numbers and letters next where says random pool. 
641 ahead and move your mouse around fora bit. 
641 this will increase the randomness and give you better encryption. 
641 after about ten seconds this click format. 
641 depending the file size you selected will take some time finish formatting. 
641 what happening truecrypt creating the file you asked such random. 
641 building file system contained entirely within that one file. 
641 this file system can used store files directories and more. 
641 further encrypting this file system such way that without the right password will impossible for anyone access. 
641 anyone other than you this file will appear just mess random characters. 
641 one will even know that truecrypt volume. 
641 outer volume contents click the button called open outer volume empty folder has opened. 
641 this empty because you have yet put any files into your truecrypt volume. 
641 not put any sensitive content herethis the decoy. 
641 this what someone would see you gave them the password you used the previous step. 
641 this not where you are going store your sensitive data. 
641 you have been forced into situation where you had reveal your password some individual then that individual will see whatever this folder. 
641 you need have data this folder that appears sensitive enough protected truecrypt order fool them. 
641 here are some important tips keep mind. 
641 not use porn. 
641 adult models can sometimes appear underaged and this can cause you incriminate yourself. 
641 not use drawings renderings writings porn. 
641 many jurisdictions these are just illegal photographs. 
641 good choices for what put here include backups documents emails financial documents etc. 
641 once you have placed files into this folder never place any more files the future. 
641 doing may damage your hidden content. 
641 generally you want store innocent data where some individual looking would find cause against you and yet the same time they would understand why you used truecrypt secure that data. 
641 now ahead and find files and store them this folder. 
641 sure that you leave least ten gigabytes free. 
641 the more the better. 
641 when you are all done copying files into this folder close the folder clicking the the top right corner. 
641 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
641 hidden volume click next. 
641 the default encryption and hash algorithms are fine click next. 
641 hidden volume size the maximum available space indicated bold below the text box. 
641 round down the nearest full unit. 
641 gbis available select. 
641 are available select. 
641 warning dialog comes asking are you sure you wish continue select yes. 
641 hidden volume password important read thishere you are going select the real password. 
641 this the password you will never reveal anyone else under any circumstances. 
641 only you will know. 
641 one will able figure out even know that there second password. 
641 aware that individual intent obtaining your sensitive information may lie you and claim able figure this out. 
641 highly recommended that you choose character password here. 
641 difficult remember character password choose character password and simply repeat times. 
641 date naturally has exactly numbers and significant date your life repeated times would just fine. 
641 type your password twice and click next. 
641 large files select yes and click next. 
641 hidden volume format before move your mouse around for about ten seconds randomly and tehn click format. 
641 prompted program needs your permission continue select continue. 
641 dialog will come telling you that the hidden truecrypt volume has been successfully created. 
641 click exit you have just set encrypted file container your hard drive. 
641 anything you store here will inaccessible anyone except you. 
641 further you have protected this content with two passwords. 
641 one that you will give someone under threat and one that only you will know. 
641 keep your real password well protected and never write down give anyone else for any reason. 
641 now should test both passwords. 
641 testing truecrypt volumesonce you have completed the above section you will back truecrypt. 
641 ahead and follow these steps test the volumes you have made. 
641 click select file. 
641 locate the file you created the last section most likely called random. 
641 txt something similar. 
641 remember that even though there both outer anda hidden volume both volumes are contained single file. 
641 there are not two files only one. 
641 choose drive letter that you are not using anything past probably just fine. 
641 click that for example click highlight. 
641 now you are prompted for password. 
641 read the below carefully the password you provide here will determine which volume mounted the drive letter you specified. 
641 you type your decoy password then will show all the files and directories you copied that you would reveal forced. 
641 you type your real password then will show the files and directories that you never intend anyone see. 
641 after successfully typing your password you will see additional detail the right the drive letter including the full path the file you selected well the kind volume for example hidden. 
641 right click your windows logo start menu icon and scroll down the bottom where you can see your different drive letters. 
641 you will see the drive letter you selected for example local disk. 
641 you selected your decoy password you will see all the files and folders that you moved there during the installation phase. 
641 you selected the real password you will see whatever files and directories you have placed far into the hidden volume any. 
641 you selected your hidden volume password you may now begin moving any sensitive information you wish. 
641 aware that simply moving from your main hard disk not enough. 
641 will discuss how ensure deleted data actually deleted later the guide. 
641 what happening when you select file and mount drive you are telling your computer that you have new drive with files and folders. 
641 the same thing you had plugged usb flash drive removable harddrive card into your computer. 
641 truecrypt causes your computer think that there entirely new disk drive your computer. 
641 you can use this disk drive just was actually usb flash drive. 
641 you can copy files directories and use just you would use usb flash drive. 
641 when you are done simply close all open windows folders applications that are using your truecrypt drive letter and then click dismount from within truecrypt while you have the drive letter highlighted. 
641 this will once again hide all this data accessible only mounting with the correct password. 
641 very important safety true crypt hidden volume mounted someone who has access your computer can access anything that inside that hidden volume. 
641 for example you left your computer running while truecrypt volume was mounted then someone gained access your computer they would able see everything you have that volume. 
641 therefore always remember dismount any truecrypt volume containing any sensitive information when you are not using your computeryou can tell that dismounted because the drive letter inside truecrypt control panel will appear the same all the other drive letters with information the right the drive letter. 
641 you should practice mounting and dismounting few times with both passwords make sure you understand this process. 
641 once you have copied files folders into the hidden volume not touch the files folders the outer volume anymore. 
641 remember that both volumes occupy the same single file and therefore changing the outer volume can damage the hidden volume. 
641 once you have copied files folders into the outer volume during the installation process that the last time you should. 
641 from that point forward use only the hidden volume. 
641 the outer volume exists only decoy you need. 
642 stealth that works ditch the food grade vac sealpost sierraromeo which believe got off the forum boogie wake call food grade vac sealing vapor permeable and detectable fifteen minutes. 
642 what the answer well happily there are number options available right now. 
642 all you need know are mbb moisture barrier bags mylar bags heat seal foil bagsa non permeable layer must included for example when shipping small quantities powders the layering can consist few variations may good idea dispense with the zip lock baggy the zip can felt through the envelope. 
642 the use double mbb cleaning each thoroughly with isotropic alcohol remove any particle traces one very effective method. 
642 the final stage must course done clean environment avoid transferring any particle residue the outer packaging wear gloves and discard before completing this stage. 
642 the best stealth sometimes the simplest envelopes must flat possible with all the usual norms that make them blend into the thousands others going through the system. 
642 envelope singled out for extra attention its gone that usually only happens when dog reacts. 
642 vendors already using these methods are listed below please note that the vendors listed below are done solely their use non permeable stealth packaging techniques advised the vendor. 
642 other factors have been considered this time you are strongly encouraged fully research any vendor before placing order tba how mail sorted when planning your packaging take into consideration this procedure which not specific particular country only applies for letters not parcels. 
642 mail arrives into said country big sack containing hundreds thousands letters. 
642 arriving from flagged country its directed sorting area which mail undergoes extra scrutiny from non flagged country its directed sorting area for normal manual sorting. 
642 the designated sorting area all the mail poured onto sorting tray and manually sorted with the sorter removing anything thats oversize damaged suspicious looking again there would guidelines the sorters follow based profiling and gathered intelligence. 
642 over sized items are sent the parcel area damaged items are repaired destroyed and suspicious letters are inspected further manual ray dog. 
642 once manual sorting done the mail sent down conveyor belt the automatic sorting machine while going down the conveyor belt drug detection dog runs over all mail heading down and alerts letters containing whatever the dog trained find these are turn removed for further inspection manual ray the rest carry the machine and are sent for distribution around the country. 
642 any mail that cant automatically sorted for distribution usually due addresses the wrong format hand written messily too thick fit etc are manually sorted again. 
642 using the above information one case see that the risk areas are the country origin the initial manual sorter the drug detection dog and the final automatic sorting machine. 
642 country origin the intelligence which particular countries the receiving country has flagged isnt made publicly available but one could assume they include the netherlands belgium colombia bolivia peru china vietnam thailand among others. 
642 well countries added based intelligence received and profiling. 
642 initial mail sorter has manually sort hundreds letters once make sure your letter doesnt attract second glimpse. 
642 ensure you use high quality envelope not cheap one thats thin and soft and likely tear. 
642 ensure looks harmless and boring from the outside and ensure its thin possible and packaged the contents cannot felt handled and that handled feels like paper inside not foil bag drug detection dog use moisture barrier bags and foil layered are the best followed and mylar. 
642 you should doing your packaging clean environment because any molecules from your product end the outside that bag the envelope youve wasted your time and will detected. 
642 final automatic sorting machine make sure the address clearly readable and the correct format for that country. 
642 make sure your envelope standard size. 
642 see the first post this thread for standard envelope sizes use the above information and create your letters how you wish you still get any shows particular country change what your letters look like because your current ones have been photographed and added database. 
642 this includes the return address and any identifiable logos etc. 
642 how ensure your mail goes through the sorting machines without needing sorted manually one those pesky humans specific the info below taken from the australia post guidelines for international mail and theyre based around the specs required for mail into the auto sorter machines letter falls outside these guidelines theres much bigger chance will end being manually sorted person. 
642 when you receive letter than doesnt have one those faint orange barcodes means its been manually sorted. 
642 this doesnt apply bulk mail that big companies send out people though recommended envelope sizes and max weight and thickness small letter maxc maxno more than thicklarge letter maxc maxb maxno more than thickenvelope quality white gsm paperaddress font courier helvetica font point pitchit should contain full stops commas other punctuation. 
642 you can use but its recommended not. 
642 there should advertising logos etc near the address. 
642 the street number should spaces away from the unit suite numberthe suburb and country should capitalsthe post code should spaces away from the should between talland between. 
642 widethe space between lines from. 
642 mmaddress example john smithsuite silk roadport headland australiasome these things are going the extreme and probably not necessary besides the huge majority orders make without any issues anyway but you want perfection this where its. 
642 guideline books see these for the correct address layouts and where stamps addresses and logos etc should shouldnt placed. 
642 pdfeducational video about the mail process clearnet. 
642 com watch wumr qpqp some important info for vendors from farmer bob. 
642 very useful terms picking the right packaging and cleaning the surface ensure any traces have been removed. 
642 author farmerbob link topic. 
642 msg msg date glad see this finally getting adopted but theres lot misinformation going around. 
642 ignore mylar foil only use laminates that were designed and manufactured used moisture barrier bagging. 
642 mbbs are subset mylar but mylar does not equate mbb. 
642 many products that are referred mylar and maybe even look and feel just like mbbs are not suitable for use here. 
642 beware product substitution. 
642 dont use irons curling irons food vac sealers. 
642 they wont give you the consistency quality impulse sealer. 
642 get quality impulse sealer width and read online how check seal quality. 
642 you should able see the outline the seal line insulation fabric imprinted one side. 
642 bond some pieces and pull the bag should tear rather than the seal peeling apart. 
642 once you get your heat setting where you like keep there but check every few hundred seals. 
642 leave some air the package clean sink with detergent soap and rinse bleachwater. 
642 when its the detergent sink squeeze the bags look for air leakage bubble should come out. 
642 before you pull them out the bleach bucket wash your hands well. 
642 this point neither bloodhound nor mass spectrometer will pick scent from any enclosed drugs provided you dont contaminate the bag contaminate the mailing materials. 
642 purchase mbbs from wherever you like plutopete amazon ebay etc anonymously. 
642 there are survivalists hobbyists and plenty small businesses that buy these. 
642 they went out style with the big time smugglers decades ago. 
642 purchasing them wont suspicious and its perfectly legal. 
642 removing trace particles properly author farmerbob link topic. 
642 msg msg date the right way ensure you wash off both polar and nopolar surface contaminants. 
642 detergent wash followed ipa and acetone followed deionized water rinse would the technique youd use you could properly. 
642 the issue properly good cleanroom surface cleaning technique difficult master. 
642 you have wipe one direction only and rotate the rag you wipe you have spray the bag from the top down and let gravity wash the contamination down. 
642 the risk that most people even trained professionals cleaning with alcohol will simply smear contamination around and not actually remove. 
642 sodium hypochlorite bleach clorox north america probably better choice for the masses. 
642 bleach will oxidize most organic molecules. 
642 residues that are left behind after detergent wash will react with the bleach the bucket the oxidized byproducts would likely pass even careful laboratory analysis swab test. 
642 alternative for the lazy just throw the packs your dishwasher with splash bleach. 
642 ive done that when was vending and had lot weed orders out and didnt feel like spending too much time cleaning them. 
642 case used peroxide bleach but everyone else should fine with clorox. 
643 info works fine but previous days and even some time ago got the cloudflare message about blocking actually the tor. 
644 from flashy may pmnot directly related but wont blockchain. 
644 info block tor using cloudflare anyway blockchain. 
644 info does not use cloudflare. 
644 you can create blockchain. 
644 info wallet and manage while tor but you will need enable javascript. 
645 from prouter may pmquote from playground may amwhats the best way removing any sensitive information from the windows swappage. 
645 com you arent confident you may install cygwin and develop some myshutdown script which will swapoff any swapfile content then shutdown. 
646 from meerkovo march amsent about two messages two support its been about week maybe more still reply this normal meerkovomate could wrong but say theres only couple people involved agora would pay dividends possibly employ some moderators for both the forums and the market. 
646 the longer issues unanswered the less trust have. 
647 from boogie may pmhey hubsters have tons security tutorials that ive collected over time. 
647 nerd and always fan useful guides. 
647 happy share with you collection. 
647 ill keep posting find them computer and when have time. 
647 you have any please toss them. 
647 ill try best reference them can remember encrypting your hard drive with verto owner evolution market introductionif you save anything your computer likely that you not want just anyone able see what you have saved. 
647 you want way protect that information that you can access and absolutely one else except those you trust. 
647 therefore makes sense set system which protects your information and safeguards against prying eyes. 
647 the best such system for this called true crypt. 
647 true crypt encryption software program which allows you store many files and directories inside single file your harddrive. 
647 further this file encrypted and one can actually see what you have saved there unless they know your password. 
647 this sounds extremely high tech but actually very easy set. 
647 org and click downloads. 
647 under latest stable version under windows vista click download. 
647 the file will called true crypt setup. 
647 exe something similar. 
647 run this file. 
647 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
647 check accept and agree bound these license terms. 
647 ensure that install selected and click next. 
647 you will see dialog stating truecrypt has been successfully installed. 
647 click when asked you wish view the tutorial user guide. 
647 click finish this point truecrypt now installed. 
647 now will set truecrypt that can begin using store sensitive information. 
647 click the windows logo start button the lower left corner your screen. 
647 click all programs. 
647 click the truecrypt applicationand now can begin. 
647 click the button create volume. 
647 ensuring that create encrypted file container selected click next. 
647 select hidden truecrypt volume and click next. 
647 ensuring that normal mode selected click next. 
647 click select file note which directory you are your computer. 
647 look the top the dialog that has opened and you will see the path you are most likely the home directory for your username. 
647 input box provided with flashing cursor asking you type file name. 
647 here you will type the following filename random. 
647 txt you may course replace random. 
647 txt with anything you like. 
647 this file going created and will used store many other files inside. 
647 not use filename for file that already exists. 
647 the idea here that you are creating entirely new file. 
647 also recommended though not required that you hide this file somewhere less obvious. 
647 your home directory then someone who has access your computer may find easier. 
647 you can also choose put this file any other media doesn have your hard disk. 
647 you could for example save your truecrypt file usb flash drive card some other media. 
647 once you have typed the file name click save. 
647 make sure never save history checked. 
647 the outer volume screen click next again. 
647 the default encryption algorithm and hash algorithm are fine. 
647 choose file size. 
647 order benefit the most from this guide you should have least gigabytes free disk space. 
647 not then worth for you purchase some form media such removable harddrive large card etc. 
647 truecrypt can used all forms digital media not just your hard disk. 
647 you choose proceed without obtaining least ten gigabytes disk space then select size that you are comfortable with such. 
647 ideally you want choose enough space work with. 
647 remember that you need more space later you can always create additional truecrypt volumes using exactly these same steps. 
647 now you are prompted for password. 
647 this very important. 
647 read this carefullyread this section carefullythe password you choose here decoy password. 
647 that means this the password you would give someone under duress. 
647 suppose that someone suspects that you were accessing sensitive information and they threaten beat you worse you not reveal the password. 
647 this the password that you give them. 
647 when you give someone this password will nearly impossible for them prove that not the right password. 
647 further they cannot even know that there second password. 
647 here are some tips for your password. 
647 choose password you will never forget. 
647 may ten years from now that you need. 
647 make simple like your birthday repeated three times. 
647 make sure seems reasonable that appears real password. 
647 the password something stupid like then they may not believe you. 
647 remember that this password that you would give someone forced. 
647 not your actual password. 
647 not make this password too similar what you plan really use. 
647 you not want someone guess your main password from this one. 
647 and with all this mind choose your password. 
647 when you have typed twice click next. 
647 large files here you are asked whether not you plan store files larger than gigabytes. 
647 choose and click next. 
647 outer volume format here you will notice some random numbers and letters next where says random pool. 
647 ahead and move your mouse around fora bit. 
647 this will increase the randomness and give you better encryption. 
647 after about ten seconds this click format. 
647 depending the file size you selected will take some time finish formatting. 
647 what happening truecrypt creating the file you asked such random. 
647 building file system contained entirely within that one file. 
647 this file system can used store files directories and more. 
647 further encrypting this file system such way that without the right password will impossible for anyone access. 
647 anyone other than you this file will appear just mess random characters. 
647 one will even know that truecrypt volume. 
647 outer volume contents click the button called open outer volume empty folder has opened. 
647 this empty because you have yet put any files into your truecrypt volume. 
647 not put any sensitive content herethis the decoy. 
647 this what someone would see you gave them the password you used the previous step. 
647 this not where you are going store your sensitive data. 
647 you have been forced into situation where you had reveal your password some individual then that individual will see whatever this folder. 
647 you need have data this folder that appears sensitive enough protected truecrypt order fool them. 
647 here are some important tips keep mind. 
647 not use porn. 
647 adult models can sometimes appear underaged and this can cause you incriminate yourself. 
647 not use drawings renderings writings porn. 
647 many jurisdictions these are just illegal photographs. 
647 good choices for what put here include backups documents emails financial documents etc. 
647 once you have placed files into this folder never place any more files the future. 
647 doing may damage your hidden content. 
647 generally you want store innocent data where some individual looking would find cause against you and yet the same time they would understand why you used truecrypt secure that data. 
647 now ahead and find files and store them this folder. 
647 sure that you leave least ten gigabytes free. 
647 the more the better. 
647 when you are all done copying files into this folder close the folder clicking the the top right corner. 
647 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
647 hidden volume click next. 
647 the default encryption and hash algorithms are fine click next. 
647 hidden volume size the maximum available space indicated bold below the text box. 
647 round down the nearest full unit. 
647 gbis available select. 
647 are available select. 
647 warning dialog comes asking are you sure you wish continue select yes. 
647 hidden volume password important read thishere you are going select the real password. 
647 this the password you will never reveal anyone else under any circumstances. 
647 only you will know. 
647 one will able figure out even know that there second password. 
647 aware that individual intent obtaining your sensitive information may lie you and claim able figure this out. 
647 highly recommended that you choose character password here. 
647 difficult remember character password choose character password and simply repeat times. 
647 date naturally has exactly numbers and significant date your life repeated times would just fine. 
647 type your password twice and click next. 
647 large files select yes and click next. 
647 hidden volume format before move your mouse around for about ten seconds randomly and tehn click format. 
647 prompted program needs your permission continue select continue. 
647 dialog will come telling you that the hidden truecrypt volume has been successfully created. 
647 click exit you have just set encrypted file container your hard drive. 
647 anything you store here will inaccessible anyone except you. 
647 further you have protected this content with two passwords. 
647 one that you will give someone under threat and one that only you will know. 
647 keep your real password well protected and never write down give anyone else for any reason. 
647 now should test both passwords. 
647 testing truecrypt volumesonce you have completed the above section you will back truecrypt. 
647 ahead and follow these steps test the volumes you have made. 
647 click select file. 
647 locate the file you created the last section most likely called random. 
647 txt something similar. 
647 remember that even though there both outer anda hidden volume both volumes are contained single file. 
647 there are not two files only one. 
647 choose drive letter that you are not using anything past probably just fine. 
647 click that for example click highlight. 
647 now you are prompted for password. 
647 read the below carefully the password you provide here will determine which volume mounted the drive letter you specified. 
647 you type your decoy password then will show all the files and directories you copied that you would reveal forced. 
647 you type your real password then will show the files and directories that you never intend anyone see. 
647 after successfully typing your password you will see additional detail the right the drive letter including the full path the file you selected well the kind volume for example hidden. 
647 right click your windows logo start menu icon and scroll down the bottom where you can see your different drive letters. 
647 you will see the drive letter you selected for example local disk. 
647 you selected your decoy password you will see all the files and folders that you moved there during the installation phase. 
647 you selected the real password you will see whatever files and directories you have placed far into the hidden volume any. 
647 you selected your hidden volume password you may now begin moving any sensitive information you wish. 
647 aware that simply moving from your main hard disk not enough. 
647 will discuss how ensure deleted data actually deleted later the guide. 
647 what happening when you select file and mount drive you are telling your computer that you have new drive with files and folders. 
647 the same thing you had plugged usb flash drive removable harddrive card into your computer. 
647 truecrypt causes your computer think that there entirely new disk drive your computer. 
647 you can use this disk drive just was actually usb flash drive. 
647 you can copy files directories and use just you would use usb flash drive. 
647 when you are done simply close all open windows folders applications that are using your truecrypt drive letter and then click dismount from within truecrypt while you have the drive letter highlighted. 
647 this will once again hide all this data accessible only mounting with the correct password. 
647 very important safety true crypt hidden volume mounted someone who has access your computer can access anything that inside that hidden volume. 
647 for example you left your computer running while truecrypt volume was mounted then someone gained access your computer they would able see everything you have that volume. 
647 therefore always remember dismount any truecrypt volume containing any sensitive information when you are not using your computeryou can tell that dismounted because the drive letter inside truecrypt control panel will appear the same all the other drive letters with information the right the drive letter. 
647 you should practice mounting and dismounting few times with both passwords make sure you understand this process. 
647 once you have copied files folders into the hidden volume not touch the files folders the outer volume anymore. 
647 remember that both volumes occupy the same single file and therefore changing the outer volume can damage the hidden volume. 
647 once you have copied files folders into the outer volume during the installation process that the last time you should. 
647 from that point forward use only the hidden volume. 
647 the outer volume exists only decoy you need. 
647 very careful encrypting your laptop with truecrypt full disk encryption unless you want toaster. 
647 some laptops like have bios issues and can not use truecrypt fde. 
647 also you can always just replace the with linux distro that has built fde. 
648 very good point axa. 
648 appreciate you adding that. 
648 you have any tuts also feel free post any friend. 
649 tails stands for the amnesiac incognito live system. 
649 tails live system that aims preserving your privacy and anonymity. 
649 helps you use the internet anonymously almost anywhere you and any computer but leave trace using unless you ask explicitly. 
649 complete operating system designed used from dvd usb stick independently the computers original operating system. 
649 free software and based debian gnu linux. 
649 tails comes with several built applications pre configured with security mind web browser instant messaging client email client office suite image and sound editor etc. 
649 tails relies the tor anonymity network protect your privacy online the pre installed software configured connect through tor and direct non anonymous connections are blocked. 
649 tails being constantly updated for security flaws you will need this all over again soon stay safe this comes from the tails website its very important keep your version tails date otherwise your system will vulnerable numerous security holes. 
649 the development team doing its best release new versions fixing known security holes regular basis. 
649 you will need usb thumb drives may pass they are very cheap and available almost everywhere. 
649 download the latest version the tails. 
649 iso file from here remember where you save. 
649 org download index. 
649 html you are advanced user you can download the cryptographic signature this same page and then verify the download with the tails key from here. 
649 org tails signing. 
649 key download the latest version the linux universal usb installer from here. 
649 com universal usb installer easy run the newly downloaded universal usb installer read and agree the disclaimer select tails from the first drop down list its towards the end the list step browse and select the tails. 
649 iso file step select your usb drive letter format the drive its not empty already step click create button then wait for finish. 
649 will few minutes least. 
649 restart the computer and boot into tails from the usb drive see below for details booting from usb drive booting from usb drive does not automatically boot the usb drive you need select the boot order some newer computers will allow you select which drive boot with small menu without changing bios settings. 
649 you might instead need edit the bios settings restart your computer and watch for message telling you which key press enter the bios setup. 
649 will usually one del esc. 
649 press this key while your computer booting edit your bios settings. 
649 you need edit the boot order. 
649 depending your computer you should see entry for removable drive usb media. 
649 move this the top the list force the computer attempt boot from usb before booting from the hard disk. 
649 save your changes and continue. 
649 many flash drives ship usb fdd formatted and some systems will not detect even boot usb fdd. 
649 most systems can however boot usb zip and usb hdd. 
649 you are having hard time getting your bios detect your flash drive you can try format usb hdd usb zip using the bootice program similar. 
649 caution this very advanced program use with caution follow links for the latest version. 
649 com bootice partition flash drive edit boot sector for more detailed instruction how boot from usb you can read. 
649 com tipstricks bootusbflash. 
649 htmif you have problems accessing the bios read this. 
649 com how access bios any other questions ask away. 
649 will not accept donations for this tutorial offer this only hope that more people will start using tor. 
649 you have excess bitcoins you feel like donating worthy cause please send them tor tails. 
649 org donate donate. 
649 org contribute how donate bitcoinnext installing persistent volume alongside liveusb copy tails this why you need two usb drives you should now presented with log prompt for temporary session administration password this reset every time you load tails optional enter this used allow current session access system functions you get any errors about access rights try using admin password log. 
649 also this point you can optionally select use windows camo skin make tails look more like youre public place for example this also optional. 
649 once tails and running insert the second usb drive. 
649 click the applications accessories menu then highlight tails then click tails usb installer. 
649 click the option clone install select your target device from the drop down menu your second usb drive click next then wait for finish however long copy about usb drive usually few minutes. 
649 this will install new copy tails onto your second usb drive this will your new proper tails usb. 
649 shutdown this session tails with the power button the right hand corner. 
649 dont forget take out the first usb you created and boot into the new second tails usb you can format the first usb drive later that copy tails longer required. 
649 log the new tails usb once logged click the applications menu then highlight the system tools sub menu then click configure persistent volume. 
649 the size the persistent volume automatically determined how much left over space the usb drive after installing tails the previous steps. 
649 choose your pass phrase for the persistent volume you will need enter this every time you login tails. 
649 the persistent volume encrypted partition protected pass phrase. 
649 once the persistent volume created you can choose activate not each time you start tails. 
649 good place store sensitive materials. 
649 when choosing your pass phrase remember that short easily guessed pass phrases are very easily cracked would take one intel cpu over years brute force crack aes encrypted random character pass phrase using lowercase uppercase characters click create and wait for finish. 
649 completion window will popup allowing you select what tails will save the new persistent volume automatically internet shortcuts pgp keys nudie pictures application settings etc. 
649 recommend selecting everything. 
649 close and reboot with your modem plugged and switched log back into tails with your new persistent volume. 
649 make sure your modem plugged and turned click the system menu then highlight the preferences submenu then click network connections. 
649 now only you know what type internet connection you pay for cannot help you with that personal internet connection was amazingly simple setup was quite surprised its pre configured setups has many different countries options for local telcos pre installed. 
649 another note tails pre configured through tor pre installed with vidalia and torified browser called iceweasel. 
649 should automatically open when connected the internet. 
649 not use the iceweasel browser menu shortcut get onto the road. 
649 also this operating system not persistent for security measures meaning that any changes you make that are not saved the persistent volume will not saved restarting tails you are now finished feel free click through all the menus and play with the applications. 
650 down only relevant the server actually down. 
650 the issues are more than likely too much traffic the server ddos right. 
651 just being impatient have set connect ckl obj gypcu. 
651 onion this worked fine before temp leave. 
651 should just wait out for the connection have tried other servers and they did not connect either. 
651 any advice would greatly appreciated cheers rhett. 
652 also really that bad just auto connect being already connected thru tor node. 
653 agora seems allow their vendors who require feing lot lattitude when those vendors are then called out scammers both the review page and the forums. 
653 also have idea who you can talk about vendor that has scammed you nor sure what takes for them banned least have their vendor page suspended. 
653 however least agora has escrow option. 
653 still waiting for that which seems nothing but scamming vendors. 
654 from owockeznan may amwhy does the buyer have deposit into the evo wallet first why can not get the address and redeemscript inspect for accuracy before move our coin from boogie may pmalso having your coin the market site for min isnt gonna that much big deal hang. 
654 doesnt that beat the entire purpose multisig have thought the idea multisig not having any coins sent market wallet bro some people would think that big deal. 
654 technically the scope for loss coins from market hack admin heist still exists right just playing the devils advocate here. 
655 from pops may pmwell done boogie hell lot infomation and good advice. 
655 your post should sticky itll save lot people lot pain and coin. 
655 well done again popsthank you pops appreciate the kind words. 
655 love your avatar too. 
656 gonna have ask the same questions did before why does the buyer have deposit into the evo wallet first why can not get the address and redeemscript inspect for accuracy before move our coin second have you considered providing the redemption info for vendors the tmp plugin json format that would allow current tmp vendors use their existing setup. 
656 the format input txid funding vout voutout from funding scriptpubkey scriptpubkey that the escrow wallet address redeemscript reedeemscript pubkey public key expected sign this wallet public key expressed btc address the only limitation here that due bug that really should fix the plugin the signature that given has come after the signature added. 
656 that say the redeemscript has public keys order pub pub pub you cant have provide signed with priv and signed with priv but one signed with priv will work every time. 
657 have been trying for over week. 
657 site has been down for days and still down. 
658 have been able get into both but the agora forum thread tools new thread reply any posting has been absent. 
658 everyone trying new identity correct. 
659 good guide you. 
659 ive always heard about tails but never knew really what was until now. 
659 ill doing this very soon thanks. 
660 from owockeznan may amwhy does the buyer have deposit into the evo wallet first why can not get the address and redeemscript inspect for accuracy before move our coin from boogie may pmalso having your coin the market site for min isnt gonna that much big deal hang. 
660 doesnt that beat the entire purpose multisig have thought the idea multisig not having any coins sent market wallet bro some people would think that big deal. 
660 technically the scope for loss coins from market hack admin heist still exists right just playing the devils advocate here. 
661 agora seems allow their vendors who require feing lot lattitude when those vendors are then called out scammers both the review page and the forums. 
661 also have idea who you can talk about vendor that has scammed you nor sure what takes for them banned least have their vendor page suspended. 
661 however least agora has escrow option. 
661 still waiting for that which seems nothing but scamming vendors. 
662 from meerkovo march amsent about two messages two support its been about week maybe more still reply this normal meerkovomate could wrong but say theres only couple people involved agora would pay dividends possibly employ some moderators for both the forums and the market. 
662 the longer issues unanswered the less trust have. 
663 down only relevant the server actually down. 
663 the issues are more than likely too much traffic the server ddos right. 
664 have been trying for over week. 
664 site has been down for days and still down. 
665 have been able get into both but the agora forum thread tools new thread reply any posting has been absent. 
665 everyone trying new identity correct. 
666 guys please not direct people contact you for the purpose trade. 
667 agora seems allow their vendors who require feing lot lattitude when those vendors are then called out scammers both the review page and the forums. 
667 also have idea who you can talk about vendor that has scammed you nor sure what takes for them banned least have their vendor page suspended. 
667 however least agora has escrow option. 
667 still waiting for that which seems nothing but scamming vendors. 
668 from pops may pmwell done boogie hell lot infomation and good advice. 
668 your post should sticky itll save lot people lot pain and coin. 
668 well done again popsthank you pops appreciate the kind words. 
668 love your avatar too. 
669 gonna have ask the same questions did before why does the buyer have deposit into the evo wallet first why can not get the address and redeemscript inspect for accuracy before move our coin second have you considered providing the redemption info for vendors the tmp plugin json format that would allow current tmp vendors use their existing setup. 
669 the format input txid funding vout voutout from funding scriptpubkey scriptpubkey that the escrow wallet address redeemscript reedeemscript pubkey public key expected sign this wallet public key expressed btc address the only limitation here that due bug that really should fix the plugin the signature that given has come after the signature added. 
669 that say the redeemscript has public keys order pub pub pub you cant have provide signed with priv and signed with priv but one signed with priv will work every time. 
670 from owockeznan may amgonna have ask the same questions did before why does the buyer have deposit into the evo wallet first why can not get the address and redeemscript inspect for accuracy before move our coin second have you considered providing the redemption info for vendors the tmp plugin json format that would allow current tmp vendors use their existing setup. 
670 the format input txid funding vout voutout from funding scriptpubkey scriptpubkey that the escrow wallet address redeemscript reedeemscript pubkey public key expected sign this wallet public key expressed btc address the only limitation here that due bug that really should fix the plugin the signature that given has come after the signature added. 
670 that say the redeemscript has public keys order pub pub pub you cant have provide signed with priv and signed with priv but one signed with priv will work every time. 
670 friend cant answer your question thoroughly didnt write the program you would have evos forums and either message the helpdesk verto kimble. 
670 hope this helps friend. 
670 but know that lot other markets operate their multisig the same manner. 
670 take care bud. 
671 update went ahead and pmed the admins about this. 
671 but honestly the multisig set well and very user friendly compared others. 
671 also having your coin the market site for min isnt gonna that much big deal hope this helps comrade. 
672 guys please not direct people contact you for the purpose trade. 
673 good guide you. 
673 ive always heard about tails but never knew really what was until now. 
673 ill doing this very soon thanks. 
674 tails stands for the amnesiac incognito live system. 
674 tails live system that aims preserving your privacy and anonymity. 
674 helps you use the internet anonymously almost anywhere you and any computer but leave trace using unless you ask explicitly. 
674 complete operating system designed used from dvd usb stick independently the computers original operating system. 
674 free software and based debian gnu linux. 
674 tails comes with several built applications pre configured with security mind web browser instant messaging client email client office suite image and sound editor etc. 
674 tails relies the tor anonymity network protect your privacy online the pre installed software configured connect through tor and direct non anonymous connections are blocked. 
674 tails being constantly updated for security flaws you will need this all over again soon stay safe this comes from the tails website its very important keep your version tails date otherwise your system will vulnerable numerous security holes. 
674 the development team doing its best release new versions fixing known security holes regular basis. 
674 you will need usb thumb drives may pass they are very cheap and available almost everywhere. 
674 download the latest version the tails. 
674 iso file from here remember where you save. 
674 org download index. 
674 html you are advanced user you can download the cryptographic signature this same page and then verify the download with the tails key from here. 
674 org tails signing. 
674 key download the latest version the linux universal usb installer from here. 
674 com universal usb installer easy run the newly downloaded universal usb installer read and agree the disclaimer select tails from the first drop down list its towards the end the list step browse and select the tails. 
674 iso file step select your usb drive letter format the drive its not empty already step click create button then wait for finish. 
674 will few minutes least. 
674 restart the computer and boot into tails from the usb drive see below for details booting from usb drive booting from usb drive does not automatically boot the usb drive you need select the boot order some newer computers will allow you select which drive boot with small menu without changing bios settings. 
674 you might instead need edit the bios settings restart your computer and watch for message telling you which key press enter the bios setup. 
674 will usually one del esc. 
674 press this key while your computer booting edit your bios settings. 
674 you need edit the boot order. 
674 depending your computer you should see entry for removable drive usb media. 
674 move this the top the list force the computer attempt boot from usb before booting from the hard disk. 
674 save your changes and continue. 
674 many flash drives ship usb fdd formatted and some systems will not detect even boot usb fdd. 
674 most systems can however boot usb zip and usb hdd. 
674 you are having hard time getting your bios detect your flash drive you can try format usb hdd usb zip using the bootice program similar. 
674 caution this very advanced program use with caution follow links for the latest version. 
674 com bootice partition flash drive edit boot sector for more detailed instruction how boot from usb you can read. 
674 com tipstricks bootusbflash. 
674 htmif you have problems accessing the bios read this. 
674 com how access bios any other questions ask away. 
674 will not accept donations for this tutorial offer this only hope that more people will start using tor. 
674 you have excess bitcoins you feel like donating worthy cause please send them tor tails. 
674 org donate donate. 
674 org contribute how donate bitcoinnext installing persistent volume alongside liveusb copy tails this why you need two usb drives you should now presented with log prompt for temporary session administration password this reset every time you load tails optional enter this used allow current session access system functions you get any errors about access rights try using admin password log. 
674 also this point you can optionally select use windows camo skin make tails look more like youre public place for example this also optional. 
674 once tails and running insert the second usb drive. 
674 click the applications accessories menu then highlight tails then click tails usb installer. 
674 click the option clone install select your target device from the drop down menu your second usb drive click next then wait for finish however long copy about usb drive usually few minutes. 
674 this will install new copy tails onto your second usb drive this will your new proper tails usb. 
674 shutdown this session tails with the power button the right hand corner. 
674 dont forget take out the first usb you created and boot into the new second tails usb you can format the first usb drive later that copy tails longer required. 
674 log the new tails usb once logged click the applications menu then highlight the system tools sub menu then click configure persistent volume. 
674 the size the persistent volume automatically determined how much left over space the usb drive after installing tails the previous steps. 
674 choose your pass phrase for the persistent volume you will need enter this every time you login tails. 
674 the persistent volume encrypted partition protected pass phrase. 
674 once the persistent volume created you can choose activate not each time you start tails. 
674 good place store sensitive materials. 
674 when choosing your pass phrase remember that short easily guessed pass phrases are very easily cracked would take one intel cpu over years brute force crack aes encrypted random character pass phrase using lowercase uppercase characters click create and wait for finish. 
674 completion window will popup allowing you select what tails will save the new persistent volume automatically internet shortcuts pgp keys nudie pictures application settings etc. 
674 recommend selecting everything. 
674 close and reboot with your modem plugged and switched log back into tails with your new persistent volume. 
674 make sure your modem plugged and turned click the system menu then highlight the preferences submenu then click network connections. 
674 now only you know what type internet connection you pay for cannot help you with that personal internet connection was amazingly simple setup was quite surprised its pre configured setups has many different countries options for local telcos pre installed. 
674 another note tails pre configured through tor pre installed with vidalia and torified browser called iceweasel. 
674 should automatically open when connected the internet. 
674 not use the iceweasel browser menu shortcut get onto the road. 
674 also this operating system not persistent for security measures meaning that any changes you make that are not saved the persistent volume will not saved restarting tails you are now finished feel free click through all the menus and play with the applications. 
675 agora seems allow their vendors who require feing lot lattitude when those vendors are then called out scammers both the review page and the forums. 
675 also have idea who you can talk about vendor that has scammed you nor sure what takes for them banned least have their vendor page suspended. 
675 however least agora has escrow option. 
675 still waiting for that which seems nothing but scamming vendors. 
676 will when have spare coins from next orderi think erowid. 
676 org also worth mentioning its just great what they are doing. 
677 definitely into kicking down some coin when orders start coming hell any vendor that comes from agora whatever other godawful market and starts doing business here could doing this and still making more loot than before theyre longer paying bonds fees commissions etc. 
678 seconding supporting erowid cant imagine how many terrible trips bad combinations and deaths have been prevented them. 
678 plus you send them good sized donation theyve got some cool psychedelic poetry magnets and glass molecules theyll send your way. 
679 from schuldig may pmit pre installed with vidalia and torified browser called iceweasel. 
679 should automatically open when connected the internet. 
679 not use the iceweasel browser menu shortcut get onto the road. 
679 iceweasel opened automatically for tails version. 
679 but ive had use the shortcut the last two versions. 
680 just being impatient have set connect ckl obj gypcu. 
680 onion this worked fine before temp leave. 
680 should just wait out for the connection have tried other servers and they did not connect either. 
680 any advice would greatly appreciated cheers rhett. 
681 also really that bad just auto connect being already connected thru tor node. 
682 from pops may pmwell done boogie hell lot infomation and good advice. 
682 your post should sticky itll save lot people lot pain and coin. 
682 well done again popsthank you pops appreciate the kind words. 
682 love your avatar too. 
683 from schuldig may pmit pre installed with vidalia and torified browser called iceweasel. 
683 should automatically open when connected the internet. 
683 not use the iceweasel browser menu shortcut get onto the road. 
683 iceweasel opened automatically for tails version. 
683 but ive had use the shortcut the last two versions. 
684 good guide you. 
684 ive always heard about tails but never knew really what was until now. 
684 ill doing this very soon thanks. 
685 update went ahead and pmed the admins about this. 
685 but honestly the multisig set well and very user friendly compared others. 
685 also having your coin the market site for min isnt gonna that much big deal hope this helps comrade. 
686 from owockeznan may amgonna have ask the same questions did before why does the buyer have deposit into the evo wallet first why can not get the address and redeemscript inspect for accuracy before move our coin second have you considered providing the redemption info for vendors the tmp plugin json format that would allow current tmp vendors use their existing setup. 
686 the format input txid funding vout voutout from funding scriptpubkey scriptpubkey that the escrow wallet address redeemscript reedeemscript pubkey public key expected sign this wallet public key expressed btc address the only limitation here that due bug that really should fix the plugin the signature that given has come after the signature added. 
686 that say the redeemscript has public keys order pub pub pub you cant have provide signed with priv and signed with priv but one signed with priv will work every time. 
686 friend cant answer your question thoroughly didnt write the program you would have evos forums and either message the helpdesk verto kimble. 
686 hope this helps friend. 
686 but know that lot other markets operate their multisig the same manner. 
686 take care bud. 
687 guys please not direct people contact you for the purpose trade. 
688 have been trying for over week. 
688 site has been down for days and still down. 
689 have been able get into both but the agora forum thread tools new thread reply any posting has been absent. 
689 everyone trying new identity correct. 
690 from meerkovo march amsent about two messages two support its been about week maybe more still reply this normal meerkovomate could wrong but say theres only couple people involved agora would pay dividends possibly employ some moderators for both the forums and the market. 
690 the longer issues unanswered the less trust have. 
691 from boogie may pmhey hubsters have tons security tutorials that ive collected over time. 
691 nerd and always fan useful guides. 
691 happy share with you collection. 
691 ill keep posting find them computer and when have time. 
691 you have any please toss them. 
691 ill try best reference them can remember encrypting your hard drive with verto owner evolution market introductionif you save anything your computer likely that you not want just anyone able see what you have saved. 
691 you want way protect that information that you can access and absolutely one else except those you trust. 
691 therefore makes sense set system which protects your information and safeguards against prying eyes. 
691 the best such system for this called true crypt. 
691 true crypt encryption software program which allows you store many files and directories inside single file your harddrive. 
691 further this file encrypted and one can actually see what you have saved there unless they know your password. 
691 this sounds extremely high tech but actually very easy set. 
691 org and click downloads. 
691 under latest stable version under windows vista click download. 
691 the file will called true crypt setup. 
691 exe something similar. 
691 run this file. 
691 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
691 check accept and agree bound these license terms. 
691 ensure that install selected and click next. 
691 you will see dialog stating truecrypt has been successfully installed. 
691 click when asked you wish view the tutorial user guide. 
691 click finish this point truecrypt now installed. 
691 now will set truecrypt that can begin using store sensitive information. 
691 click the windows logo start button the lower left corner your screen. 
691 click all programs. 
691 click the truecrypt applicationand now can begin. 
691 click the button create volume. 
691 ensuring that create encrypted file container selected click next. 
691 select hidden truecrypt volume and click next. 
691 ensuring that normal mode selected click next. 
691 click select file note which directory you are your computer. 
691 look the top the dialog that has opened and you will see the path you are most likely the home directory for your username. 
691 input box provided with flashing cursor asking you type file name. 
691 here you will type the following filename random. 
691 txt you may course replace random. 
691 txt with anything you like. 
691 this file going created and will used store many other files inside. 
691 not use filename for file that already exists. 
691 the idea here that you are creating entirely new file. 
691 also recommended though not required that you hide this file somewhere less obvious. 
691 your home directory then someone who has access your computer may find easier. 
691 you can also choose put this file any other media doesn have your hard disk. 
691 you could for example save your truecrypt file usb flash drive card some other media. 
691 once you have typed the file name click save. 
691 make sure never save history checked. 
691 the outer volume screen click next again. 
691 the default encryption algorithm and hash algorithm are fine. 
691 choose file size. 
691 order benefit the most from this guide you should have least gigabytes free disk space. 
691 not then worth for you purchase some form media such removable harddrive large card etc. 
691 truecrypt can used all forms digital media not just your hard disk. 
691 you choose proceed without obtaining least ten gigabytes disk space then select size that you are comfortable with such. 
691 ideally you want choose enough space work with. 
691 remember that you need more space later you can always create additional truecrypt volumes using exactly these same steps. 
691 now you are prompted for password. 
691 this very important. 
691 read this carefullyread this section carefullythe password you choose here decoy password. 
691 that means this the password you would give someone under duress. 
691 suppose that someone suspects that you were accessing sensitive information and they threaten beat you worse you not reveal the password. 
691 this the password that you give them. 
691 when you give someone this password will nearly impossible for them prove that not the right password. 
691 further they cannot even know that there second password. 
691 here are some tips for your password. 
691 choose password you will never forget. 
691 may ten years from now that you need. 
691 make simple like your birthday repeated three times. 
691 make sure seems reasonable that appears real password. 
691 the password something stupid like then they may not believe you. 
691 remember that this password that you would give someone forced. 
691 not your actual password. 
691 not make this password too similar what you plan really use. 
691 you not want someone guess your main password from this one. 
691 and with all this mind choose your password. 
691 when you have typed twice click next. 
691 large files here you are asked whether not you plan store files larger than gigabytes. 
691 choose and click next. 
691 outer volume format here you will notice some random numbers and letters next where says random pool. 
691 ahead and move your mouse around fora bit. 
691 this will increase the randomness and give you better encryption. 
691 after about ten seconds this click format. 
691 depending the file size you selected will take some time finish formatting. 
691 what happening truecrypt creating the file you asked such random. 
691 building file system contained entirely within that one file. 
691 this file system can used store files directories and more. 
691 further encrypting this file system such way that without the right password will impossible for anyone access. 
691 anyone other than you this file will appear just mess random characters. 
691 one will even know that truecrypt volume. 
691 outer volume contents click the button called open outer volume empty folder has opened. 
691 this empty because you have yet put any files into your truecrypt volume. 
691 not put any sensitive content herethis the decoy. 
691 this what someone would see you gave them the password you used the previous step. 
691 this not where you are going store your sensitive data. 
691 you have been forced into situation where you had reveal your password some individual then that individual will see whatever this folder. 
691 you need have data this folder that appears sensitive enough protected truecrypt order fool them. 
691 here are some important tips keep mind. 
691 not use porn. 
691 adult models can sometimes appear underaged and this can cause you incriminate yourself. 
691 not use drawings renderings writings porn. 
691 many jurisdictions these are just illegal photographs. 
691 good choices for what put here include backups documents emails financial documents etc. 
691 once you have placed files into this folder never place any more files the future. 
691 doing may damage your hidden content. 
691 generally you want store innocent data where some individual looking would find cause against you and yet the same time they would understand why you used truecrypt secure that data. 
691 now ahead and find files and store them this folder. 
691 sure that you leave least ten gigabytes free. 
691 the more the better. 
691 when you are all done copying files into this folder close the folder clicking the the top right corner. 
691 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
691 hidden volume click next. 
691 the default encryption and hash algorithms are fine click next. 
691 hidden volume size the maximum available space indicated bold below the text box. 
691 round down the nearest full unit. 
691 gbis available select. 
691 are available select. 
691 warning dialog comes asking are you sure you wish continue select yes. 
691 hidden volume password important read thishere you are going select the real password. 
691 this the password you will never reveal anyone else under any circumstances. 
691 only you will know. 
691 one will able figure out even know that there second password. 
691 aware that individual intent obtaining your sensitive information may lie you and claim able figure this out. 
691 highly recommended that you choose character password here. 
691 difficult remember character password choose character password and simply repeat times. 
691 date naturally has exactly numbers and significant date your life repeated times would just fine. 
691 type your password twice and click next. 
691 large files select yes and click next. 
691 hidden volume format before move your mouse around for about ten seconds randomly and tehn click format. 
691 prompted program needs your permission continue select continue. 
691 dialog will come telling you that the hidden truecrypt volume has been successfully created. 
691 click exit you have just set encrypted file container your hard drive. 
691 anything you store here will inaccessible anyone except you. 
691 further you have protected this content with two passwords. 
691 one that you will give someone under threat and one that only you will know. 
691 keep your real password well protected and never write down give anyone else for any reason. 
691 now should test both passwords. 
691 testing truecrypt volumesonce you have completed the above section you will back truecrypt. 
691 ahead and follow these steps test the volumes you have made. 
691 click select file. 
691 locate the file you created the last section most likely called random. 
691 txt something similar. 
691 remember that even though there both outer anda hidden volume both volumes are contained single file. 
691 there are not two files only one. 
691 choose drive letter that you are not using anything past probably just fine. 
691 click that for example click highlight. 
691 now you are prompted for password. 
691 read the below carefully the password you provide here will determine which volume mounted the drive letter you specified. 
691 you type your decoy password then will show all the files and directories you copied that you would reveal forced. 
691 you type your real password then will show the files and directories that you never intend anyone see. 
691 after successfully typing your password you will see additional detail the right the drive letter including the full path the file you selected well the kind volume for example hidden. 
691 right click your windows logo start menu icon and scroll down the bottom where you can see your different drive letters. 
691 you will see the drive letter you selected for example local disk. 
691 you selected your decoy password you will see all the files and folders that you moved there during the installation phase. 
691 you selected the real password you will see whatever files and directories you have placed far into the hidden volume any. 
691 you selected your hidden volume password you may now begin moving any sensitive information you wish. 
691 aware that simply moving from your main hard disk not enough. 
691 will discuss how ensure deleted data actually deleted later the guide. 
691 what happening when you select file and mount drive you are telling your computer that you have new drive with files and folders. 
691 the same thing you had plugged usb flash drive removable harddrive card into your computer. 
691 truecrypt causes your computer think that there entirely new disk drive your computer. 
691 you can use this disk drive just was actually usb flash drive. 
691 you can copy files directories and use just you would use usb flash drive. 
691 when you are done simply close all open windows folders applications that are using your truecrypt drive letter and then click dismount from within truecrypt while you have the drive letter highlighted. 
691 this will once again hide all this data accessible only mounting with the correct password. 
691 very important safety true crypt hidden volume mounted someone who has access your computer can access anything that inside that hidden volume. 
691 for example you left your computer running while truecrypt volume was mounted then someone gained access your computer they would able see everything you have that volume. 
691 therefore always remember dismount any truecrypt volume containing any sensitive information when you are not using your computeryou can tell that dismounted because the drive letter inside truecrypt control panel will appear the same all the other drive letters with information the right the drive letter. 
691 you should practice mounting and dismounting few times with both passwords make sure you understand this process. 
691 once you have copied files folders into the hidden volume not touch the files folders the outer volume anymore. 
691 remember that both volumes occupy the same single file and therefore changing the outer volume can damage the hidden volume. 
691 once you have copied files folders into the outer volume during the installation process that the last time you should. 
691 from that point forward use only the hidden volume. 
691 the outer volume exists only decoy you need. 
691 very careful encrypting your laptop with truecrypt full disk encryption unless you want toaster. 
691 some laptops like have bios issues and can not use truecrypt fde. 
691 also you can always just replace the with linux distro that has built fde. 
692 from boogie may pmhey hubsters have tons security tutorials that ive collected over time. 
692 nerd and always fan useful guides. 
692 happy share with you collection. 
692 ill keep posting find them computer and when have time. 
692 you have any please toss them. 
692 ill try best reference them can remember encrypting your hard drive with verto owner evolution market introductionif you save anything your computer likely that you not want just anyone able see what you have saved. 
692 you want way protect that information that you can access and absolutely one else except those you trust. 
692 therefore makes sense set system which protects your information and safeguards against prying eyes. 
692 the best such system for this called true crypt. 
692 true crypt encryption software program which allows you store many files and directories inside single file your harddrive. 
692 further this file encrypted and one can actually see what you have saved there unless they know your password. 
692 this sounds extremely high tech but actually very easy set. 
692 org and click downloads. 
692 under latest stable version under windows vista click download. 
692 the file will called true crypt setup. 
692 exe something similar. 
692 run this file. 
692 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
692 check accept and agree bound these license terms. 
692 ensure that install selected and click next. 
692 you will see dialog stating truecrypt has been successfully installed. 
692 click when asked you wish view the tutorial user guide. 
692 click finish this point truecrypt now installed. 
692 now will set truecrypt that can begin using store sensitive information. 
692 click the windows logo start button the lower left corner your screen. 
692 click all programs. 
692 click the truecrypt applicationand now can begin. 
692 click the button create volume. 
692 ensuring that create encrypted file container selected click next. 
692 select hidden truecrypt volume and click next. 
692 ensuring that normal mode selected click next. 
692 click select file note which directory you are your computer. 
692 look the top the dialog that has opened and you will see the path you are most likely the home directory for your username. 
692 input box provided with flashing cursor asking you type file name. 
692 here you will type the following filename random. 
692 txt you may course replace random. 
692 txt with anything you like. 
692 this file going created and will used store many other files inside. 
692 not use filename for file that already exists. 
692 the idea here that you are creating entirely new file. 
692 also recommended though not required that you hide this file somewhere less obvious. 
692 your home directory then someone who has access your computer may find easier. 
692 you can also choose put this file any other media doesn have your hard disk. 
692 you could for example save your truecrypt file usb flash drive card some other media. 
692 once you have typed the file name click save. 
692 make sure never save history checked. 
692 the outer volume screen click next again. 
692 the default encryption algorithm and hash algorithm are fine. 
692 choose file size. 
692 order benefit the most from this guide you should have least gigabytes free disk space. 
692 not then worth for you purchase some form media such removable harddrive large card etc. 
692 truecrypt can used all forms digital media not just your hard disk. 
692 you choose proceed without obtaining least ten gigabytes disk space then select size that you are comfortable with such. 
692 ideally you want choose enough space work with. 
692 remember that you need more space later you can always create additional truecrypt volumes using exactly these same steps. 
692 now you are prompted for password. 
692 this very important. 
692 read this carefullyread this section carefullythe password you choose here decoy password. 
692 that means this the password you would give someone under duress. 
692 suppose that someone suspects that you were accessing sensitive information and they threaten beat you worse you not reveal the password. 
692 this the password that you give them. 
692 when you give someone this password will nearly impossible for them prove that not the right password. 
692 further they cannot even know that there second password. 
692 here are some tips for your password. 
692 choose password you will never forget. 
692 may ten years from now that you need. 
692 make simple like your birthday repeated three times. 
692 make sure seems reasonable that appears real password. 
692 the password something stupid like then they may not believe you. 
692 remember that this password that you would give someone forced. 
692 not your actual password. 
692 not make this password too similar what you plan really use. 
692 you not want someone guess your main password from this one. 
692 and with all this mind choose your password. 
692 when you have typed twice click next. 
692 large files here you are asked whether not you plan store files larger than gigabytes. 
692 choose and click next. 
692 outer volume format here you will notice some random numbers and letters next where says random pool. 
692 ahead and move your mouse around fora bit. 
692 this will increase the randomness and give you better encryption. 
692 after about ten seconds this click format. 
692 depending the file size you selected will take some time finish formatting. 
692 what happening truecrypt creating the file you asked such random. 
692 building file system contained entirely within that one file. 
692 this file system can used store files directories and more. 
692 further encrypting this file system such way that without the right password will impossible for anyone access. 
692 anyone other than you this file will appear just mess random characters. 
692 one will even know that truecrypt volume. 
692 outer volume contents click the button called open outer volume empty folder has opened. 
692 this empty because you have yet put any files into your truecrypt volume. 
692 not put any sensitive content herethis the decoy. 
692 this what someone would see you gave them the password you used the previous step. 
692 this not where you are going store your sensitive data. 
692 you have been forced into situation where you had reveal your password some individual then that individual will see whatever this folder. 
692 you need have data this folder that appears sensitive enough protected truecrypt order fool them. 
692 here are some important tips keep mind. 
692 not use porn. 
692 adult models can sometimes appear underaged and this can cause you incriminate yourself. 
692 not use drawings renderings writings porn. 
692 many jurisdictions these are just illegal photographs. 
692 good choices for what put here include backups documents emails financial documents etc. 
692 once you have placed files into this folder never place any more files the future. 
692 doing may damage your hidden content. 
692 generally you want store innocent data where some individual looking would find cause against you and yet the same time they would understand why you used truecrypt secure that data. 
692 now ahead and find files and store them this folder. 
692 sure that you leave least ten gigabytes free. 
692 the more the better. 
692 when you are all done copying files into this folder close the folder clicking the the top right corner. 
692 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
692 hidden volume click next. 
692 the default encryption and hash algorithms are fine click next. 
692 hidden volume size the maximum available space indicated bold below the text box. 
692 round down the nearest full unit. 
692 gbis available select. 
692 are available select. 
692 warning dialog comes asking are you sure you wish continue select yes. 
692 hidden volume password important read thishere you are going select the real password. 
692 this the password you will never reveal anyone else under any circumstances. 
692 only you will know. 
692 one will able figure out even know that there second password. 
692 aware that individual intent obtaining your sensitive information may lie you and claim able figure this out. 
692 highly recommended that you choose character password here. 
692 difficult remember character password choose character password and simply repeat times. 
692 date naturally has exactly numbers and significant date your life repeated times would just fine. 
692 type your password twice and click next. 
692 large files select yes and click next. 
692 hidden volume format before move your mouse around for about ten seconds randomly and tehn click format. 
692 prompted program needs your permission continue select continue. 
692 dialog will come telling you that the hidden truecrypt volume has been successfully created. 
692 click exit you have just set encrypted file container your hard drive. 
692 anything you store here will inaccessible anyone except you. 
692 further you have protected this content with two passwords. 
692 one that you will give someone under threat and one that only you will know. 
692 keep your real password well protected and never write down give anyone else for any reason. 
692 now should test both passwords. 
692 testing truecrypt volumesonce you have completed the above section you will back truecrypt. 
692 ahead and follow these steps test the volumes you have made. 
692 click select file. 
692 locate the file you created the last section most likely called random. 
692 txt something similar. 
692 remember that even though there both outer anda hidden volume both volumes are contained single file. 
692 there are not two files only one. 
692 choose drive letter that you are not using anything past probably just fine. 
692 click that for example click highlight. 
692 now you are prompted for password. 
692 read the below carefully the password you provide here will determine which volume mounted the drive letter you specified. 
692 you type your decoy password then will show all the files and directories you copied that you would reveal forced. 
692 you type your real password then will show the files and directories that you never intend anyone see. 
692 after successfully typing your password you will see additional detail the right the drive letter including the full path the file you selected well the kind volume for example hidden. 
692 right click your windows logo start menu icon and scroll down the bottom where you can see your different drive letters. 
692 you will see the drive letter you selected for example local disk. 
692 you selected your decoy password you will see all the files and folders that you moved there during the installation phase. 
692 you selected the real password you will see whatever files and directories you have placed far into the hidden volume any. 
692 you selected your hidden volume password you may now begin moving any sensitive information you wish. 
692 aware that simply moving from your main hard disk not enough. 
692 will discuss how ensure deleted data actually deleted later the guide. 
692 what happening when you select file and mount drive you are telling your computer that you have new drive with files and folders. 
692 the same thing you had plugged usb flash drive removable harddrive card into your computer. 
692 truecrypt causes your computer think that there entirely new disk drive your computer. 
692 you can use this disk drive just was actually usb flash drive. 
692 you can copy files directories and use just you would use usb flash drive. 
692 when you are done simply close all open windows folders applications that are using your truecrypt drive letter and then click dismount from within truecrypt while you have the drive letter highlighted. 
692 this will once again hide all this data accessible only mounting with the correct password. 
692 very important safety true crypt hidden volume mounted someone who has access your computer can access anything that inside that hidden volume. 
692 for example you left your computer running while truecrypt volume was mounted then someone gained access your computer they would able see everything you have that volume. 
692 therefore always remember dismount any truecrypt volume containing any sensitive information when you are not using your computeryou can tell that dismounted because the drive letter inside truecrypt control panel will appear the same all the other drive letters with information the right the drive letter. 
692 you should practice mounting and dismounting few times with both passwords make sure you understand this process. 
692 once you have copied files folders into the hidden volume not touch the files folders the outer volume anymore. 
692 remember that both volumes occupy the same single file and therefore changing the outer volume can damage the hidden volume. 
692 once you have copied files folders into the outer volume during the installation process that the last time you should. 
692 from that point forward use only the hidden volume. 
692 the outer volume exists only decoy you need. 
692 very careful encrypting your laptop with truecrypt full disk encryption unless you want toaster. 
692 some laptops like have bios issues and can not use truecrypt fde. 
692 also you can always just replace the with linux distro that has built fde. 
693 down only relevant the server actually down. 
693 the issues are more than likely too much traffic the server ddos right. 
694 just being impatient have set connect ckl obj gypcu. 
694 onion this worked fine before temp leave. 
694 should just wait out for the connection have tried other servers and they did not connect either. 
694 any advice would greatly appreciated cheers rhett. 
695 also really that bad just auto connect being already connected thru tor node. 
696 all and whats. 
697 seconding supporting erowid can't imagine how many terrible trips bad combinations and deaths have been prevented them. 
697 plus you send them good sized donation they've got some cool psychedelic poetry magnets and glass molecules they'll send your way. 
698 i'm definitely into kicking down some coin when orders start coming hell any vendor that comes from agora whatever other godawful market and starts doing business here could doing this and still making more loot than before they're longer paying bonds fees commissions etc. 
699 will when have spare coins from next orderi think erowid. 
699 org also worth mentioning it's just great what they are doing. 
700 all and whats. 
701 from owockeznan may amwhy does the buyer have deposit into the evo wallet first why can not get the address and redeemscript inspect for accuracy before move our coin from boogie may pmalso having your coin the market site for min isnt gonna that much big deal hang. 
701 doesnt that beat the entire purpose multisig have thought the idea multisig not having any coins sent market wallet bro some people would think that big deal. 
701 technically the scope for loss coins from market hack admin heist still exists right just playing the devils advocate here. 
702 very good point axa. 
702 appreciate you adding that. 
702 you have any tuts also feel free post any friend. 
703 have been trying for over week. 
703 site has been down for days and still down. 
704 have been able get into both but the agora forum thread tools new thread reply any posting has been absent. 
704 everyone trying new identity correct. 
705 guys please not direct people contact you for the purpose trade. 
706 agora seems allow their vendors who require feing lot lattitude when those vendors are then called out scammers both the review page and the forums. 
706 also have idea who you can talk about vendor that has scammed you nor sure what takes for them banned least have their vendor page suspended. 
706 however least agora has escrow option. 
706 still waiting for that which seems nothing but scamming vendors. 
707 from pops may pmwell done boogie hell lot infomation and good advice. 
707 your post should sticky itll save lot people lot pain and coin. 
707 well done again popsthank you pops appreciate the kind words. 
707 love your avatar too. 
708 gonna have ask the same questions did before why does the buyer have deposit into the evo wallet first why can not get the address and redeemscript inspect for accuracy before move our coin second have you considered providing the redemption info for vendors the tmp plugin json format that would allow current tmp vendors use their existing setup. 
708 the format input txid funding vout voutout from funding scriptpubkey scriptpubkey that the escrow wallet address redeemscript reedeemscript pubkey public key expected sign this wallet public key expressed btc address the only limitation here that due bug that really should fix the plugin the signature that given has come after the signature added. 
708 that say the redeemscript has public keys order pub pub pub you cant have provide signed with priv and signed with priv but one signed with priv will work every time. 
709 from owockeznan may amgonna have ask the same questions did before why does the buyer have deposit into the evo wallet first why can not get the address and redeemscript inspect for accuracy before move our coin second have you considered providing the redemption info for vendors the tmp plugin json format that would allow current tmp vendors use their existing setup. 
709 the format input txid funding vout voutout from funding scriptpubkey scriptpubkey that the escrow wallet address redeemscript reedeemscript pubkey public key expected sign this wallet public key expressed btc address the only limitation here that due bug that really should fix the plugin the signature that given has come after the signature added. 
709 that say the redeemscript has public keys order pub pub pub you cant have provide signed with priv and signed with priv but one signed with priv will work every time. 
709 friend cant answer your question thoroughly didnt write the program you would have evos forums and either message the helpdesk verto kimble. 
709 hope this helps friend. 
709 but know that lot other markets operate their multisig the same manner. 
709 take care bud. 
710 update went ahead and pmed the admins about this. 
710 but honestly the multisig set well and very user friendly compared others. 
710 also having your coin the market site for min isnt gonna that much big deal hope this helps comrade. 
711 from meerkovo march amsent about two messages two support its been about week maybe more still reply this normal meerkovomate could wrong but say theres only couple people involved agora would pay dividends possibly employ some moderators for both the forums and the market. 
711 the longer issues unanswered the less trust have. 
712 very good point axa. 
712 appreciate you adding that. 
712 you have any tuts also feel free post any friend. 
713 from owockeznan may amwhy does the buyer have deposit into the evo wallet first why can not get the address and redeemscript inspect for accuracy before move our coin from boogie may pmalso having your coin the market site for min isnt gonna that much big deal hang. 
713 doesnt that beat the entire purpose multisig have thought the idea multisig not having any coins sent market wallet bro some people would think that big deal. 
713 technically the scope for loss coins from market hack admin heist still exists right just playing the devils advocate here. 
714 from boogie may pmhey hubsters have tons security tutorials that ive collected over time. 
714 nerd and always fan useful guides. 
714 happy share with you collection. 
714 ill keep posting find them computer and when have time. 
714 you have any please toss them. 
714 ill try best reference them can remember encrypting your hard drive with verto owner evolution market introductionif you save anything your computer likely that you not want just anyone able see what you have saved. 
714 you want way protect that information that you can access and absolutely one else except those you trust. 
714 therefore makes sense set system which protects your information and safeguards against prying eyes. 
714 the best such system for this called true crypt. 
714 true crypt encryption software program which allows you store many files and directories inside single file your harddrive. 
714 further this file encrypted and one can actually see what you have saved there unless they know your password. 
714 this sounds extremely high tech but actually very easy set. 
714 org and click downloads. 
714 under latest stable version under windows vista click download. 
714 the file will called true crypt setup. 
714 exe something similar. 
714 run this file. 
714 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
714 check accept and agree bound these license terms. 
714 ensure that install selected and click next. 
714 you will see dialog stating truecrypt has been successfully installed. 
714 click when asked you wish view the tutorial user guide. 
714 click finish this point truecrypt now installed. 
714 now will set truecrypt that can begin using store sensitive information. 
714 click the windows logo start button the lower left corner your screen. 
714 click all programs. 
714 click the truecrypt applicationand now can begin. 
714 click the button create volume. 
714 ensuring that create encrypted file container selected click next. 
714 select hidden truecrypt volume and click next. 
714 ensuring that normal mode selected click next. 
714 click select file note which directory you are your computer. 
714 look the top the dialog that has opened and you will see the path you are most likely the home directory for your username. 
714 input box provided with flashing cursor asking you type file name. 
714 here you will type the following filename random. 
714 txt you may course replace random. 
714 txt with anything you like. 
714 this file going created and will used store many other files inside. 
714 not use filename for file that already exists. 
714 the idea here that you are creating entirely new file. 
714 also recommended though not required that you hide this file somewhere less obvious. 
714 your home directory then someone who has access your computer may find easier. 
714 you can also choose put this file any other media doesn have your hard disk. 
714 you could for example save your truecrypt file usb flash drive card some other media. 
714 once you have typed the file name click save. 
714 make sure never save history checked. 
714 the outer volume screen click next again. 
714 the default encryption algorithm and hash algorithm are fine. 
714 choose file size. 
714 order benefit the most from this guide you should have least gigabytes free disk space. 
714 not then worth for you purchase some form media such removable harddrive large card etc. 
714 truecrypt can used all forms digital media not just your hard disk. 
714 you choose proceed without obtaining least ten gigabytes disk space then select size that you are comfortable with such. 
714 ideally you want choose enough space work with. 
714 remember that you need more space later you can always create additional truecrypt volumes using exactly these same steps. 
714 now you are prompted for password. 
714 this very important. 
714 read this carefullyread this section carefullythe password you choose here decoy password. 
714 that means this the password you would give someone under duress. 
714 suppose that someone suspects that you were accessing sensitive information and they threaten beat you worse you not reveal the password. 
714 this the password that you give them. 
714 when you give someone this password will nearly impossible for them prove that not the right password. 
714 further they cannot even know that there second password. 
714 here are some tips for your password. 
714 choose password you will never forget. 
714 may ten years from now that you need. 
714 make simple like your birthday repeated three times. 
714 make sure seems reasonable that appears real password. 
714 the password something stupid like then they may not believe you. 
714 remember that this password that you would give someone forced. 
714 not your actual password. 
714 not make this password too similar what you plan really use. 
714 you not want someone guess your main password from this one. 
714 and with all this mind choose your password. 
714 when you have typed twice click next. 
714 large files here you are asked whether not you plan store files larger than gigabytes. 
714 choose and click next. 
714 outer volume format here you will notice some random numbers and letters next where says random pool. 
714 ahead and move your mouse around fora bit. 
714 this will increase the randomness and give you better encryption. 
714 after about ten seconds this click format. 
714 depending the file size you selected will take some time finish formatting. 
714 what happening truecrypt creating the file you asked such random. 
714 building file system contained entirely within that one file. 
714 this file system can used store files directories and more. 
714 further encrypting this file system such way that without the right password will impossible for anyone access. 
714 anyone other than you this file will appear just mess random characters. 
714 one will even know that truecrypt volume. 
714 outer volume contents click the button called open outer volume empty folder has opened. 
714 this empty because you have yet put any files into your truecrypt volume. 
714 not put any sensitive content herethis the decoy. 
714 this what someone would see you gave them the password you used the previous step. 
714 this not where you are going store your sensitive data. 
714 you have been forced into situation where you had reveal your password some individual then that individual will see whatever this folder. 
714 you need have data this folder that appears sensitive enough protected truecrypt order fool them. 
714 here are some important tips keep mind. 
714 not use porn. 
714 adult models can sometimes appear underaged and this can cause you incriminate yourself. 
714 not use drawings renderings writings porn. 
714 many jurisdictions these are just illegal photographs. 
714 good choices for what put here include backups documents emails financial documents etc. 
714 once you have placed files into this folder never place any more files the future. 
714 doing may damage your hidden content. 
714 generally you want store innocent data where some individual looking would find cause against you and yet the same time they would understand why you used truecrypt secure that data. 
714 now ahead and find files and store them this folder. 
714 sure that you leave least ten gigabytes free. 
714 the more the better. 
714 when you are all done copying files into this folder close the folder clicking the the top right corner. 
714 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
714 hidden volume click next. 
714 the default encryption and hash algorithms are fine click next. 
714 hidden volume size the maximum available space indicated bold below the text box. 
714 round down the nearest full unit. 
714 gbis available select. 
714 are available select. 
714 warning dialog comes asking are you sure you wish continue select yes. 
714 hidden volume password important read thishere you are going select the real password. 
714 this the password you will never reveal anyone else under any circumstances. 
714 only you will know. 
714 one will able figure out even know that there second password. 
714 aware that individual intent obtaining your sensitive information may lie you and claim able figure this out. 
714 highly recommended that you choose character password here. 
714 difficult remember character password choose character password and simply repeat times. 
714 date naturally has exactly numbers and significant date your life repeated times would just fine. 
714 type your password twice and click next. 
714 large files select yes and click next. 
714 hidden volume format before move your mouse around for about ten seconds randomly and tehn click format. 
714 prompted program needs your permission continue select continue. 
714 dialog will come telling you that the hidden truecrypt volume has been successfully created. 
714 click exit you have just set encrypted file container your hard drive. 
714 anything you store here will inaccessible anyone except you. 
714 further you have protected this content with two passwords. 
714 one that you will give someone under threat and one that only you will know. 
714 keep your real password well protected and never write down give anyone else for any reason. 
714 now should test both passwords. 
714 testing truecrypt volumesonce you have completed the above section you will back truecrypt. 
714 ahead and follow these steps test the volumes you have made. 
714 click select file. 
714 locate the file you created the last section most likely called random. 
714 txt something similar. 
714 remember that even though there both outer anda hidden volume both volumes are contained single file. 
714 there are not two files only one. 
714 choose drive letter that you are not using anything past probably just fine. 
714 click that for example click highlight. 
714 now you are prompted for password. 
714 read the below carefully the password you provide here will determine which volume mounted the drive letter you specified. 
714 you type your decoy password then will show all the files and directories you copied that you would reveal forced. 
714 you type your real password then will show the files and directories that you never intend anyone see. 
714 after successfully typing your password you will see additional detail the right the drive letter including the full path the file you selected well the kind volume for example hidden. 
714 right click your windows logo start menu icon and scroll down the bottom where you can see your different drive letters. 
714 you will see the drive letter you selected for example local disk. 
714 you selected your decoy password you will see all the files and folders that you moved there during the installation phase. 
714 you selected the real password you will see whatever files and directories you have placed far into the hidden volume any. 
714 you selected your hidden volume password you may now begin moving any sensitive information you wish. 
714 aware that simply moving from your main hard disk not enough. 
714 will discuss how ensure deleted data actually deleted later the guide. 
714 what happening when you select file and mount drive you are telling your computer that you have new drive with files and folders. 
714 the same thing you had plugged usb flash drive removable harddrive card into your computer. 
714 truecrypt causes your computer think that there entirely new disk drive your computer. 
714 you can use this disk drive just was actually usb flash drive. 
714 you can copy files directories and use just you would use usb flash drive. 
714 when you are done simply close all open windows folders applications that are using your truecrypt drive letter and then click dismount from within truecrypt while you have the drive letter highlighted. 
714 this will once again hide all this data accessible only mounting with the correct password. 
714 very important safety true crypt hidden volume mounted someone who has access your computer can access anything that inside that hidden volume. 
714 for example you left your computer running while truecrypt volume was mounted then someone gained access your computer they would able see everything you have that volume. 
714 therefore always remember dismount any truecrypt volume containing any sensitive information when you are not using your computeryou can tell that dismounted because the drive letter inside truecrypt control panel will appear the same all the other drive letters with information the right the drive letter. 
714 you should practice mounting and dismounting few times with both passwords make sure you understand this process. 
714 once you have copied files folders into the hidden volume not touch the files folders the outer volume anymore. 
714 remember that both volumes occupy the same single file and therefore changing the outer volume can damage the hidden volume. 
714 once you have copied files folders into the outer volume during the installation process that the last time you should. 
714 from that point forward use only the hidden volume. 
714 the outer volume exists only decoy you need. 
714 very careful encrypting your laptop with truecrypt full disk encryption unless you want toaster. 
714 some laptops like have bios issues and can not use truecrypt fde. 
714 also you can always just replace the with linux distro that has built fde. 
715 agora seems allow their vendors who require feing lot lattitude when those vendors are then called out scammers both the review page and the forums. 
715 also have idea who you can talk about vendor that has scammed you nor sure what takes for them banned least have their vendor page suspended. 
715 however least agora has escrow option. 
715 still waiting for that which seems nothing but scamming vendors. 
716 from pops may pmwell done boogie hell lot infomation and good advice. 
716 your post should sticky itll save lot people lot pain and coin. 
716 well done again popsthank you pops appreciate the kind words. 
716 love your avatar too. 
717 gonna have ask the same questions did before why does the buyer have deposit into the evo wallet first why can not get the address and redeemscript inspect for accuracy before move our coin second have you considered providing the redemption info for vendors the tmp plugin json format that would allow current tmp vendors use their existing setup. 
717 the format input txid funding vout voutout from funding scriptpubkey scriptpubkey that the escrow wallet address redeemscript reedeemscript pubkey public key expected sign this wallet public key expressed btc address the only limitation here that due bug that really should fix the plugin the signature that given has come after the signature added. 
717 that say the redeemscript has public keys order pub pub pub you cant have provide signed with priv and signed with priv but one signed with priv will work every time. 
718 from owockeznan may amgonna have ask the same questions did before why does the buyer have deposit into the evo wallet first why can not get the address and redeemscript inspect for accuracy before move our coin second have you considered providing the redemption info for vendors the tmp plugin json format that would allow current tmp vendors use their existing setup. 
718 the format input txid funding vout voutout from funding scriptpubkey scriptpubkey that the escrow wallet address redeemscript reedeemscript pubkey public key expected sign this wallet public key expressed btc address the only limitation here that due bug that really should fix the plugin the signature that given has come after the signature added. 
718 that say the redeemscript has public keys order pub pub pub you cant have provide signed with priv and signed with priv but one signed with priv will work every time. 
718 friend cant answer your question thoroughly didnt write the program you would have evos forums and either message the helpdesk verto kimble. 
718 hope this helps friend. 
718 but know that lot other markets operate their multisig the same manner. 
718 take care bud. 
719 update went ahead and pmed the admins about this. 
719 but honestly the multisig set well and very user friendly compared others. 
719 also having your coin the market site for min isnt gonna that much big deal hope this helps comrade. 
720 from meerkovo march amsent about two messages two support its been about week maybe more still reply this normal meerkovomate could wrong but say theres only couple people involved agora would pay dividends possibly employ some moderators for both the forums and the market. 
720 the longer issues unanswered the less trust have. 
721 very good point axa. 
721 appreciate you adding that. 
721 you have any tuts also feel free post any friend. 
722 from owockeznan may amwhy does the buyer have deposit into the evo wallet first why can not get the address and redeemscript inspect for accuracy before move our coin from boogie may pmalso having your coin the market site for min isnt gonna that much big deal hang. 
722 doesnt that beat the entire purpose multisig have thought the idea multisig not having any coins sent market wallet bro some people would think that big deal. 
722 technically the scope for loss coins from market hack admin heist still exists right just playing the devils advocate here. 
723 from boogie may pmhey hubsters have tons security tutorials that ive collected over time. 
723 nerd and always fan useful guides. 
723 happy share with you collection. 
723 ill keep posting find them computer and when have time. 
723 you have any please toss them. 
723 ill try best reference them can remember encrypting your hard drive with verto owner evolution market introductionif you save anything your computer likely that you not want just anyone able see what you have saved. 
723 you want way protect that information that you can access and absolutely one else except those you trust. 
723 therefore makes sense set system which protects your information and safeguards against prying eyes. 
723 the best such system for this called true crypt. 
723 true crypt encryption software program which allows you store many files and directories inside single file your harddrive. 
723 further this file encrypted and one can actually see what you have saved there unless they know your password. 
723 this sounds extremely high tech but actually very easy set. 
723 org and click downloads. 
723 under latest stable version under windows vista click download. 
723 the file will called true crypt setup. 
723 exe something similar. 
723 run this file. 
723 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
723 check accept and agree bound these license terms. 
723 ensure that install selected and click next. 
723 you will see dialog stating truecrypt has been successfully installed. 
723 click when asked you wish view the tutorial user guide. 
723 click finish this point truecrypt now installed. 
723 now will set truecrypt that can begin using store sensitive information. 
723 click the windows logo start button the lower left corner your screen. 
723 click all programs. 
723 click the truecrypt applicationand now can begin. 
723 click the button create volume. 
723 ensuring that create encrypted file container selected click next. 
723 select hidden truecrypt volume and click next. 
723 ensuring that normal mode selected click next. 
723 click select file note which directory you are your computer. 
723 look the top the dialog that has opened and you will see the path you are most likely the home directory for your username. 
723 input box provided with flashing cursor asking you type file name. 
723 here you will type the following filename random. 
723 txt you may course replace random. 
723 txt with anything you like. 
723 this file going created and will used store many other files inside. 
723 not use filename for file that already exists. 
723 the idea here that you are creating entirely new file. 
723 also recommended though not required that you hide this file somewhere less obvious. 
723 your home directory then someone who has access your computer may find easier. 
723 you can also choose put this file any other media doesn have your hard disk. 
723 you could for example save your truecrypt file usb flash drive card some other media. 
723 once you have typed the file name click save. 
723 make sure never save history checked. 
723 the outer volume screen click next again. 
723 the default encryption algorithm and hash algorithm are fine. 
723 choose file size. 
723 order benefit the most from this guide you should have least gigabytes free disk space. 
723 not then worth for you purchase some form media such removable harddrive large card etc. 
723 truecrypt can used all forms digital media not just your hard disk. 
723 you choose proceed without obtaining least ten gigabytes disk space then select size that you are comfortable with such. 
723 ideally you want choose enough space work with. 
723 remember that you need more space later you can always create additional truecrypt volumes using exactly these same steps. 
723 now you are prompted for password. 
723 this very important. 
723 read this carefullyread this section carefullythe password you choose here decoy password. 
723 that means this the password you would give someone under duress. 
723 suppose that someone suspects that you were accessing sensitive information and they threaten beat you worse you not reveal the password. 
723 this the password that you give them. 
723 when you give someone this password will nearly impossible for them prove that not the right password. 
723 further they cannot even know that there second password. 
723 here are some tips for your password. 
723 choose password you will never forget. 
723 may ten years from now that you need. 
723 make simple like your birthday repeated three times. 
723 make sure seems reasonable that appears real password. 
723 the password something stupid like then they may not believe you. 
723 remember that this password that you would give someone forced. 
723 not your actual password. 
723 not make this password too similar what you plan really use. 
723 you not want someone guess your main password from this one. 
723 and with all this mind choose your password. 
723 when you have typed twice click next. 
723 large files here you are asked whether not you plan store files larger than gigabytes. 
723 choose and click next. 
723 outer volume format here you will notice some random numbers and letters next where says random pool. 
723 ahead and move your mouse around fora bit. 
723 this will increase the randomness and give you better encryption. 
723 after about ten seconds this click format. 
723 depending the file size you selected will take some time finish formatting. 
723 what happening truecrypt creating the file you asked such random. 
723 building file system contained entirely within that one file. 
723 this file system can used store files directories and more. 
723 further encrypting this file system such way that without the right password will impossible for anyone access. 
723 anyone other than you this file will appear just mess random characters. 
723 one will even know that truecrypt volume. 
723 outer volume contents click the button called open outer volume empty folder has opened. 
723 this empty because you have yet put any files into your truecrypt volume. 
723 not put any sensitive content herethis the decoy. 
723 this what someone would see you gave them the password you used the previous step. 
723 this not where you are going store your sensitive data. 
723 you have been forced into situation where you had reveal your password some individual then that individual will see whatever this folder. 
723 you need have data this folder that appears sensitive enough protected truecrypt order fool them. 
723 here are some important tips keep mind. 
723 not use porn. 
723 adult models can sometimes appear underaged and this can cause you incriminate yourself. 
723 not use drawings renderings writings porn. 
723 many jurisdictions these are just illegal photographs. 
723 good choices for what put here include backups documents emails financial documents etc. 
723 once you have placed files into this folder never place any more files the future. 
723 doing may damage your hidden content. 
723 generally you want store innocent data where some individual looking would find cause against you and yet the same time they would understand why you used truecrypt secure that data. 
723 now ahead and find files and store them this folder. 
723 sure that you leave least ten gigabytes free. 
723 the more the better. 
723 when you are all done copying files into this folder close the folder clicking the the top right corner. 
723 prompted that program needs your permission continue click continue. 
723 hidden volume click next. 
723 the default encryption and hash algorithms are fine click next. 
723 hidden volume size the maximum available space indicated bold below the text box. 
723 round down the nearest full unit. 
723 gbis available select. 
723 are available select. 
723 warning dialog comes asking are you sure you wish continue select yes. 
723 hidden volume password important read thishere you are going select the real password. 
723 this the password you will never reveal anyone else under any circumstances. 
723 only you will know. 
723 one will able figure out even know that there second password. 
723 aware that individual intent obtaining your sensitive information may lie you and claim able figure this out. 
723 highly recommended that you choose character password here. 
723 difficult remember character password choose character password and simply repeat times. 
723 date naturally has exactly numbers and significant date your life repeated times would just fine. 
723 type your password twice and click next. 
723 large files select yes and click next. 
723 hidden volume format before move your mouse around for about ten seconds randomly and tehn click format. 
723 prompted program needs your permission continue select continue. 
723 dialog will come telling you that the hidden truecrypt volume has been successfully created. 
723 click exit you have just set encrypted file container your hard drive. 
723 anything you store here will inaccessible anyone except you. 
723 further you have protected this content with two passwords. 
723 one that you will give someone under threat and one that only you will know. 
723 keep your real password well protected and never write down give anyone else for any reason. 
723 now should test both passwords. 
723 testing truecrypt volumesonce you have completed the above section you will back truecrypt. 
723 ahead and follow these steps test the volumes you have made. 
723 click select file. 
723 locate the file you created the last section most likely called random. 
723 txt something similar. 
723 remember that even though there both outer anda hidden volume both volumes are contained single file. 
723 there are not two files only one. 
723 choose drive letter that you are not using anything past probably just fine. 
723 click that for example click highlight. 
723 now you are prompted for password. 
723 read the below carefully the password you provide here will determine which volume mounted the drive letter you specified. 
723 you type your decoy password then will show all the files and directories you copied that you would reveal forced. 
723 you type your real password then will show the files and directories that you never intend anyone see. 
723 after successfully typing your password you will see additional detail the right the drive letter including the full path the file you selected well the kind volume for example hidden. 
723 right click your windows logo start menu icon and scroll down the bottom where you can see your different drive letters. 
723 you will see the drive letter you selected for example local disk. 
723 you selected your decoy password you will see all the files and folders that you moved there during the installation phase. 
723 you selected the real password you will see whatever files and directories you have placed far into the hidden volume any. 
723 you selected your hidden volume password you may now begin moving any sensitive information you wish. 
723 aware that simply moving from your main hard disk not enough. 
723 will discuss how ensure deleted data actually deleted later the guide. 
723 what happening when you select file and mount drive you are telling your computer that you have new drive with files and folders. 
723 the same thing you had plugged usb flash drive removable harddrive card into your computer. 
723 truecrypt causes your computer think that there entirely new disk drive your computer. 
723 you can use this disk drive just was actually usb flash drive. 
723 you can copy files directories and use just you would use usb flash drive. 
723 when you are done simply close all open windows folders applications that are using your truecrypt drive letter and then click dismount from within truecrypt while you have the drive letter highlighted. 
723 this will once again hide all this data accessible only mounting with the correct password. 
723 very important safety true crypt hidden volume mounted someone who has access your computer can access anything that inside that hidden volume. 
723 for example you left your computer running while truecrypt volume was mounted then someone gained access your computer they would able see everything you have that volume. 
723 therefore always remember dismount any truecrypt volume containing any sensitive information when you are not using your computeryou can tell that dismounted because the drive letter inside truecrypt control panel will appear the same all the other drive letters with information the right the drive letter. 
723 you should practice mounting and dismounting few times with both passwords make sure you understand this process. 
723 once you have copied files folders into the hidden volume not touch the files folders the outer volume anymore. 
723 remember that both volumes occupy the same single file and therefore changing the outer volume can damage the hidden volume. 
723 once you have copied files folders into the outer volume during the installation process that the last time you should. 
723 from that point forward use only the hidden volume. 
723 the outer volume exists only decoy you need. 
723 very careful encrypting your laptop with truecrypt full disk encryption unless you want toaster. 
723 some laptops like have bios issues and can not use truecrypt fde. 
723 also you can always just replace the with linux distro that has built fde. 
724 your site seems down. 
725 ill help you all out. 
725 ive seen lot ppl forget there passwords years the. 
725 ill offer secure password protection services. 
725 you send your password and market. 
725 ill double check and confirm. 
725 when you forget just message and ill send you your password. 
725 all information will stored offline. 
725 the account info will checked monthly for your protection. 
725 maybe hacker got you maybe you just forgot tell you changed your info those are the main reasons check. 
725 pin protection also available additional charge. 
725 the first ppl get this exclusive service with deal. 
725 after regular prices will apply. 
725 well worth the coin. 
725 get the password protection for. 
725 btc for months. 
725 and pin protection free for months. 
725 everyone else gets the regular price. 
725 btc per month. 
725 pin protection additional. 
725 btc per month. 
725 never lose your password pin again. 
725 you can trust honest. 
725 jonny appleseed and paul bunion the other side family. 
725 dont miss out. 
725 hurry and one the first get deal. 
726 come you guys. 
726 learn how work. 
726 dance with think back throughout your careers. 
726 how many ppl have forgotten there passwords and pins lots. 
726 how long does take for support help forever. 
726 ill there save you with the quickness. 
726 almost always here the hub. 
726 with low low prices and gift gab cant wrong. 
726 ill have password and pins over accounts. 
726 you trust your marketplace you can trust too should offer secure pgp keys well. 
726 donate alfred maybe hell allow continue unabated like. 
726 hopefully after short period time doctorclu alfred and can get into bed together. 
726 what could possibly wrong. 
727 only available chrome extension with tor support basically worthless atm. 
727 they rushed the alpha placate investors looks like. 
728 say one has comp tower too far from wifi connect ethernet cable. 
728 they then use android phone tether the local wifi wireless hub. 
728 can any private data extracted from phone company even using tor tails and virtualbox. 
729 not sure this dont expect any reward anything but cant you just sell your btc through local bitcoins its anonymous that way youd getting cash for btc and also you can typically charge more per btc than any the other exchanges. 
729 you live particularly small city think you can also accept moneypaks. 
730 from tron april pmwhat you prefer looking for secure wallet and one that will allow for multi sig escrows. 
731 the hub guide for using electrum tails. 
732 from boogie may pmvery good point axa. 
732 appreciate you adding that. 
732 you have any tuts also feel free post any friend problem big fan truecrypt. 
732 bigger fan linux have few tutorials over agora forum posted there because images not allowed here. 
732 html msg guide bitcoin cold storage. 
732 html msg guide buying bitcoin. 
732 html msg guide bitmessage mail gateway. 
732 html msg guide recommended bitcoin wallets. 
732 htmlguide lelantos mail using thunderbird. 
732 html msg guide airvpn over tor. 
733 the pirate market now has multi sig thats right the pirate market now supports multi signiture transactions. 
733 how the multi sig works. 
733 the buyer makes order buyer can only have unaccepted multi sig orders one time. 
733 the vendor can choose cancel accept the order. 
733 accepted the vendor enters his receiving wallet and generated pubkey from. 
733 multisig dont forget keep the private key. 
733 buyer sends the payment given wallet. 
733 enter transaction after payment has more confirmations. 
733 the user can finalize open dispute. 
733 the buyer finalizes the order the bitcoins will sent the vendor. 
733 how the dispute system works. 
733 either the buyer vendor unhappy with the transaction they are able open dispute. 
733 admin then able help resolve the dispute they able come conclusion themselves through the chat the multisig pagewe also added convenient chat box the vendor buyer and admin can resolve the dispute easier. 
733 vesalso because the recent update are willing upgrade any trusted vendor who has proof products sell our market. 
733 you are interested this offer contact mrwhite myself captain flint tpm forums. 
733 note will still keeping escrow and the market new darknet users may find this fairly complicated. 
733 yours trulythe pirate market staffa guide for buyers. 
733 php help buymultisiga guide for vendor. 
733 php help sell. 
734 thanks scroat connected today. 
735 offering bounty for details cashing out btc and similar information. 
735 please pgp for questions will discuss bounty then well. 
736 would great get all these tutorials one thread with index the. 
736 many the security tutorials from srf were reposted the early days srf and can found going the last page the security forum and browsing backwards. 
736 guru had his own index pgp tutorials unfortunately deleted all his posts along with over half the tutorials his index. 
737 pine had few good tutorials too like how install linux and disable the networking open pdfs but think that made much easier tails and whonix today. 
737 someone has good archive srf that can grepped user name topic title look through posts guru nightcrawler loiuscyphre pine bazille comsec astor and kmfkewm. 
738 word thats quite collection you have there axa great shit thanks man. 
739 from boogie may amhonestly this really making mountain out mole hill situation. 
739 need get overwhelmed fellas youre sounding bit too defensive for your own good and the fact that youre attempting downplay genuine operational concern worrisome. 
739 besides straight lets just agree disagree that your half assed attempt implementing multisig does not translate any sort multisig transaction books. 
739 not when you expect make payment market wallet when instead should paying directly generated multisig address. 
739 stated earlier that still leaves ample scope for loss coins due market hack scamming admins. 
740 here are some examples what mean. 
740 some them are threads their own right and would make one consolidated security tutorial thread too long but theyve been lost the dust bin srf. 
740 should repost them here and use sticky index them. 
740 jeks reposted many the old security tutorials. 
740 look through his post history. 
740 php action profile area showposts opsec collection tutorial research info pgp tails whonix data more. 
740 unfortunately many those links are deleted now but some that survive includethe opsec reading list. 
740 lets talk about security. 
740 secure data erasure professional analysis. 
740 forensic analysis tor use. 
740 bazille tutorial encrypted and torified linux virtual machine windows usb. 
740 howto install electrum bitcoin wallet tails liveusb. 
740 astor gpg usb tutorial. 
740 yoda gpg usb tutorial. 
740 msg msg several the good tutorials topics are still stickied srf security forum. 
740 nightcrawler word warning all versions pgp are not created equally. 
740 nightcrawler two factor authentication tfa right. 
740 jolly rogers tutorials for beginners. 
740 unfortunately nightcrawler deleted his account like guru did ncs posts are hard find and like said most gurus over half dozen great pgp tutorials are gone unless someone archived the forum before left. 
740 some people have backups srf. 
740 with enough digging could resurrect dozens the good tutorials from that forum that didnt get reposted srf. 
741 the purpose just ensure you get paid because paying address works like every wallet now its harder pay address than any other. 
741 payment was the only reason let suggest alternative. 
741 when checkout complete you are given few outputs including the and some other tumbler addresses each with the number satoshi required redeemed the outputs that exceeds the amount the purchase fee. 
741 order complete payment you need provide signed with sighash all sighash anyonecanpay that funds the address the proscibed vigorish. 
741 the server than merges this with internally created tumbler and broadcasts the network. 
741 this way you can sure get your funds because they are part the payment and the buyer can sure that their funds the very worst would unspent. 
741 the buyer knows that the site cannot misspent the funds beacuse the way they released them made them conditional the correct amount going the address. 
741 this would allow control escrow funds never the sites hands ensure the site gets paid for all transactions and allows for tumbling mechanism the same time. 
742 alarm bells began ringing when you said youve seen many people forget their passwords even havent managed see myself forget anything yet fail see how you could. 
743 from bob bitchin may amyes the alarm bells are ringing and just reading trolltergeist offer brings back psd flashbacks. 
743 but look his priceses cant afford not. 
743 hey bob bitchin hows going bob bitchin good good. 
743 now theres game show with twist that think the troll hasnt heard. 
744 sslstrips are even more nefarious sites that dont enforce ssl tls like blockchain. 
744 info does its wallet url. 
744 that case you dont get certificate error because the connection simply downgraded http and you must observant that the url bar. 
744 few versions firefox the beginning the url bar would blue for ssl tls connections but now its more subtle simply showing gray lock with the part visible while hidden non encrypted connections. 
744 many people wont notice that when encryption not enforced. 
745 from boogie may pmvery good point axa. 
745 appreciate you adding that. 
745 you have any tuts also feel free post any friend problem big fan truecrypt. 
745 bigger fan linux have few tutorials over agora forum posted there because images not allowed here. 
745 html msg guide bitcoin cold storage. 
745 html msg guide buying bitcoin. 
745 html msg guide bitmessage mail gateway. 
745 html msg guide recommended bitcoin wallets. 
745 htmlguide lelantos mail using thunderbird. 
745 html msg guide airvpn over tor. 
746 agora really nice market. 
746 stay escrow and you will more than likely get some assistance with your situation. 
746 fed could shit out luck and they arent going waste their time with you. 
746 can you blame them. 
747 yes the alarm bells are ringing and just reading trolltergeist offer brings back psd flashbacks. 
747 but look his priceses cant afford not. 
748 from dankbank may pmgood guide you. 
748 ive always heard about tails but never knew really what was until now. 
748 ill doing this very soon thanksget tails now seriously. 
748 its more secure and wraps almost everything you need for darknet activities neat lil. 
749 greetings from the garden come and chill. 
750 from boogie may amhonestly this really making mountain out mole hill situation. 
750 need get overwhelmed fellas youre sounding bit too defensive for your own good and the fact that youre attempting downplay genuine operational concern worrisome. 
750 besides straight lets just agree disagree that your half assed attempt implementing multisig does not translate any sort multisig transaction books. 
750 not when you expect make payment market wallet when instead should paying directly generated multisig address. 
750 stated earlier that still leaves ample scope for loss coins due market hack scamming admins. 
751 the hub guide for using electrum tails. 
752 careful who you trust. 
752 are the same flaxceed years ago are now doing escrow for everyone the fountain male youth flax mesviron mesterolone tablets. 
752 onion mfyzr xekz. 
752 onion mfyzr xekz the size zero pill that sweeping hollywood flax clenbuterol size zero pill mcg. 
752 onion hkka hseou. 
752 onion hkka hseou this will make your cock hard flax kamagra oral jelly. 
752 onion hcbdfn bzu. 
752 onion hcbdfn bzu legendary athleticism flax winstrol stanozolol. 
752 onion dwjydysq great anti estrogen flax anastrozole arimidex. 
752 onion zycuttxazq ultimate cutting steroid tablets flax anavar oxandrolone cutting. 
752 onion ntpnslfqcp most economical drug cocktail for fast weight loss flax clenbuterol stack tablets total size zero pill. 
752 onion xwdlhfr kickstart that cycle flax dbol. 
752 onion pjqulc ntc. 
752 onion pjqulc ntc get your testosterone production back normal just boost flax generic clomid great pct just testosterone booster. 
752 onion bfr dzc. 
752 onion bfr dzc most popular anti estrogen all time flax generic nolvadex anti estrogen pct. 
752 onion xlm qglajm. 
752 onion xlm qglajm kill your appetite and lose weight flax sibutramine reduce kills appetite. 
752 onion our most popular injectable good for all flax testosterone enanthate. 
752 onion qoc qum. 
752 onion qoc qum cycle and post cycle flax hcg pregnyl. 
752 onion out like light flax dormicum midazolam knockout roche switzerland. 
752 onion zrpyu kquq. 
752 onion zrpyu kquq full one milligram accurately dosed best anti anxiety flax generic xanax alprozolam. 
752 onion xaigk doesnt aromatize flax deca durabolin nandrolone decanoate. 
752 onion ideug endurance sports flax equipoise boldenone undecylenate. 
752 onion els zntke. 
752 onion els zntke class its own flax trenbolone. 
752 onion dwpqfgcpu brutally powerful mass builder flax anadrol oxymetholone. 
752 onion narafmw our best selling three pill weight loss stack all time clen and sibutramine flax triple threat weight loss superstack. 
752 onion tdgyk brm. 
752 onion tdgyk brm great strong painkiller flax tramadol. 
752 onion ejlk fyadz. 
752 onion ejlk fyadz does not aromatize gyno steady gains. 
752 flax primo primobolan capsules. 
752 onion kqpqjlr cutting cycle gyno flax masteron propionate. 
752 onion fwrzvu does not aromatize gyno steady gains. 
752 flax primobolan depot. 
752 onion waqur syiw. 
752 onion waqur syiw hard quality muscle flax turinabol. 
752 onion tji zua. 
752 onion tji zua popular for hrt trt flax testosterone cypionate. 
752 onion kat fund. 
752 onion kat fund for those that like blend. 
752 flax testosterone blend sustanon. 
752 onion props very fast acting flax testosterone propionate. 
752 onion uedzbc send message the main site you have any questions flax. 
753 ahh here ill scoot over and make room for. 
753 yeah thats better. 
753 just sink and relax. 
753 the water fine. 
753 anyone got any acid. 
754 ill help you all out. 
754 ive seen lot ppl forget there passwords years the. 
754 ill offer secure password protection services. 
754 you send your password and market. 
754 ill double check and confirm. 
754 when you forget just message and ill send you your password. 
754 all information will stored offline. 
754 the account info will checked monthly for your protection. 
754 maybe hacker got you maybe you just forgot tell you changed your info those are the main reasons check. 
754 pin protection also available additional charge. 
754 the first ppl get this exclusive service with deal. 
754 after regular prices will apply. 
754 well worth the coin. 
754 get the password protection for. 
754 btc for months. 
754 and pin protection free for months. 
754 everyone else gets the regular price. 
754 btc per month. 
754 pin protection additional. 
754 btc per month. 
754 never lose your password pin again. 
754 you can trust honest. 
754 jonny appleseed and paul bunion the other side family. 
754 dont miss out. 
754 hurry and one the first get deal. 
755 come you guys. 
755 learn how work. 
755 dance with think back throughout your careers. 
755 how many ppl have forgotten there passwords and pins lots. 
755 how long does take for support help forever. 
755 ill there save you with the quickness. 
755 almost always here the hub. 
755 with low low prices and gift gab cant wrong. 
755 ill have password and pins over accounts. 
755 you trust your marketplace you can trust too should offer secure pgp keys well. 
755 donate alfred maybe hell allow continue unabated like. 
755 hopefully after short period time doctorclu alfred and can get into bed together. 
755 what could possibly wrong. 
756 careful who you trust. 
756 are the same flaxceed years ago are now doing escrow for everyone the fountain male youth flax mesviron mesterolone tablets. 
756 onion mfyzr xekz. 
756 onion mfyzr xekz the size zero pill that sweeping hollywood flax clenbuterol size zero pill mcg. 
756 onion hkka hseou. 
756 onion hkka hseou this will make your cock hard flax kamagra oral jelly. 
756 onion hcbdfn bzu. 
756 onion hcbdfn bzu legendary athleticism flax winstrol stanozolol. 
756 onion dwjydysq great anti estrogen flax anastrozole arimidex. 
756 onion zycuttxazq ultimate cutting steroid tablets flax anavar oxandrolone cutting. 
756 onion ntpnslfqcp most economical drug cocktail for fast weight loss flax clenbuterol stack tablets total size zero pill. 
756 onion xwdlhfr kickstart that cycle flax dbol. 
756 onion pjqulc ntc. 
756 onion pjqulc ntc get your testosterone production back normal just boost flax generic clomid great pct just testosterone booster. 
756 onion bfr dzc. 
756 onion bfr dzc most popular anti estrogen all time flax generic nolvadex anti estrogen pct. 
756 onion xlm qglajm. 
756 onion xlm qglajm kill your appetite and lose weight flax sibutramine reduce kills appetite. 
756 onion our most popular injectable good for all flax testosterone enanthate. 
756 onion qoc qum. 
756 onion qoc qum cycle and post cycle flax hcg pregnyl. 
756 onion out like light flax dormicum midazolam knockout roche switzerland. 
756 onion zrpyu kquq. 
756 onion zrpyu kquq full one milligram accurately dosed best anti anxiety flax generic xanax alprozolam. 
756 onion xaigk doesnt aromatize flax deca durabolin nandrolone decanoate. 
756 onion ideug endurance sports flax equipoise boldenone undecylenate. 
756 onion els zntke. 
756 onion els zntke class its own flax trenbolone. 
756 onion dwpqfgcpu brutally powerful mass builder flax anadrol oxymetholone. 
756 onion narafmw our best selling three pill weight loss stack all time clen and sibutramine flax triple threat weight loss superstack. 
756 onion tdgyk brm. 
756 onion tdgyk brm great strong painkiller flax tramadol. 
756 onion ejlk fyadz. 
756 onion ejlk fyadz does not aromatize gyno steady gains. 
756 flax primo primobolan capsules. 
756 onion kqpqjlr cutting cycle gyno flax masteron propionate. 
756 onion fwrzvu does not aromatize gyno steady gains. 
756 flax primobolan depot. 
756 onion waqur syiw. 
756 onion waqur syiw hard quality muscle flax turinabol. 
756 onion tji zua. 
756 onion tji zua popular for hrt trt flax testosterone cypionate. 
756 onion kat fund. 
756 onion kat fund for those that like blend. 
756 flax testosterone blend sustanon. 
756 onion props very fast acting flax testosterone propionate. 
756 onion uedzbc send message the main site you have any questions flax. 
757 features multisignature cooperative wallets escrow support stealth payments coinjoin mixing bitcoin anonymity web alpha software not use for any real amount btc until least reaches beta version. 
758 com darknetmarkets comments what the most popular market right now like thank all our current and new users for making one the greatest markets out there. 
758 wouldnt here today were not for you all. 
758 really appreciate you all. 
758 thank you again much love boogie. 
759 sslstrips are even more nefarious sites that dont enforce ssl tls like blockchain. 
759 info does its wallet url. 
759 that case you dont get certificate error because the connection simply downgraded http and you must observant that the url bar. 
759 few versions firefox the beginning the url bar would blue for ssl tls connections but now its more subtle simply showing gray lock with the part visible while hidden non encrypted connections. 
759 many people wont notice that when encryption not enforced. 
760 yes the alarm bells are ringing and just reading trolltergeist offer brings back psd flashbacks. 
760 but look his priceses cant afford not. 
761 would great get all these tutorials one thread with index the. 
761 many the security tutorials from srf were reposted the early days srf and can found going the last page the security forum and browsing backwards. 
761 guru had his own index pgp tutorials unfortunately deleted all his posts along with over half the tutorials his index. 
762 pine had few good tutorials too like how install linux and disable the networking open pdfs but think that made much easier tails and whonix today. 
762 someone has good archive srf that can grepped user name topic title look through posts guru nightcrawler loiuscyphre pine bazille comsec astor and kmfkewm. 
763 word thats quite collection you have there axa great shit thanks man. 
764 here are some examples what mean. 
764 some them are threads their own right and would make one consolidated security tutorial thread too long but theyve been lost the dust bin srf. 
764 should repost them here and use sticky index them. 
764 jeks reposted many the old security tutorials. 
764 look through his post history. 
764 php action profile area showposts opsec collection tutorial research info pgp tails whonix data more. 
764 unfortunately many those links are deleted now but some that survive includethe opsec reading list. 
764 lets talk about security. 
764 secure data erasure professional analysis. 
764 forensic analysis tor use. 
764 bazille tutorial encrypted and torified linux virtual machine windows usb. 
764 howto install electrum bitcoin wallet tails liveusb. 
764 astor gpg usb tutorial. 
764 yoda gpg usb tutorial. 
764 msg msg several the good tutorials topics are still stickied srf security forum. 
764 nightcrawler word warning all versions pgp are not created equally. 
764 nightcrawler two factor authentication tfa right. 
764 jolly rogers tutorials for beginners. 
764 unfortunately nightcrawler deleted his account like guru did ncs posts are hard find and like said most gurus over half dozen great pgp tutorials are gone unless someone archived the forum before left. 
764 some people have backups srf. 
764 with enough digging could resurrect dozens the good tutorials from that forum that didnt get reposted srf. 
765 your site seems down. 
766 say one has comp tower too far from wifi connect ethernet cable. 
766 they then use android phone tether the local wifi wireless hub. 
766 can any private data extracted from phone company even using tor tails and virtualbox. 
767 from tron april pmwhat you prefer looking for secure wallet and one that will allow for multi sig escrows. 
768 agora really nice market. 
768 stay escrow and you will more than likely get some assistance with your situation. 
768 fed could shit out luck and they arent going waste their time with you. 
768 can you blame them. 
769 the purpose just ensure you get paid because paying address works like every wallet now its harder pay address than any other. 
769 payment was the only reason let suggest alternative. 
769 when checkout complete you are given few outputs including the and some other tumbler addresses each with the number satoshi required redeemed the outputs that exceeds the amount the purchase fee. 
769 order complete payment you need provide signed with sighash all sighash anyonecanpay that funds the address the proscibed vigorish. 
769 the server than merges this with internally created tumbler and broadcasts the network. 
769 this way you can sure get your funds because they are part the payment and the buyer can sure that their funds the very worst would unspent. 
769 the buyer knows that the site cannot misspent the funds beacuse the way they released them made them conditional the correct amount going the address. 
769 this would allow control escrow funds never the sites hands ensure the site gets paid for all transactions and allows for tumbling mechanism the same time. 
770 from checking may pmyoure sounding bit too defensive for your own good and the fact that youre attempting downplay genuine operational concern worrisome. 
770 besides straight lets just agree disagree that your half assed attempt implementing multisig does not translate any sort multisig transaction books. 
770 not when you expect make payment market wallet when instead should paying directly generated multisig address. 
770 stated earlier that still leaves ample scope for loss coins due market hack scamming admins. 
770 imho really find this mountain out mole hill situation. 
770 personally find worrisome that you are freaking out over something minute coin being the market for min order for multi sig much more user friendly. 
770 give break friend the majority people are more then happy with this setup. 
770 personally dont see any hacking ripping off the future and you really have issue with this setup then you are more then welcome not use. 
770 everyone titled their opinion and respect that. 
770 what not respect are pretentious douche bags flaming thread because they dont are unwilling understand our reason for structuring our multi sig this manner. 
770 unless you have something constructive and professional say then please leave you are doing one any favors attacking martkets escrow method because you not agree with. 
770 thank you kindly. 
771 from inthefuture may pmquote from checking may pmquote from boogie may amhonestly this really making mountain out mole hill situation. 
771 need get overwhelmed fellas youre sounding bit too defensive for your own good and the fact that youre attempting downplay genuine operational concern worrisome. 
771 besides straight lets just agree disagree that your half assed attempt implementing multisig does not translate any sort multisig transaction books. 
771 not when you expect make payment market wallet when instead should paying directly generated multisig address. 
771 stated earlier that still leaves ample scope for loss coins due market hack scamming admins. 
771 and youre being too offensive. 
771 you have made some incredible accusations this forum before but this does nothing except spread fud. 
771 multi sig implementation perfect not even tmps all multi sig protection lost when rogue market decides lock out all the vendors and begins accepting new multi sig orders using their accounts. 
771 there not ample scope for loss coins with evolutions setup you are exaggerating but there scope. 
771 the duration between moving the coins the evolution wallet and then the multi sig provides short opportunity for them stolen hacked but this contrasts with traditional escrow where the coins are vulnerable for the entire duration the payment shipping and delivery. 
771 you are complaining about their implementation but you would probably never have made purchase through their website anyway. 
771 having implementation that user friendly important otherwise the multi sig function quite simply wont even used. 
771 that all being said the coins should ideally not moved through centralized wallets. 
771 thank you for your kind words the future that very sweet you state that. 
771 people are just here nothing more but cause trouble and really appreciate what you have say. 
772 here fellas would like what our admin had say regarding the multi sig. 
772 honestly this really making mountain out mole hill situation. 
772 need get overwhelmed fellas from kimblehi name kimble and one the owners evolution. 
772 like take the time address few your concerns. 
772 lets start with the fact that yes you indeed have deposit funds into our site wallet before you can place multi sig order. 
772 opted for this solution reduces the complexity for buyers less prone mistakes and fair enough also guarantees that commission fees can collected. 
772 you might think half assed but the truth that think that this solution offers very much all the protection multisig without making needlessly complicated. 
772 sure youll agree that doing can actually persuade more people adopt instead scaring them off with page long tutorials how use. 
772 upon placing the order transfer funds from our site wallet multisig address that generated using your the vendors and evo public key. 
772 you can verify these keys the order details page. 
772 you will shown all the keys used generate the address you can verify the authenticity the multisig address and also provide you with the bitcoind command make easy. 
772 suppose there valid concern for having send funds our site wallet first but deposits are usually processed within minutes this riskiness reduced relatively small time frame. 
772 and regarding the redeemscript. 
772 from kimblethe redeemscript can found the order details page. 
772 really hope this answers anyones concerns and questions. 
772 other marketplaces exist with the same set just wish make user friendly possible while still containing the same features multi sig. 
772 plus still want keep traditional escrow board everyone may choose their own preference. 
772 really hope this clears the air for everyone take care boogie. 
773 from dankbank may pmgood guide you. 
773 ive always heard about tails but never knew really what was until now. 
773 ill doing this very soon thanksget tails now seriously. 
773 its more secure and wraps almost everything you need for darknet activities neat lil. 
774 say one has comp tower too far from wifi connect ethernet cable. 
774 they then use android phone tether the local wifi wireless hub. 
774 can any private data extracted from phone company even using tor tails and virtualbox. 
775 dark wallet basically bitcoin wallet with built features like coin mixing and other attributes that help with anonimity. 
775 seems like lot big name programmers that follow the blond wig ideology are working this wallet and also what believe marketplace called the dark market. 
775 its cool how much progress has been made with this tech. 
775 and yes the concept the knight faith big interest especially that requires total willingness accept the divine absurd despite reality. 
775 think that this mindset similar schizophrenia psychosis way. 
775 still have lot more learn and glad someone caught the reference. 
776 glad part this community anyone here have any insight how darkwallet coming along know its still alpha but was curious anyone here using and your opinion. 
776 seems like well thought out wallet and the people working seem know their shit. 
777 the hub guide for using electrum tails. 
778 careful who you trust. 
778 are the same flaxceed years ago are now doing escrow for everyone the fountain male youth flax mesviron mesterolone tablets. 
778 onion mfyzr xekz. 
778 onion mfyzr xekz the size zero pill that sweeping hollywood flax clenbuterol size zero pill mcg. 
778 onion hkka hseou. 
778 onion hkka hseou this will make your cock hard flax kamagra oral jelly. 
778 onion hcbdfn bzu. 
778 onion hcbdfn bzu legendary athleticism flax winstrol stanozolol. 
778 onion dwjydysq great anti estrogen flax anastrozole arimidex. 
778 onion zycuttxazq ultimate cutting steroid tablets flax anavar oxandrolone cutting. 
778 onion ntpnslfqcp most economical drug cocktail for fast weight loss flax clenbuterol stack tablets total size zero pill. 
778 onion xwdlhfr kickstart that cycle flax dbol. 
778 onion pjqulc ntc. 
778 onion pjqulc ntc get your testosterone production back normal just boost flax generic clomid great pct just testosterone booster. 
778 onion bfr dzc. 
778 onion bfr dzc most popular anti estrogen all time flax generic nolvadex anti estrogen pct. 
778 onion xlm qglajm. 
778 onion xlm qglajm kill your appetite and lose weight flax sibutramine reduce kills appetite. 
778 onion our most popular injectable good for all flax testosterone enanthate. 
778 onion qoc qum. 
778 onion qoc qum cycle and post cycle flax hcg pregnyl. 
778 onion out like light flax dormicum midazolam knockout roche switzerland. 
778 onion zrpyu kquq. 
778 onion zrpyu kquq full one milligram accurately dosed best anti anxiety flax generic xanax alprozolam. 
778 onion xaigk doesnt aromatize flax deca durabolin nandrolone decanoate. 
778 onion ideug endurance sports flax equipoise boldenone undecylenate. 
778 onion els zntke. 
778 onion els zntke class its own flax trenbolone. 
778 onion dwpqfgcpu brutally powerful mass builder flax anadrol oxymetholone. 
778 onion narafmw our best selling three pill weight loss stack all time clen and sibutramine flax triple threat weight loss superstack. 
778 onion tdgyk brm. 
778 onion tdgyk brm great strong painkiller flax tramadol. 
778 onion ejlk fyadz. 
778 onion ejlk fyadz does not aromatize gyno steady gains. 
778 flax primo primobolan capsules. 
778 onion kqpqjlr cutting cycle gyno flax masteron propionate. 
778 onion fwrzvu does not aromatize gyno steady gains. 
778 flax primobolan depot. 
778 onion waqur syiw. 
778 onion waqur syiw hard quality muscle flax turinabol. 
778 onion tji zua. 
778 onion tji zua popular for hrt trt flax testosterone cypionate. 
778 onion kat fund. 
778 onion kat fund for those that like blend. 
778 flax testosterone blend sustanon. 
778 onion props very fast acting flax testosterone propionate. 
778 onion uedzbc send message the main site you have any questions flax. 
779 offering bounty for details cashing out btc and similar information. 
779 please pgp for questions will discuss bounty then well. 
780 thanks scroat connected today. 
781 agora really nice market. 
781 stay escrow and you will more than likely get some assistance with your situation. 
781 fed could shit out luck and they arent going waste their time with you. 
781 can you blame them. 
782 yes the alarm bells are ringing and just reading trolltergeist offer brings back psd flashbacks. 
782 but look his priceses cant afford not. 
783 features multisignature cooperative wallets escrow support stealth payments coinjoin mixing bitcoin anonymity web alpha software not use for any real amount btc until least reaches beta version. 
784 sslstrips are even more nefarious sites that dont enforce ssl tls like blockchain. 
784 info does its wallet url. 
784 that case you dont get certificate error because the connection simply downgraded http and you must observant that the url bar. 
784 few versions firefox the beginning the url bar would blue for ssl tls connections but now its more subtle simply showing gray lock with the part visible while hidden non encrypted connections. 
784 many people wont notice that when encryption not enforced. 
785 from dankbank may pmgood guide you. 
785 ive always heard about tails but never knew really what was until now. 
785 ill doing this very soon thanksget tails now seriously. 
785 its more secure and wraps almost everything you need for darknet activities neat lil. 
786 here fellas would like what our admin had say regarding the multi sig. 
786 honestly this really making mountain out mole hill situation. 
786 need get overwhelmed fellas from kimblehi name kimble and one the owners evolution. 
786 like take the time address few your concerns. 
786 lets start with the fact that yes you indeed have deposit funds into our site wallet before you can place multi sig order. 
786 opted for this solution reduces the complexity for buyers less prone mistakes and fair enough also guarantees that commission fees can collected. 
786 you might think half assed but the truth that think that this solution offers very much all the protection multisig without making needlessly complicated. 
786 sure youll agree that doing can actually persuade more people adopt instead scaring them off with page long tutorials how use. 
786 upon placing the order transfer funds from our site wallet multisig address that generated using your the vendors and evo public key. 
786 you can verify these keys the order details page. 
786 you will shown all the keys used generate the address you can verify the authenticity the multisig address and also provide you with the bitcoind command make easy. 
786 suppose there valid concern for having send funds our site wallet first but deposits are usually processed within minutes this riskiness reduced relatively small time frame. 
786 and regarding the redeemscript. 
786 from kimblethe redeemscript can found the order details page. 
786 really hope this answers anyones concerns and questions. 
786 other marketplaces exist with the same set just wish make user friendly possible while still containing the same features multi sig. 
786 plus still want keep traditional escrow board everyone may choose their own preference. 
786 really hope this clears the air for everyone take care boogie. 
787 from inthefuture may pmquote from checking may pmquote from boogie may amhonestly this really making mountain out mole hill situation. 
787 need get overwhelmed fellas youre sounding bit too defensive for your own good and the fact that youre attempting downplay genuine operational concern worrisome. 
787 besides straight lets just agree disagree that your half assed attempt implementing multisig does not translate any sort multisig transaction books. 
787 not when you expect make payment market wallet when instead should paying directly generated multisig address. 
787 stated earlier that still leaves ample scope for loss coins due market hack scamming admins. 
787 and youre being too offensive. 
787 you have made some incredible accusations this forum before but this does nothing except spread fud. 
787 multi sig implementation perfect not even tmps all multi sig protection lost when rogue market decides lock out all the vendors and begins accepting new multi sig orders using their accounts. 
787 there not ample scope for loss coins with evolutions setup you are exaggerating but there scope. 
787 the duration between moving the coins the evolution wallet and then the multi sig provides short opportunity for them stolen hacked but this contrasts with traditional escrow where the coins are vulnerable for the entire duration the payment shipping and delivery. 
787 you are complaining about their implementation but you would probably never have made purchase through their website anyway. 
787 having implementation that user friendly important otherwise the multi sig function quite simply wont even used. 
787 that all being said the coins should ideally not moved through centralized wallets. 
787 thank you for your kind words the future that very sweet you state that. 
787 people are just here nothing more but cause trouble and really appreciate what you have say. 
788 from checking may pmyoure sounding bit too defensive for your own good and the fact that youre attempting downplay genuine operational concern worrisome. 
788 besides straight lets just agree disagree that your half assed attempt implementing multisig does not translate any sort multisig transaction books. 
788 not when you expect make payment market wallet when instead should paying directly generated multisig address. 
788 stated earlier that still leaves ample scope for loss coins due market hack scamming admins. 
788 imho really find this mountain out mole hill situation. 
788 personally find worrisome that you are freaking out over something minute coin being the market for min order for multi sig much more user friendly. 
788 give break friend the majority people are more then happy with this setup. 
788 personally dont see any hacking ripping off the future and you really have issue with this setup then you are more then welcome not use. 
788 everyone titled their opinion and respect that. 
788 what not respect are pretentious douche bags flaming thread because they dont are unwilling understand our reason for structuring our multi sig this manner. 
788 unless you have something constructive and professional say then please leave you are doing one any favors attacking martkets escrow method because you not agree with. 
788 thank you kindly. 
789 com darknetmarkets comments what the most popular market right now like thank all our current and new users for making one the greatest markets out there. 
789 wouldnt here today were not for you all. 
789 really appreciate you all. 
789 thank you again much love boogie. 
790 agora really nice market. 
790 stay escrow and you will more than likely get some assistance with your situation. 
790 fed could shit out luck and they arent going waste their time with you. 
790 can you blame them. 
791 features multisignature cooperative wallets escrow support stealth payments coinjoin mixing bitcoin anonymity web alpha software not use for any real amount btc until least reaches beta version. 
792 careful who you trust. 
792 are the same flaxceed years ago are now doing escrow for everyone the fountain male youth flax mesviron mesterolone tablets. 
792 onion mfyzr xekz. 
792 onion mfyzr xekz the size zero pill that sweeping hollywood flax clenbuterol size zero pill mcg. 
792 onion hkka hseou. 
792 onion hkka hseou this will make your cock hard flax kamagra oral jelly. 
792 onion hcbdfn bzu. 
792 onion hcbdfn bzu legendary athleticism flax winstrol stanozolol. 
792 onion dwjydysq great anti estrogen flax anastrozole arimidex. 
792 onion zycuttxazq ultimate cutting steroid tablets flax anavar oxandrolone cutting. 
792 onion ntpnslfqcp most economical drug cocktail for fast weight loss flax clenbuterol stack tablets total size zero pill. 
792 onion xwdlhfr kickstart that cycle flax dbol. 
792 onion pjqulc ntc. 
792 onion pjqulc ntc get your testosterone production back normal just boost flax generic clomid great pct just testosterone booster. 
792 onion bfr dzc. 
792 onion bfr dzc most popular anti estrogen all time flax generic nolvadex anti estrogen pct. 
792 onion xlm qglajm. 
792 onion xlm qglajm kill your appetite and lose weight flax sibutramine reduce kills appetite. 
792 onion our most popular injectable good for all flax testosterone enanthate. 
792 onion qoc qum. 
792 onion qoc qum cycle and post cycle flax hcg pregnyl. 
792 onion out like light flax dormicum midazolam knockout roche switzerland. 
792 onion zrpyu kquq. 
792 onion zrpyu kquq full one milligram accurately dosed best anti anxiety flax generic xanax alprozolam. 
792 onion xaigk doesnt aromatize flax deca durabolin nandrolone decanoate. 
792 onion ideug endurance sports flax equipoise boldenone undecylenate. 
792 onion els zntke. 
792 onion els zntke class its own flax trenbolone. 
792 onion dwpqfgcpu brutally powerful mass builder flax anadrol oxymetholone. 
792 onion narafmw our best selling three pill weight loss stack all time clen and sibutramine flax triple threat weight loss superstack. 
792 onion tdgyk brm. 
792 onion tdgyk brm great strong painkiller flax tramadol. 
792 onion ejlk fyadz. 
792 onion ejlk fyadz does not aromatize gyno steady gains. 
792 flax primo primobolan capsules. 
792 onion kqpqjlr cutting cycle gyno flax masteron propionate. 
792 onion fwrzvu does not aromatize gyno steady gains. 
792 flax primobolan depot. 
792 onion waqur syiw. 
792 onion waqur syiw hard quality muscle flax turinabol. 
792 onion tji zua. 
792 onion tji zua popular for hrt trt flax testosterone cypionate. 
792 onion kat fund. 
792 onion kat fund for those that like blend. 
792 flax testosterone blend sustanon. 
792 onion props very fast acting flax testosterone propionate. 
792 onion uedzbc send message the main site you have any questions flax. 
793 yes the alarm bells are ringing and just reading trolltergeist offer brings back psd flashbacks. 
793 but look his priceses cant afford not. 
794 your site seems down. 
795 ill help you all out. 
795 ive seen lot ppl forget there passwords years the. 
795 ill offer secure password protection services. 
795 you send your password and market. 
795 ill double check and confirm. 
795 when you forget just message and ill send you your password. 
795 all information will stored offline. 
795 the account info will checked monthly for your protection. 
795 maybe hacker got you maybe you just forgot tell you changed your info those are the main reasons check. 
795 pin protection also available additional charge. 
795 the first ppl get this exclusive service with deal. 
795 after regular prices will apply. 
795 well worth the coin. 
795 get the password protection for. 
795 btc for months. 
795 and pin protection free for months. 
795 everyone else gets the regular price. 
795 btc per month. 
795 pin protection additional. 
795 btc per month. 
795 never lose your password pin again. 
795 you can trust honest. 
795 jonny appleseed and paul bunion the other side family. 
795 dont miss out. 
795 hurry and one the first get deal. 
796 come you guys. 
796 learn how work. 
796 dance with think back throughout your careers. 
796 how many ppl have forgotten there passwords and pins lots. 
796 how long does take for support help forever. 
796 ill there save you with the quickness. 
796 almost always here the hub. 
796 with low low prices and gift gab cant wrong. 
796 ill have password and pins over accounts. 
796 you trust your marketplace you can trust too should offer secure pgp keys well. 
796 donate alfred maybe hell allow continue unabated like. 
796 hopefully after short period time doctorclu alfred and can get into bed together. 
796 what could possibly wrong. 
797 only available chrome extension with tor support basically worthless atm. 
797 they rushed the alpha placate investors looks like. 
798 say one has comp tower too far from wifi connect ethernet cable. 
798 they then use android phone tether the local wifi wireless hub. 
798 can any private data extracted from phone company even using tor tails and virtualbox. 
799 not sure this dont expect any reward anything but cant you just sell your btc through local bitcoins its anonymous that way youd getting cash for btc and also you can typically charge more per btc than any the other exchanges. 
799 you live particularly small city think you can also accept moneypaks. 
800 alarm bells began ringing when you said youve seen many people forget their passwords even havent managed see myself forget anything yet fail see how you could. 
801 from bob bitchin may amyes the alarm bells are ringing and just reading trolltergeist offer brings back psd flashbacks. 
801 but look his priceses cant afford not. 
801 hey bob bitchin hows going bob bitchin good good. 
801 now theres game show with twist that think the troll hasnt heard. 
802 only available chrome extension with tor support basically worthless atm. 
802 they rushed the alpha placate investors looks like. 
803 from boogie may pmvery good point axa. 
803 appreciate you adding that. 
803 you have any tuts also feel free post any friend problem big fan truecrypt. 
803 bigger fan linux have few tutorials over agora forum posted there because images not allowed here. 
803 html msg guide bitcoin cold storage. 
803 html msg guide buying bitcoin. 
803 html msg guide bitmessage mail gateway. 
803 html msg guide recommended bitcoin wallets. 
803 htmlguide lelantos mail using thunderbird. 
803 html msg guide airvpn over tor. 
804 ill help you all out. 
804 ive seen lot ppl forget there passwords years the. 
804 ill offer secure password protection services. 
804 you send your password and market. 
804 ill double check and confirm. 
804 when you forget just message and ill send you your password. 
804 all information will stored offline. 
804 the account info will checked monthly for your protection. 
804 maybe hacker got you maybe you just forgot tell you changed your info those are the main reasons check. 
804 pin protection also available additional charge. 
804 the first ppl get this exclusive service with deal. 
804 after regular prices will apply. 
804 well worth the coin. 
804 get the password protection for. 
804 btc for months. 
804 and pin protection free for months. 
804 everyone else gets the regular price. 
804 btc per month. 
804 pin protection additional. 
804 btc per month. 
804 never lose your password pin again. 
804 you can trust honest. 
804 jonny appleseed and paul bunion the other side family. 
804 dont miss out. 
804 hurry and one the first get deal. 
805 come you guys. 
805 learn how work. 
805 dance with think back throughout your careers. 
805 how many ppl have forgotten there passwords and pins lots. 
805 how long does take for support help forever. 
805 ill there save you with the quickness. 
805 almost always here the hub. 
805 with low low prices and gift gab cant wrong. 
805 ill have password and pins over accounts. 
805 you trust your marketplace you can trust too should offer secure pgp keys well. 
805 donate alfred maybe hell allow continue unabated like. 
805 hopefully after short period time doctorclu alfred and can get into bed together. 
805 what could possibly wrong. 
806 glad part this community anyone here have any insight how darkwallet coming along know it's still alpha but was curious anyone here using and your opinion. 
806 seems like well thought out wallet and the people working seem know their shit. 
807 dark wallet basically bitcoin wallet with built features like coin mixing and other attributes that help with anonimity. 
807 seems like lot big name programmers that follow the bitcoin ideology are working this wallet and also what believe marketplace called the dark market. 
807 it's cool how much progress has been made with this tech. 
807 and yes the concept the knight faith big interest especially that requires total willingness accept the divine absurd despite reality. 
807 think that this mindset similar schizophrenia psychosis way. 
807 still have lot more learn and glad someone caught the reference. 
808 the hub guide for using electrum tails. 
809 greetings from the garden come and chill. 
810 thanks scroat connected today. 
811 from may pmahh here i'll scoot over and make room for. 
811 yeah that's better. 
811 just sink and relax. 
811 the water fine. 
811 anyone got any acid. 
811 umm thats not water your. 
812 hello not too much goin here just loving life gettin. 
813 from edwardharry may pmhw all and whats groovy welcome the garden. 
814 myself have not heard dark wallet. 
814 but real question about your username. 
814 are you referring the philosopher with the name knight faith. 
815 offering bounty for details cashing out btc and similar information. 
815 please pgp for questions will discuss bounty then well. 
816 not sure this don't expect any reward anything but can't you just sell your btc through local bitcoins it's anonymous that way you'd getting cash for btc and also you can typically charge more per btc than any the other exchanges. 
816 you live particularly small city think you can also accept moneypaks. 
817 ahh here i'll scoot over and make room for. 
817 yeah that's better. 
817 just sink and relax. 
817 the water fine. 
817 anyone got any acid. 
818 from boogie may amhonestly this really making mountain out mole hill situation. 
818 need get overwhelmed fellas youre sounding bit too defensive for your own good and the fact that youre attempting downplay genuine operational concern worrisome. 
818 besides straight lets just agree disagree that your half assed attempt implementing multisig does not translate any sort multisig transaction books. 
818 not when you expect make payment market wallet when instead should paying directly generated multisig address. 
818 stated earlier that still leaves ample scope for loss coins due market hack scamming admins. 
819 features multisignature cooperative wallets escrow support stealth payments coinjoin mixing bitcoin anonymity web alpha software not use for any real amount btc until least reaches beta version. 
820 com darknetmarkets comments what the most popular market right now like thank all our current and new users for making one the greatest markets out there. 
820 wouldnt here today were not for you all. 
820 really appreciate you all. 
820 thank you again much love boogie. 
821 sslstrips are even more nefarious sites that dont enforce ssl tls like blockchain. 
821 info does its wallet url. 
821 that case you dont get certificate error because the connection simply downgraded http and you must observant that the url bar. 
821 few versions firefox the beginning the url bar would blue for ssl tls connections but now its more subtle simply showing gray lock with the part visible while hidden non encrypted connections. 
821 many people wont notice that when encryption not enforced. 
822 yes the alarm bells are ringing and just reading trolltergeist offer brings back psd flashbacks. 
822 but look his priceses cant afford not. 
823 would great get all these tutorials one thread with index the. 
823 many the security tutorials from srf were reposted the early days srf and can found going the last page the security forum and browsing backwards. 
823 guru had his own index pgp tutorials unfortunately deleted all his posts along with over half the tutorials his index. 
824 pine had few good tutorials too like how install linux and disable the networking open pdfs but think that made much easier tails and whonix today. 
824 someone has good archive srf that can grepped user name topic title look through posts guru nightcrawler loiuscyphre pine bazille comsec astor and kmfkewm. 
825 word thats quite collection you have there axa great shit thanks man. 
826 here are some examples what mean. 
826 some them are threads their own right and would make one consolidated security tutorial thread too long but theyve been lost the dust bin srf. 
826 should repost them here and use sticky index them. 
826 jeks reposted many the old security tutorials. 
826 look through his post history. 
826 php action profile area showposts opsec collection tutorial research info pgp tails whonix data more. 
826 unfortunately many those links are deleted now but some that survive includethe opsec reading list. 
826 lets talk about security. 
826 secure data erasure professional analysis. 
826 forensic analysis tor use. 
826 bazille tutorial encrypted and torified linux virtual machine windows usb. 
826 howto install electrum bitcoin wallet tails liveusb. 
826 astor gpg usb tutorial. 
826 yoda gpg usb tutorial. 
826 msg msg several the good tutorials topics are still stickied srf security forum. 
826 nightcrawler word warning all versions pgp are not created equally. 
826 nightcrawler two factor authentication tfa right. 
826 jolly rogers tutorials for beginners. 
826 unfortunately nightcrawler deleted his account like guru did ncs posts are hard find and like said most gurus over half dozen great pgp tutorials are gone unless someone archived the forum before left. 
826 some people have backups srf. 
826 with enough digging could resurrect dozens the good tutorials from that forum that didnt get reposted srf. 
827 your site seems down. 
828 say one has comp tower too far from wifi connect ethernet cable. 
828 they then use android phone tether the local wifi wireless hub. 
828 can any private data extracted from phone company even using tor tails and virtualbox. 
829 from tron april pmwhat you prefer looking for secure wallet and one that will allow for multi sig escrows. 
830 agora really nice market. 
830 stay escrow and you will more than likely get some assistance with your situation. 
830 fed could shit out luck and they arent going waste their time with you. 
830 can you blame them. 
831 the purpose just ensure you get paid because paying address works like every wallet now its harder pay address than any other. 
831 payment was the only reason let suggest alternative. 
831 when checkout complete you are given few outputs including the and some other tumbler addresses each with the number satoshi required redeemed the outputs that exceeds the amount the purchase fee. 
831 order complete payment you need provide signed with sighash all sighash anyonecanpay that funds the address the proscibed vigorish. 
831 the server than merges this with internally created tumbler and broadcasts the network. 
831 this way you can sure get your funds because they are part the payment and the buyer can sure that their funds the very worst would unspent. 
831 the buyer knows that the site cannot misspent the funds beacuse the way they released them made them conditional the correct amount going the address. 
831 this would allow control escrow funds never the sites hands ensure the site gets paid for all transactions and allows for tumbling mechanism the same time. 
832 from checking may pmyoure sounding bit too defensive for your own good and the fact that youre attempting downplay genuine operational concern worrisome. 
832 besides straight lets just agree disagree that your half assed attempt implementing multisig does not translate any sort multisig transaction books. 
832 not when you expect make payment market wallet when instead should paying directly generated multisig address. 
832 stated earlier that still leaves ample scope for loss coins due market hack scamming admins. 
832 imho really find this mountain out mole hill situation. 
832 personally find worrisome that you are freaking out over something minute coin being the market for min order for multi sig much more user friendly. 
832 give break friend the majority people are more then happy with this setup. 
832 personally dont see any hacking ripping off the future and you really have issue with this setup then you are more then welcome not use. 
832 everyone titled their opinion and respect that. 
832 what not respect are pretentious douche bags flaming thread because they dont are unwilling understand our reason for structuring our multi sig this manner. 
832 unless you have something constructive and professional say then please leave you are doing one any favors attacking martkets escrow method because you not agree with. 
832 thank you kindly. 
833 from inthefuture may pmquote from checking may pmquote from boogie may amhonestly this really making mountain out mole hill situation. 
833 need get overwhelmed fellas youre sounding bit too defensive for your own good and the fact that youre attempting downplay genuine operational concern worrisome. 
833 besides straight lets just agree disagree that your half assed attempt implementing multisig does not translate any sort multisig transaction books. 
833 not when you expect make payment market wallet when instead should paying directly generated multisig address. 
833 stated earlier that still leaves ample scope for loss coins due market hack scamming admins. 
833 and youre being too offensive. 
833 you have made some incredible accusations this forum before but this does nothing except spread fud. 
833 multi sig implementation perfect not even tmps all multi sig protection lost when rogue market decides lock out all the vendors and begins accepting new multi sig orders using their accounts. 
833 there not ample scope for loss coins with evolutions setup you are exaggerating but there scope. 
833 the duration between moving the coins the evolution wallet and then the multi sig provides short opportunity for them stolen hacked but this contrasts with traditional escrow where the coins are vulnerable for the entire duration the payment shipping and delivery. 
833 you are complaining about their implementation but you would probably never have made purchase through their website anyway. 
833 having implementation that user friendly important otherwise the multi sig function quite simply wont even used. 
833 that all being said the coins should ideally not moved through centralized wallets. 
833 thank you for your kind words the future that very sweet you state that. 
833 people are just here nothing more but cause trouble and really appreciate what you have say. 
834 here fellas would like what our admin had say regarding the multi sig. 
834 honestly this really making mountain out mole hill situation. 
834 need get overwhelmed fellas from kimblehi name kimble and one the owners evolution. 
834 like take the time address few your concerns. 
834 lets start with the fact that yes you indeed have deposit funds into our site wallet before you can place multi sig order. 
834 opted for this solution reduces the complexity for buyers less prone mistakes and fair enough also guarantees that commission fees can collected. 
834 you might think half assed but the truth that think that this solution offers very much all the protection multisig without making needlessly complicated. 
834 sure youll agree that doing can actually persuade more people adopt instead scaring them off with page long tutorials how use. 
834 upon placing the order transfer funds from our site wallet multisig address that generated using your the vendors and evo public key. 
834 you can verify these keys the order details page. 
834 you will shown all the keys used generate the address you can verify the authenticity the multisig address and also provide you with the bitcoind command make easy. 
834 suppose there valid concern for having send funds our site wallet first but deposits are usually processed within minutes this riskiness reduced relatively small time frame. 
834 and regarding the redeemscript. 
834 from kimblethe redeemscript can found the order details page. 
834 really hope this answers anyones concerns and questions. 
834 other marketplaces exist with the same set just wish make user friendly possible while still containing the same features multi sig. 
834 plus still want keep traditional escrow board everyone may choose their own preference. 
834 really hope this clears the air for everyone take care boogie. 
835 from boogie may amhonestly this really making mountain out mole hill situation. 
835 need get overwhelmed fellas youre sounding bit too defensive for your own good and the fact that youre attempting downplay genuine operational concern worrisome. 
835 besides straight lets just agree disagree that your half assed attempt implementing multisig does not translate any sort multisig transaction books. 
835 not when you expect make payment market wallet when instead should paying directly generated multisig address. 
835 stated earlier that still leaves ample scope for loss coins due market hack scamming admins. 
836 the pirate market now has multi sig thats right the pirate market now supports multi signiture transactions. 
836 how the multi sig works. 
836 the buyer makes order buyer can only have unaccepted multi sig orders one time. 
836 the vendor can choose cancel accept the order. 
836 accepted the vendor enters his receiving wallet and generated pubkey from. 
836 multisig dont forget keep the private key. 
836 buyer sends the payment given wallet. 
836 enter transaction after payment has more confirmations. 
836 the user can finalize open dispute. 
836 the buyer finalizes the order the bitcoins will sent the vendor. 
836 how the dispute system works. 
836 either the buyer vendor unhappy with the transaction they are able open dispute. 
836 admin then able help resolve the dispute they able come conclusion themselves through the chat the multisig pagewe also added convenient chat box the vendor buyer and admin can resolve the dispute easier. 
836 vesalso because the recent update are willing upgrade any trusted vendor who has proof products sell our market. 
836 you are interested this offer contact mrwhite myself captain flint tpm forums. 
836 note will still keeping escrow and the market new darknet users may find this fairly complicated. 
836 yours trulythe pirate market staffa guide for buyers. 
836 php help buymultisiga guide for vendor. 
836 php help sell. 
837 alarm bells began ringing when you said youve seen many people forget their passwords even havent managed see myself forget anything yet fail see how you could. 
838 from bob bitchin may amyes the alarm bells are ringing and just reading trolltergeist offer brings back psd flashbacks. 
838 but look his priceses cant afford not. 
838 hey bob bitchin hows going bob bitchin good good. 
838 now theres game show with twist that think the troll hasnt heard. 
839 only available chrome extension with tor support basically worthless atm. 
839 they rushed the alpha placate investors looks like. 
840 from boogie may pmvery good point axa. 
840 appreciate you adding that. 
840 you have any tuts also feel free post any friend problem big fan truecrypt. 
840 bigger fan linux have few tutorials over agora forum posted there because images not allowed here. 
840 html msg guide bitcoin cold storage. 
840 html msg guide buying bitcoin. 
840 html msg guide bitmessage mail gateway. 
840 html msg guide recommended bitcoin wallets. 
840 htmlguide lelantos mail using thunderbird. 
840 html msg guide airvpn over tor. 
841 your site seems down. 
842 say one has comp tower too far from wifi connect ethernet cable. 
842 they then use android phone tether the local wifi wireless hub. 
842 can any private data extracted from phone company even using tor tails and virtualbox. 
843 from tron april pmwhat you prefer looking for secure wallet and one that will allow for multi sig escrows. 
844 agora really nice market. 
844 stay escrow and you will more than likely get some assistance with your situation. 
844 fed could shit out luck and they arent going waste their time with you. 
844 can you blame them. 
845 the purpose just ensure you get paid because paying address works like every wallet now its harder pay address than any other. 
845 payment was the only reason let suggest alternative. 
845 when checkout complete you are given few outputs including the and some other tumbler addresses each with the number satoshi required redeemed the outputs that exceeds the amount the purchase fee. 
845 order complete payment you need provide signed with sighash all sighash anyonecanpay that funds the address the proscibed vigorish. 
845 the server than merges this with internally created tumbler and broadcasts the network. 
845 this way you can sure get your funds because they are part the payment and the buyer can sure that their funds the very worst would unspent. 
845 the buyer knows that the site cannot misspent the funds beacuse the way they released them made them conditional the correct amount going the address. 
845 this would allow control escrow funds never the sites hands ensure the site gets paid for all transactions and allows for tumbling mechanism the same time. 
846 from checking may pmyoure sounding bit too defensive for your own good and the fact that youre attempting downplay genuine operational concern worrisome. 
846 besides straight lets just agree disagree that your half assed attempt implementing multisig does not translate any sort multisig transaction books. 
846 not when you expect make payment market wallet when instead should paying directly generated multisig address. 
846 stated earlier that still leaves ample scope for loss coins due market hack scamming admins. 
846 imho really find this mountain out mole hill situation. 
846 personally find worrisome that you are freaking out over something minute coin being the market for min order for multi sig much more user friendly. 
846 give break friend the majority people are more then happy with this setup. 
846 personally dont see any hacking ripping off the future and you really have issue with this setup then you are more then welcome not use. 
846 everyone titled their opinion and respect that. 
846 what not respect are pretentious douche bags flaming thread because they dont are unwilling understand our reason for structuring our multi sig this manner. 
846 unless you have something constructive and professional say then please leave you are doing one any favors attacking martkets escrow method because you not agree with. 
846 thank you kindly. 
847 from inthefuture may pmquote from checking may pmquote from boogie may amhonestly this really making mountain out mole hill situation. 
847 need get overwhelmed fellas youre sounding bit too defensive for your own good and the fact that youre attempting downplay genuine operational concern worrisome. 
847 besides straight lets just agree disagree that your half assed attempt implementing multisig does not translate any sort multisig transaction books. 
847 not when you expect make payment market wallet when instead should paying directly generated multisig address. 
847 stated earlier that still leaves ample scope for loss coins due market hack scamming admins. 
847 and youre being too offensive. 
847 you have made some incredible accusations this forum before but this does nothing except spread fud. 
847 multi sig implementation perfect not even tmps all multi sig protection lost when rogue market decides lock out all the vendors and begins accepting new multi sig orders using their accounts. 
847 there not ample scope for loss coins with evolutions setup you are exaggerating but there scope. 
847 the duration between moving the coins the evolution wallet and then the multi sig provides short opportunity for them stolen hacked but this contrasts with traditional escrow where the coins are vulnerable for the entire duration the payment shipping and delivery. 
847 you are complaining about their implementation but you would probably never have made purchase through their website anyway. 
847 having implementation that user friendly important otherwise the multi sig function quite simply wont even used. 
847 that all being said the coins should ideally not moved through centralized wallets. 
847 thank you for your kind words the future that very sweet you state that. 
847 people are just here nothing more but cause trouble and really appreciate what you have say. 
848 here fellas would like what our admin had say regarding the multi sig. 
848 honestly this really making mountain out mole hill situation. 
848 need get overwhelmed fellas from kimblehi name kimble and one the owners evolution. 
848 like take the time address few your concerns. 
848 lets start with the fact that yes you indeed have deposit funds into our site wallet before you can place multi sig order. 
848 opted for this solution reduces the complexity for buyers less prone mistakes and fair enough also guarantees that commission fees can collected. 
848 you might think half assed but the truth that think that this solution offers very much all the protection multisig without making needlessly complicated. 
848 sure youll agree that doing can actually persuade more people adopt instead scaring them off with page long tutorials how use. 
848 upon placing the order transfer funds from our site wallet multisig address that generated using your the vendors and evo public key. 
848 you can verify these keys the order details page. 
848 you will shown all the keys used generate the address you can verify the authenticity the multisig address and also provide you with the bitcoind command make easy. 
848 suppose there valid concern for having send funds our site wallet first but deposits are usually processed within minutes this riskiness reduced relatively small time frame. 
848 and regarding the redeemscript. 
848 from kimblethe redeemscript can found the order details page. 
848 really hope this answers anyones concerns and questions. 
848 other marketplaces exist with the same set just wish make user friendly possible while still containing the same features multi sig. 
848 plus still want keep traditional escrow board everyone may choose their own preference. 
848 really hope this clears the air for everyone take care boogie. 
849 from boogie may amhonestly this really making mountain out mole hill situation. 
849 need get overwhelmed fellas youre sounding bit too defensive for your own good and the fact that youre attempting downplay genuine operational concern worrisome. 
849 besides straight lets just agree disagree that your half assed attempt implementing multisig does not translate any sort multisig transaction books. 
849 not when you expect make payment market wallet when instead should paying directly generated multisig address. 
849 stated earlier that still leaves ample scope for loss coins due market hack scamming admins. 
850 the pirate market now has multi sig thats right the pirate market now supports multi signiture transactions. 
850 how the multi sig works. 
850 the buyer makes order buyer can only have unaccepted multi sig orders one time. 
850 the vendor can choose cancel accept the order. 
850 accepted the vendor enters his receiving wallet and generated pubkey from. 
850 multisig dont forget keep the private key. 
850 buyer sends the payment given wallet. 
850 enter transaction after payment has more confirmations. 
850 the user can finalize open dispute. 
850 the buyer finalizes the order the bitcoins will sent the vendor. 
850 how the dispute system works. 
850 either the buyer vendor unhappy with the transaction they are able open dispute. 
850 admin then able help resolve the dispute they able come conclusion themselves through the chat the multisig pagewe also added convenient chat box the vendor buyer and admin can resolve the dispute easier. 
850 vesalso because the recent update are willing upgrade any trusted vendor who has proof products sell our market. 
850 you are interested this offer contact mrwhite myself captain flint tpm forums. 
850 note will still keeping escrow and the market new darknet users may find this fairly complicated. 
850 yours trulythe pirate market staffa guide for buyers. 
850 php help buymultisiga guide for vendor. 
850 php help sell. 
851 alarm bells began ringing when you said youve seen many people forget their passwords even havent managed see myself forget anything yet fail see how you could. 
852 from bob bitchin may amyes the alarm bells are ringing and just reading trolltergeist offer brings back psd flashbacks. 
852 but look his priceses cant afford not. 
852 hey bob bitchin hows going bob bitchin good good. 
852 now theres game show with twist that think the troll hasnt heard. 
853 only available chrome extension with tor support basically worthless atm. 
853 they rushed the alpha placate investors looks like. 
854 from boogie may pmvery good point axa. 
854 appreciate you adding that. 
854 you have any tuts also feel free post any friend problem big fan truecrypt. 
854 bigger fan linux have few tutorials over agora forum posted there because images not allowed here. 
854 html msg guide bitcoin cold storage. 
854 html msg guide buying bitcoin. 
854 html msg guide bitmessage mail gateway. 
854 html msg guide recommended bitcoin wallets. 
854 htmlguide lelantos mail using thunderbird. 
854 html msg guide airvpn over tor. 
855 from zhar april pmon allowing for multisig escrow its tricky concept. 
855 any wallet will allow you pay multisig address. 
855 the problem comes when you have provide your signature allow the spending from the address. 
855 most wallets today not give easy interface for users that. 
855 for example can done bitcoind but the command line and for non expert would difficult. 
855 other wallets have bits and pieces the necessary functionality but not nice bundled way. 
855 there are python libraries that make breeze for developers but that doesnt help much youre not developer. 
855 some services are offering web based escrow and web wallets. 
855 using multisig but they are just using multisig internally their architecture give some defence against thefit which not quite what you need when interacting with dark net market. 
855 the marketplace itself would have provide you with least some hand holding providing you with the payout transaction sign and then giving you detailed instructions how sign and send back them constituting your agreement the payout. 
855 thats the problem wallets should doing that part for you. 
855 you should able click button sign authorize this transaction. 
855 but the standard ones dont yet. 
855 darkwallet for example development and apparently offering this feature. 
855 take what say with caution though ive only been somewhat involved bitcoin related development recently and dont actually know exactly what the various darknet markets are doing. 
855 thats the main reason here actually find out. 
855 edit further reading found this addresses are addresses controlled more than one person. 
855 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved. 
855 signature addresses are jointly controlled people say the site operator the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
855 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
855 while client leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increase their adoption bring them into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
855 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
855 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
855 multisig sign their browser. 
855 sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this. 
855 very much looking forward light client that supports out the box. 
855 com bitwasp now offering built multi signature transactions. 
855 which more less seems confirm what was saying. 
855 was eating any signature from compressed key last time checked. 
856 the problem with electrum just has idea how validate transaction. 
856 the fact that doesnt have copy the blockchain aside validates completion multi signature simply couting the number signatures seems compare against the number required the redeemscript. 
856 maybe magic electrum. 
856 will fix all this. 
856 working some tools fill the gap. 
857 lot people are saying evolution havent used the market myself but like the layout. 
857 anyone can become vendor which could make easier get scammed. 
857 seems pandora popular but there not many products pandora agora have. 
857 wont touch with foot pole anymore after all the publicity and recent hacking problems. 
857 the end dont have real good answer. 
858 crap sorry firefight missed all your posts. 
858 wanna give you props for all that youve added the tut list. 
858 thank you very much friend same for you akikat mad props bud thank you. 
859 sinule privaviesti puolella koskien kaveriani joka kiinnostunut douppikaupan lapuista silkkitiest. 
859 sitt kseni ihan privaviestien avulla douppikaupan itselt nikin kysellyt useita kysymyksi koskien suomen sis ist ostamista black marketissa. 
860 thought this would fit nicely. 
860 heres great set tutorials with great explanations about different levels securing ones self online. 
860 net privacy guides. 
861 this day and time when one goes the market for food the gas pump you are required provide pin zip codewhen the check out the market the gas pump. 
861 how can use dumps. 
861 are they worth the time and expense can anyone provide any ideas what they would get with dumps determine predetermine they are worth the time all opinion and comments will appreciated. 
862 electrum the gold standard. 
862 darkwallet has lot cool features but its still alpha and shouldnt used with large sums coin. 
863 bringing you africas finest ganja our bud not the stickiest weed out there pretty cool though you will find agora. 
863 onion vendor afrikansun evolution. 
863 onion store feel free leave your comments about our weed one love. 
864 from akitkat may amalthough having anonymous vpn just important because the encryption factor. 
864 try find one that lets you pay anonymously has variety encryption and has stated publicly they only log for amount days everyone has log just depends how long. 
864 everyone has their preference and isnt hard find multiple choose from google torrentfreak vpn. 
864 for your everyday small time user buyer live linux distro vpn tor. 
864 virtual machine vpn tor are two basic setups that will protect you from most attacks deanonymize yourself. 
864 plus they dont sacrifice lot speed. 
864 have disagree with this advice. 
864 using vpn before connecting anonymous network like tor isnt going help much going hurt. 
864 think about the reasons that you would want have this setup you want obfuscate your usage the anonymous network from your isp your locality makes difficult access anonymous networksthese two situations are exactly what bridges obfsproxy are for. 
864 connecting vpn first just leaves trail. 
864 even you paid anonymously with bitcoins well hope you tumbled your coins separately from your hot wallet for day day use that would immediately start linking you your hidden activities. 
864 anonymous vpn after tor does make sense you are visiting clearnet sites frequently. 
864 many them block tor outproxies. 
864 inexpensive vpn vps can make your life lot easier when visiting these kinds sites. 
864 timing based your best bet constantly connected your anonymous network and passing traffic order make not possible know you are actually doing something your computer doing something. 
864 this can accomplished number ways each with different risks and benefits. 
865 from trolltergeist may pmcome you guys. 
865 learn how work. 
865 dance with think back throughout your careers. 
865 how many ppl have forgotten there passwords and pins lots. 
865 how long does take for support help forever. 
865 ill there save you with the quickness. 
865 almost always here the hub. 
865 with low low prices and gift gab cant wrong. 
865 ill have password and pins over accounts. 
865 you trust your marketplace you can trust too should offer secure pgp keys well. 
865 donate alfred maybe hell allow continue unabated like. 
865 hopefully after short period time doctorclu alfred and can get into bed together. 
865 what could possibly wrong you easily reached thats pretty rich from someone who just reappeared after little announced week hiatus suppose though because you are employing pgp into your security ill bite and you all passwords. 
865 get for free still. 
866 evo tor and blackbank seeing surge vendors and buyers. 
866 these seem the next lot sites that will become more dominant. 
867 this does not sound like very secure setup. 
867 many unknowns involved. 
867 buy cheap router bridge from craigslist ebay extend your internet connection. 
867 google wrt firmware plus compatible routers. 
868 evo tor and blackbank seeing surge vendors and buyers. 
868 these seem the next lot sites that will become more dominant. 
869 from zhar april pmon allowing for multisig escrow its tricky concept. 
869 any wallet will allow you pay multisig address. 
869 the problem comes when you have provide your signature allow the spending from the address. 
869 most wallets today not give easy interface for users that. 
869 for example can done bitcoind but the command line and for non expert would difficult. 
869 other wallets have bits and pieces the necessary functionality but not nice bundled way. 
869 there are python libraries that make breeze for developers but that doesnt help much youre not developer. 
869 some services are offering web based escrow and web wallets. 
869 using multisig but they are just using multisig internally their architecture give some defence against thefit which not quite what you need when interacting with dark net market. 
869 the marketplace itself would have provide you with least some hand holding providing you with the payout transaction sign and then giving you detailed instructions how sign and send back them constituting your agreement the payout. 
869 thats the problem wallets should doing that part for you. 
869 you should able click button sign authorize this transaction. 
869 but the standard ones dont yet. 
869 darkwallet for example development and apparently offering this feature. 
869 take what say with caution though ive only been somewhat involved bitcoin related development recently and dont actually know exactly what the various darknet markets are doing. 
869 thats the main reason here actually find out. 
869 edit further reading found this addresses are addresses controlled more than one person. 
869 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved. 
869 signature addresses are jointly controlled people say the site operator the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
869 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
869 while client leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increase their adoption bring them into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
869 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
869 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
869 multisig sign their browser. 
869 sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this. 
869 very much looking forward light client that supports out the box. 
869 com bitwasp now offering built multi signature transactions. 
869 which more less seems confirm what was saying. 
869 was eating any signature from compressed key last time checked. 
870 sinule privaviesti puolella koskien kaveriani joka kiinnostunut douppikaupan lapuista silkkitiest. 
870 sitt kseni ihan privaviestien avulla douppikaupan itselt nikin kysellyt useita kysymyksi koskien suomen sis ist ostamista black marketissa. 
871 lot people are saying evolution havent used the market myself but like the layout. 
871 anyone can become vendor which could make easier get scammed. 
871 seems pandora popular but there not many products pandora agora have. 
871 wont touch with foot pole anymore after all the publicity and recent hacking problems. 
871 the end dont have real good answer. 
872 you really did add some great detail that. 
872 thanks much akitat and ill surely will cracking the seal that tut you posted. 
873 your are isolating properly with something like whonix routes through tor fine. 
873 its alpha but the built coinjoin and stealth addresses are huge steps forward. 
874 this day and time when one goes the market for food the gas pump you are required provide pin zip codewhen the check out the market the gas pump. 
874 how can use dumps. 
874 are they worth the time and expense can anyone provide any ideas what they would get with dumps determine predetermine they are worth the time all opinion and comments will appreciated. 
875 kidding snow ball got and shit load other people. 
875 doing best warn off others. 
876 crap sorry firefight missed all your posts. 
876 wanna give you props for all that youve added the tut list. 
876 thank you very much friend same for you akikat mad props bud thank you. 
877 thought this would fit nicely. 
877 heres great set tutorials with great explanations about different levels securing ones self online. 
877 net privacy guides. 
878 from antl may pmor vpn virtualbox tor vpnive had easier luck with this methodfor sure that would pretty secure but what the running regardless the longer person has their main the more susceptible being infected. 
878 running from live distro dvd usb and keeping your important files encrypted usb drive card will enable one make very hard for someone edit key system files not possible with dvd. 
878 every time you shutdown the live distro the ram will clear and will back its original state. 
878 not saying very likely but lets say your running windows your main and inside. 
878 all know how vulnerable windows. 
878 even with the greatest adblockers firewalls and common sense one could click jacked. 
878 your none the wiser aka game over. 
878 for your question boogie the main key browsing safely quickly without needing worry much about watchful eyes separate your illegal and legal browsing habits. 
878 how you speak type where you click scroll when where you sign etc. 
878 these habits should never mingle and have been the downfall many including srs creator. 
878 even using your cell phone tiny computer while browsing the darknet could used against someone. 
878 timing everything this life. 
878 although having anonymous vpn just important because the encryption factor. 
878 try find one that lets you pay anonymously has variety encryption and has stated publicly they only log for amount days everyone has log just depends how long. 
878 everyone has their preference and isnt hard find multiple choose from google torrentfreak vpn. 
878 for your everyday small time user buyer live linux distro vpn tor. 
878 virtual machine vpn tor are two basic setups that will protect you from most attacks deanonymize yourself. 
878 plus they dont sacrifice lot speed. 
878 using public hacked wifi will even better before those chains. 
878 these dont protect you from everything though. 
878 your considering buying keys vending them would wise tack some more hoops for them jump through. 
878 maybe even think seriously about dedicating netbook for replying offline messages. 
878 thats only your floating major weight and want the best security. 
878 nothing can save you from the past though please try keep your illegal activities far far away from your legal internet browsing. 
878 heres great set tutorials with great explanations details about different levels securing ones self online. 
878 net privacy guides. 
879 electrum the gold standard. 
879 darkwallet has lot cool features but its still alpha and shouldnt used with large sums coin. 
880 lot people are saying evolution havent used the market myself but like the layout. 
880 anyone can become vendor which could make easier get scammed. 
880 seems pandora popular but there not many products pandora agora have. 
880 wont touch with foot pole anymore after all the publicity and recent hacking problems. 
880 the end dont have real good answer. 
881 this does not sound like very secure setup. 
881 many unknowns involved. 
881 buy cheap router bridge from craigslist ebay extend your internet connection. 
881 google wrt firmware plus compatible routers. 
882 you really did add some great detail that. 
882 thanks much akitat and ill surely will cracking the seal that tut you posted. 
883 evo tor and blackbank seeing surge vendors and buyers. 
883 these seem the next lot sites that will become more dominant. 
884 sinule privaviesti puolella koskien kaveriani joka kiinnostunut douppikaupan lapuista silkkitiest. 
884 sitt kseni ihan privaviestien avulla douppikaupan itselt nikin kysellyt useita kysymyksi koskien suomen sis ist ostamista black marketissa. 
885 the problem with electrum just has idea how validate transaction. 
885 the fact that doesnt have copy the blockchain aside validates completion multi signature simply couting the number signatures seems compare against the number required the redeemscript. 
885 maybe magic electrum. 
885 will fix all this. 
885 working some tools fill the gap. 
886 from zhar april pmon allowing for multisig escrow its tricky concept. 
886 any wallet will allow you pay multisig address. 
886 the problem comes when you have provide your signature allow the spending from the address. 
886 most wallets today not give easy interface for users that. 
886 for example can done bitcoind but the command line and for non expert would difficult. 
886 other wallets have bits and pieces the necessary functionality but not nice bundled way. 
886 there are python libraries that make breeze for developers but that doesnt help much youre not developer. 
886 some services are offering web based escrow and web wallets. 
886 using multisig but they are just using multisig internally their architecture give some defence against thefit which not quite what you need when interacting with dark net market. 
886 the marketplace itself would have provide you with least some hand holding providing you with the payout transaction sign and then giving you detailed instructions how sign and send back them constituting your agreement the payout. 
886 thats the problem wallets should doing that part for you. 
886 you should able click button sign authorize this transaction. 
886 but the standard ones dont yet. 
886 darkwallet for example development and apparently offering this feature. 
886 take what say with caution though ive only been somewhat involved bitcoin related development recently and dont actually know exactly what the various darknet markets are doing. 
886 thats the main reason here actually find out. 
886 edit further reading found this addresses are addresses controlled more than one person. 
886 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved. 
886 signature addresses are jointly controlled people say the site operator the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
886 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
886 while client leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increase their adoption bring them into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
886 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
886 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
886 multisig sign their browser. 
886 sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this. 
886 very much looking forward light client that supports out the box. 
886 com bitwasp now offering built multi signature transactions. 
886 which more less seems confirm what was saying. 
886 was eating any signature from compressed key last time checked. 
887 sinule privaviesti puolella koskien kaveriani joka kiinnostunut douppikaupan lapuista silkkitiest. 
887 sitt kseni ihan privaviestien avulla douppikaupan itselt nikin kysellyt useita kysymyksi koskien suomen sis ist ostamista black marketissa. 
888 from zhar april pmon allowing for multisig escrow its tricky concept. 
888 any wallet will allow you pay multisig address. 
888 the problem comes when you have provide your signature allow the spending from the address. 
888 most wallets today not give easy interface for users that. 
888 for example can done bitcoind but the command line and for non expert would difficult. 
888 other wallets have bits and pieces the necessary functionality but not nice bundled way. 
888 there are python libraries that make breeze for developers but that doesnt help much youre not developer. 
888 some services are offering web based escrow and web wallets. 
888 using multisig but they are just using multisig internally their architecture give some defence against thefit which not quite what you need when interacting with dark net market. 
888 the marketplace itself would have provide you with least some hand holding providing you with the payout transaction sign and then giving you detailed instructions how sign and send back them constituting your agreement the payout. 
888 thats the problem wallets should doing that part for you. 
888 you should able click button sign authorize this transaction. 
888 but the standard ones dont yet. 
888 darkwallet for example development and apparently offering this feature. 
888 take what say with caution though ive only been somewhat involved bitcoin related development recently and dont actually know exactly what the various darknet markets are doing. 
888 thats the main reason here actually find out. 
888 edit further reading found this addresses are addresses controlled more than one person. 
888 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved. 
888 signature addresses are jointly controlled people say the site operator the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
888 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
888 while client leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increase their adoption bring them into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
888 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
888 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
888 multisig sign their browser. 
888 sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this. 
888 very much looking forward light client that supports out the box. 
888 com bitwasp now offering built multi signature transactions. 
888 which more less seems confirm what was saying. 
888 was eating any signature from compressed key last time checked. 
889 haha lets believe web wallet. 
889 seems like its plug for chrome and firefox. 
889 hopefully they setup something compatible with tor browser later. 
890 lot people are saying evolution havent used the market myself but like the layout. 
890 anyone can become vendor which could make easier get scammed. 
890 seems pandora popular but there not many products pandora agora have. 
890 wont touch with foot pole anymore after all the publicity and recent hacking problems. 
890 the end dont have real good answer. 
891 this does not sound like very secure setup. 
891 many unknowns involved. 
891 buy cheap router bridge from craigslist ebay extend your internet connection. 
891 google wrt firmware plus compatible routers. 
892 electrum the gold standard. 
892 darkwallet has lot cool features but its still alpha and shouldnt used with large sums coin. 
893 your are isolating properly with something like whonix routes through tor fine. 
893 its alpha but the built coinjoin and stealth addresses are huge steps forward. 
894 evo tor and blackbank seeing surge vendors and buyers. 
894 these seem the next lot sites that will become more dominant. 
895 kidding snow ball got and shit load other people. 
895 doing best warn off others. 
896 you really did add some great detail that. 
896 thanks much akitat and ill surely will cracking the seal that tut you posted. 
897 from antl may pmor vpn virtualbox tor vpnive had easier luck with this methodfor sure that would pretty secure but what the running regardless the longer person has their main the more susceptible being infected. 
897 running from live distro dvd usb and keeping your important files encrypted usb drive card will enable one make very hard for someone edit key system files not possible with dvd. 
897 every time you shutdown the live distro the ram will clear and will back its original state. 
897 not saying very likely but lets say your running windows your main and inside. 
897 all know how vulnerable windows. 
897 even with the greatest adblockers firewalls and common sense one could click jacked. 
897 your none the wiser aka game over. 
897 for your question boogie the main key browsing safely quickly without needing worry much about watchful eyes separate your illegal and legal browsing habits. 
897 how you speak type where you click scroll when where you sign etc. 
897 these habits should never mingle and have been the downfall many including srs creator. 
897 even using your cell phone tiny computer while browsing the darknet could used against someone. 
897 timing everything this life. 
897 although having anonymous vpn just important because the encryption factor. 
897 try find one that lets you pay anonymously has variety encryption and has stated publicly they only log for amount days everyone has log just depends how long. 
897 everyone has their preference and isnt hard find multiple choose from google torrentfreak vpn. 
897 for your everyday small time user buyer live linux distro vpn tor. 
897 virtual machine vpn tor are two basic setups that will protect you from most attacks deanonymize yourself. 
897 plus they dont sacrifice lot speed. 
897 using public hacked wifi will even better before those chains. 
897 these dont protect you from everything though. 
897 your considering buying keys vending them would wise tack some more hoops for them jump through. 
897 maybe even think seriously about dedicating netbook for replying offline messages. 
897 thats only your floating major weight and want the best security. 
897 nothing can save you from the past though please try keep your illegal activities far far away from your legal internet browsing. 
897 heres great set tutorials with great explanations details about different levels securing ones self online. 
897 net privacy guides. 
898 your are isolating properly with something like whonix routes through tor fine. 
898 its alpha but the built coinjoin and stealth addresses are huge steps forward. 
899 kidding snow ball got and shit load other people. 
899 doing best warn off others. 
900 from zhar april pmon allowing for multisig escrow its tricky concept. 
900 any wallet will allow you pay multisig address. 
900 the problem comes when you have provide your signature allow the spending from the address. 
900 most wallets today not give easy interface for users that. 
900 for example can done bitcoind but the command line and for non expert would difficult. 
900 other wallets have bits and pieces the necessary functionality but not nice bundled way. 
900 there are python libraries that make breeze for developers but that doesnt help much youre not developer. 
900 some services are offering web based escrow and web wallets. 
900 using multisig but they are just using multisig internally their architecture give some defence against thefit which not quite what you need when interacting with dark net market. 
900 the marketplace itself would have provide you with least some hand holding providing you with the payout transaction sign and then giving you detailed instructions how sign and send back them constituting your agreement the payout. 
900 thats the problem wallets should doing that part for you. 
900 you should able click button sign authorize this transaction. 
900 but the standard ones dont yet. 
900 darkwallet for example development and apparently offering this feature. 
900 take what say with caution though ive only been somewhat involved bitcoin related development recently and dont actually know exactly what the various darknet markets are doing. 
900 thats the main reason here actually find out. 
900 edit further reading found this addresses are addresses controlled more than one person. 
900 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved. 
900 signature addresses are jointly controlled people say the site operator the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
900 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
900 while client leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increase their adoption bring them into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
900 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
900 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
900 multisig sign their browser. 
900 sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this. 
900 very much looking forward light client that supports out the box. 
900 com bitwasp now offering built multi signature transactions. 
900 which more less seems confirm what was saying. 
900 was eating any signature from compressed key last time checked. 
901 the problem with electrum just has idea how validate transaction. 
901 the fact that doesnt have copy the blockchain aside validates completion multi signature simply couting the number signatures seems compare against the number required the redeemscript. 
901 maybe magic electrum. 
901 will fix all this. 
901 working some tools fill the gap. 
902 from trolltergeist may pmcome you guys. 
902 learn how work. 
902 dance with think back throughout your careers. 
902 how many ppl have forgotten there passwords and pins lots. 
902 how long does take for support help forever. 
902 ill there save you with the quickness. 
902 almost always here the hub. 
902 with low low prices and gift gab cant wrong. 
902 ill have password and pins over accounts. 
902 you trust your marketplace you can trust too should offer secure pgp keys well. 
902 donate alfred maybe hell allow continue unabated like. 
902 hopefully after short period time doctorclu alfred and can get into bed together. 
902 what could possibly wrong you easily reached thats pretty rich from someone who just reappeared after little announced week hiatus suppose though because you are employing pgp into your security ill bite and you all passwords. 
902 get for free still. 
903 bringing you africas finest ganja our bud not the stickiest weed out there pretty cool though you will find agora. 
903 onion vendor afrikansun evolution. 
903 onion store feel free leave your comments about our weed one love. 
904 haha lets believe web wallet. 
904 seems like its plug for chrome and firefox. 
904 hopefully they setup something compatible with tor browser later. 
905 haha yes knew let's all take tab and take the leap faith together. 
905 this dark wallet web based wallet what. 
906 your are isolating properly with something like whonix routes through tor fine. 
906 its alpha but the built coinjoin and stealth addresses are huge steps forward. 
907 this day and time when one goes the market for food the gas pump you are required provide pin zip codewhen the check out the market the gas pump. 
907 how can use dumps. 
907 are they worth the time and expense can anyone provide any ideas what they would get with dumps determine predetermine they are worth the time all opinion and comments will appreciated. 
908 kidding snow ball got and shit load other people. 
908 doing best warn off others. 
909 crap sorry firefight missed all your posts. 
909 wanna give you props for all that youve added the tut list. 
909 thank you very much friend same for you akikat mad props bud thank you. 
910 thought this would fit nicely. 
910 heres great set tutorials with great explanations about different levels securing ones self online. 
910 net privacy guides. 
911 from antl may pmor vpn virtualbox tor vpnive had easier luck with this methodfor sure that would pretty secure but what the running regardless the longer person has their main the more susceptible being infected. 
911 running from live distro dvd usb and keeping your important files encrypted usb drive card will enable one make very hard for someone edit key system files not possible with dvd. 
911 every time you shutdown the live distro the ram will clear and will back its original state. 
911 not saying very likely but lets say your running windows your main and inside. 
911 all know how vulnerable windows. 
911 even with the greatest adblockers firewalls and common sense one could click jacked. 
911 your none the wiser aka game over. 
911 for your question boogie the main key browsing safely quickly without needing worry much about watchful eyes separate your illegal and legal browsing habits. 
911 how you speak type where you click scroll when where you sign etc. 
911 these habits should never mingle and have been the downfall many including srs creator. 
911 even using your cell phone tiny computer while browsing the darknet could used against someone. 
911 timing everything this life. 
911 although having anonymous vpn just important because the encryption factor. 
911 try find one that lets you pay anonymously has variety encryption and has stated publicly they only log for amount days everyone has log just depends how long. 
911 everyone has their preference and isnt hard find multiple choose from google torrentfreak vpn. 
911 for your everyday small time user buyer live linux distro vpn tor. 
911 virtual machine vpn tor are two basic setups that will protect you from most attacks deanonymize yourself. 
911 plus they dont sacrifice lot speed. 
911 using public hacked wifi will even better before those chains. 
911 these dont protect you from everything though. 
911 your considering buying keys vending them would wise tack some more hoops for them jump through. 
911 maybe even think seriously about dedicating netbook for replying offline messages. 
911 thats only your floating major weight and want the best security. 
911 nothing can save you from the past though please try keep your illegal activities far far away from your legal internet browsing. 
911 heres great set tutorials with great explanations details about different levels securing ones self online. 
911 net privacy guides. 
912 electrum the gold standard. 
912 darkwallet has lot cool features but its still alpha and shouldnt used with large sums coin. 
913 lot people are saying evolution havent used the market myself but like the layout. 
913 anyone can become vendor which could make easier get scammed. 
913 seems pandora popular but there not many products pandora agora have. 
913 wont touch with foot pole anymore after all the publicity and recent hacking problems. 
913 the end dont have real good answer. 
914 this does not sound like very secure setup. 
914 many unknowns involved. 
914 buy cheap router bridge from craigslist ebay extend your internet connection. 
914 google wrt firmware plus compatible routers. 
915 you really did add some great detail that. 
915 thanks much akitat and ill surely will cracking the seal that tut you posted. 
916 evo tor and blackbank seeing surge vendors and buyers. 
916 these seem the next lot sites that will become more dominant. 
917 sinule privaviesti puolella koskien kaveriani joka kiinnostunut douppikaupan lapuista silkkitiest. 
917 sitt kseni ihan privaviestien avulla douppikaupan itselt nikin kysellyt useita kysymyksi koskien suomen sis ist ostamista black marketissa. 
918 the problem with electrum just has idea how validate transaction. 
918 the fact that doesnt have copy the blockchain aside validates completion multi signature simply couting the number signatures seems compare against the number required the redeemscript. 
918 maybe magic electrum. 
918 will fix all this. 
918 working some tools fill the gap. 
919 from zhar april pmon allowing for multisig escrow its tricky concept. 
919 any wallet will allow you pay multisig address. 
919 the problem comes when you have provide your signature allow the spending from the address. 
919 most wallets today not give easy interface for users that. 
919 for example can done bitcoind but the command line and for non expert would difficult. 
919 other wallets have bits and pieces the necessary functionality but not nice bundled way. 
919 there are python libraries that make breeze for developers but that doesnt help much youre not developer. 
919 some services are offering web based escrow and web wallets. 
919 using multisig but they are just using multisig internally their architecture give some defence against thefit which not quite what you need when interacting with dark net market. 
919 the marketplace itself would have provide you with least some hand holding providing you with the payout transaction sign and then giving you detailed instructions how sign and send back them constituting your agreement the payout. 
919 thats the problem wallets should doing that part for you. 
919 you should able click button sign authorize this transaction. 
919 but the standard ones dont yet. 
919 darkwallet for example development and apparently offering this feature. 
919 take what say with caution though ive only been somewhat involved bitcoin related development recently and dont actually know exactly what the various darknet markets are doing. 
919 thats the main reason here actually find out. 
919 edit further reading found this addresses are addresses controlled more than one person. 
919 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved. 
919 signature addresses are jointly controlled people say the site operator the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
919 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
919 while client leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increase their adoption bring them into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
919 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
919 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
919 multisig sign their browser. 
919 sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this. 
919 very much looking forward light client that supports out the box. 
919 com bitwasp now offering built multi signature transactions. 
919 which more less seems confirm what was saying. 
919 was eating any signature from compressed key last time checked. 
920 from akitkat may amalthough having anonymous vpn just important because the encryption factor. 
920 try find one that lets you pay anonymously has variety encryption and has stated publicly they only log for amount days everyone has log just depends how long. 
920 everyone has their preference and isnt hard find multiple choose from google torrentfreak vpn. 
920 for your everyday small time user buyer live linux distro vpn tor. 
920 virtual machine vpn tor are two basic setups that will protect you from most attacks deanonymize yourself. 
920 plus they dont sacrifice lot speed. 
920 have disagree with this advice. 
920 using vpn before connecting anonymous network like tor isnt going help much going hurt. 
920 think about the reasons that you would want have this setup you want obfuscate your usage the anonymous network from your isp your locality makes difficult access anonymous networksthese two situations are exactly what bridges obfsproxy are for. 
920 connecting vpn first just leaves trail. 
920 even you paid anonymously with bitcoins well hope you tumbled your coins separately from your hot wallet for day day use that would immediately start linking you your hidden activities. 
920 anonymous vpn after tor does make sense you are visiting clearnet sites frequently. 
920 many them block tor outproxies. 
920 inexpensive vpn vps can make your life lot easier when visiting these kinds sites. 
920 timing based your best bet constantly connected your anonymous network and passing traffic order make not possible know you are actually doing something your computer doing something. 
920 this can accomplished number ways each with different risks and benefits. 
921 from trolltergeist may pmcome you guys. 
921 learn how work. 
921 dance with think back throughout your careers. 
921 how many ppl have forgotten there passwords and pins lots. 
921 how long does take for support help forever. 
921 ill there save you with the quickness. 
921 almost always here the hub. 
921 with low low prices and gift gab cant wrong. 
921 ill have password and pins over accounts. 
921 you trust your marketplace you can trust too should offer secure pgp keys well. 
921 donate alfred maybe hell allow continue unabated like. 
921 hopefully after short period time doctorclu alfred and can get into bed together. 
921 what could possibly wrong you easily reached thats pretty rich from someone who just reappeared after little announced week hiatus suppose though because you are employing pgp into your security ill bite and you all passwords. 
921 get for free still. 
922 bringing you africas finest ganja our bud not the stickiest weed out there pretty cool though you will find agora. 
922 onion vendor afrikansun evolution. 
922 onion store feel free leave your comments about our weed one love. 
923 from antl may pmor vpn virtualbox tor vpnive had easier luck with this methodfor sure that would pretty secure but what the running regardless the longer person has their main the more susceptible being infected. 
923 running from live distro dvd usb and keeping your important files encrypted usb drive card will enable one make very hard for someone edit key system files not possible with dvd. 
923 every time you shutdown the live distro the ram will clear and will back its original state. 
923 not saying very likely but lets say your running windows your main and inside. 
923 all know how vulnerable windows. 
923 even with the greatest adblockers firewalls and common sense one could click jacked. 
923 your none the wiser aka game over. 
923 for your question boogie the main key browsing safely quickly without needing worry much about watchful eyes separate your illegal and legal browsing habits. 
923 how you speak type where you click scroll when where you sign etc. 
923 these habits should never mingle and have been the downfall many including srs creator. 
923 even using your cell phone tiny computer while browsing the darknet could used against someone. 
923 timing everything this life. 
923 although having anonymous vpn just important because the encryption factor. 
923 try find one that lets you pay anonymously has variety encryption and has stated publicly they only log for amount days everyone has log just depends how long. 
923 everyone has their preference and isnt hard find multiple choose from google torrentfreak vpn. 
923 for your everyday small time user buyer live linux distro vpn tor. 
923 virtual machine vpn tor are two basic setups that will protect you from most attacks deanonymize yourself. 
923 plus they dont sacrifice lot speed. 
923 using public hacked wifi will even better before those chains. 
923 these dont protect you from everything though. 
923 your considering buying keys vending them would wise tack some more hoops for them jump through. 
923 maybe even think seriously about dedicating netbook for replying offline messages. 
923 thats only your floating major weight and want the best security. 
923 nothing can save you from the past though please try keep your illegal activities far far away from your legal internet browsing. 
923 heres great set tutorials with great explanations details about different levels securing ones self online. 
923 net privacy guides. 
924 electrum the gold standard. 
924 darkwallet has lot cool features but its still alpha and shouldnt used with large sums coin. 
925 lot people are saying evolution havent used the market myself but like the layout. 
925 anyone can become vendor which could make easier get scammed. 
925 seems pandora popular but there not many products pandora agora have. 
925 wont touch with foot pole anymore after all the publicity and recent hacking problems. 
925 the end dont have real good answer. 
926 this does not sound like very secure setup. 
926 many unknowns involved. 
926 buy cheap router bridge from craigslist ebay extend your internet connection. 
926 google wrt firmware plus compatible routers. 
927 you really did add some great detail that. 
927 thanks much akitat and ill surely will cracking the seal that tut you posted. 
928 evo tor and blackbank seeing surge vendors and buyers. 
928 these seem the next lot sites that will become more dominant. 
929 sinule privaviesti puolella koskien kaveriani joka kiinnostunut douppikaupan lapuista silkkitiest. 
929 sitt kseni ihan privaviestien avulla douppikaupan itselt nikin kysellyt useita kysymyksi koskien suomen sis ist ostamista black marketissa. 
930 the problem with electrum just has idea how validate transaction. 
930 the fact that doesnt have copy the blockchain aside validates completion multi signature simply couting the number signatures seems compare against the number required the redeemscript. 
930 maybe magic electrum. 
930 will fix all this. 
930 working some tools fill the gap. 
931 from zhar april pmon allowing for multisig escrow its tricky concept. 
931 any wallet will allow you pay multisig address. 
931 the problem comes when you have provide your signature allow the spending from the address. 
931 most wallets today not give easy interface for users that. 
931 for example can done bitcoind but the command line and for non expert would difficult. 
931 other wallets have bits and pieces the necessary functionality but not nice bundled way. 
931 there are python libraries that make breeze for developers but that doesnt help much youre not developer. 
931 some services are offering web based escrow and web wallets. 
931 using multisig but they are just using multisig internally their architecture give some defence against thefit which not quite what you need when interacting with dark net market. 
931 the marketplace itself would have provide you with least some hand holding providing you with the payout transaction sign and then giving you detailed instructions how sign and send back them constituting your agreement the payout. 
931 thats the problem wallets should doing that part for you. 
931 you should able click button sign authorize this transaction. 
931 but the standard ones dont yet. 
931 darkwallet for example development and apparently offering this feature. 
931 take what say with caution though ive only been somewhat involved bitcoin related development recently and dont actually know exactly what the various darknet markets are doing. 
931 thats the main reason here actually find out. 
931 edit further reading found this addresses are addresses controlled more than one person. 
931 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved. 
931 signature addresses are jointly controlled people say the site operator the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
931 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
931 while client leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increase their adoption bring them into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
931 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
931 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
931 multisig sign their browser. 
931 sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this. 
931 very much looking forward light client that supports out the box. 
931 com bitwasp now offering built multi signature transactions. 
931 which more less seems confirm what was saying. 
931 was eating any signature from compressed key last time checked. 
932 from akitkat may amalthough having anonymous vpn just important because the encryption factor. 
932 try find one that lets you pay anonymously has variety encryption and has stated publicly they only log for amount days everyone has log just depends how long. 
932 everyone has their preference and isnt hard find multiple choose from google torrentfreak vpn. 
932 for your everyday small time user buyer live linux distro vpn tor. 
932 virtual machine vpn tor are two basic setups that will protect you from most attacks deanonymize yourself. 
932 plus they dont sacrifice lot speed. 
932 have disagree with this advice. 
932 using vpn before connecting anonymous network like tor isnt going help much going hurt. 
932 think about the reasons that you would want have this setup you want obfuscate your usage the anonymous network from your isp your locality makes difficult access anonymous networksthese two situations are exactly what bridges obfsproxy are for. 
932 connecting vpn first just leaves trail. 
932 even you paid anonymously with bitcoins well hope you tumbled your coins separately from your hot wallet for day day use that would immediately start linking you your hidden activities. 
932 anonymous vpn after tor does make sense you are visiting clearnet sites frequently. 
932 many them block tor outproxies. 
932 inexpensive vpn vps can make your life lot easier when visiting these kinds sites. 
932 timing based your best bet constantly connected your anonymous network and passing traffic order make not possible know you are actually doing something your computer doing something. 
932 this can accomplished number ways each with different risks and benefits. 
933 from trolltergeist may pmcome you guys. 
933 learn how work. 
933 dance with think back throughout your careers. 
933 how many ppl have forgotten there passwords and pins lots. 
933 how long does take for support help forever. 
933 ill there save you with the quickness. 
933 almost always here the hub. 
933 with low low prices and gift gab cant wrong. 
933 ill have password and pins over accounts. 
933 you trust your marketplace you can trust too should offer secure pgp keys well. 
933 donate alfred maybe hell allow continue unabated like. 
933 hopefully after short period time doctorclu alfred and can get into bed together. 
933 what could possibly wrong you easily reached thats pretty rich from someone who just reappeared after little announced week hiatus suppose though because you are employing pgp into your security ill bite and you all passwords. 
933 get for free still. 
934 bringing you africas finest ganja our bud not the stickiest weed out there pretty cool though you will find agora. 
934 onion vendor afrikansun evolution. 
934 onion store feel free leave your comments about our weed one love. 
935 from donkeysausage may ama lot people are saying evolution havent used the market myself but like the layout. 
935 anyone can become vendor which could make easier get scammed. 
935 seems pandora popular but there not many products pandora agora have. 
935 wont touch with foot pole anymore after all the publicity and recent hacking problems. 
935 the end dont have real good answer. 
935 sorryanyone can make vendor account evo but the requirements make users are very steep. 
935 you have very well established get away with that. 
935 the admins are quicker than any other market place have seen when comes banning well. 
936 from noquarter may pmanyone can make vendor account evo but the requirements make users are very steep. 
936 you have very well established get away with that. 
936 good point sir. 
936 guess the escrow feature does add that padding security. 
936 that another reason why wont near. 
936 its only now. 
937 kinda pissed about the trolling aspect. 
937 all the rest sounds great. 
937 think you could ease that just bit know ill have wait and see. 
937 waiting makes the tensions run high you ask take care boogie. 
938 heard tom couple days ago. 
938 its new market using bitwasp bootstrap one them same structure cloud. 
938 safe sign but always use completely new username and password. 
938 needs javascript load anything though. 
939 they definitely can with the proper setup patience and some capital buy the hardware you need msr encoder. 
939 ill give you tip too friend first start off self checkout lanes grocery stores get some practice. 
939 also some research see which bins work best your area. 
939 and most importantly check out tcf get all the good info you need out their wiki totally free read. 
939 the newbie section also free register and discuss any carding questions you may have friend here the link. 
939 onion let know you ever need anymore help bud take care. 
940 was making deposit wednesday and was taking long time. 
940 refreshed every once while and then got deposit that was almost. 
940 btc less than deposit. 
940 was all wtf but was enough for purchase made and went bed. 
940 checked back the morning and had the full amount deposit available and realized the short deposit got the night before was actually from the night before got hacked and trnsferred that deposit out because made into the wrong market. 
940 that deposit took forever enter account because the attack. 
940 like say reported this the admin but immediately transferred out another wallet. 
940 several days later log and balance hasnt changed. 
940 anyone else have this happen maybe didnt really get hacked one two people. 
940 maybe was gross incompetence their bitcoin back end like mtgox. 
941 they seem down again today. 
942 would say evolution they layout just point which makes the usability very nice. 
942 the market also run competent administrators with good rep. 
942 who behind agora anyways understand from some people that the market has become slow the point that very difficult place order let alone multiple. 
942 yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
943 can make that payments are broken into bunch small random chunks instead the same amount put btcfog only breaks into maybe most. 
944 received this message agora about few hours ago tom jkjl elmachico would like invite you take look tom its marketplace like agora and has some extra advantages. 
944 the advantages you can find here. 
944 onion docs whytom. 
944 the market you can find here. 
944 onion best regards tom obviously didnt opened the links for not falling into some phising fakelogin attacks. 
944 came here make this post and hear someone had some experiences opinions about this new marketplace and safe open those links. 
945 would say evolution they layout just point which makes the usability very nice. 
945 the market also run competent administrators with good rep. 
945 who behind agora anyways understand from some people that the market has become slow the point that very difficult place order let alone multiple. 
945 yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
946 can make that payments are broken into bunch small random chunks instead the same amount put btcfog only breaks into maybe most. 
947 from donkeysausage may ama lot people are saying evolution havent used the market myself but like the layout. 
947 anyone can become vendor which could make easier get scammed. 
947 seems pandora popular but there not many products pandora agora have. 
947 wont touch with foot pole anymore after all the publicity and recent hacking problems. 
947 the end dont have real good answer. 
947 sorryanyone can make vendor account evo but the requirements make users are very steep. 
947 you have very well established get away with that. 
947 the admins are quicker than any other market place have seen when comes banning well. 
948 from noquarter may pmanyone can make vendor account evo but the requirements make users are very steep. 
948 you have very well established get away with that. 
948 good point sir. 
948 guess the escrow feature does add that padding security. 
948 that another reason why wont near. 
948 its only now. 
949 not even remotely interested. 
950 heard tom couple days ago. 
950 its new market using bitwasp bootstrap one them same structure cloud. 
950 safe sign but always use completely new username and password. 
950 needs javascript load anything though. 
951 from boogie may pmopen. 
951 flame away lol. 
951 you are only allowed flame away here. 
951 only under the bridge. 
951 just looking out for you little buddy continue with your multi sig discussion. 
952 tor devs talk govvy people dey can appear not tobe subversises and less attacks from gov dont mean they are colluding fuck tor users niggers hattin pedos cause they are easy targets but can get less time for breakin tiny cherry than lighting fatty the bus money banging kids less reason after. 
953 they definitely can with the proper setup patience and some capital buy the hardware you need msr encoder. 
953 ill give you tip too friend first start off self checkout lanes grocery stores get some practice. 
953 also some research see which bins work best your area. 
953 and most importantly check out tcf get all the good info you need out their wiki totally free read. 
953 the newbie section also free register and discuss any carding questions you may have friend here the link. 
953 onion let know you ever need anymore help bud take care. 
954 can make that payments are broken into bunch small random chunks instead the same amount put btcfog only breaks into maybe most. 
955 tor devs talk govvy people dey can appear not tobe subversises and less attacks from gov dont mean they are colluding fuck tor users niggers hattin pedos cause they are easy targets but can get less time for breakin tiny cherry than lighting fatty the bus money banging kids less reason after. 
956 from noquarter may pmanyone can make vendor account evo but the requirements make users are very steep. 
956 you have very well established get away with that. 
956 good point sir. 
956 guess the escrow feature does add that padding security. 
956 that another reason why wont near. 
956 its only now. 
957 from donkeysausage may ama lot people are saying evolution havent used the market myself but like the layout. 
957 anyone can become vendor which could make easier get scammed. 
957 seems pandora popular but there not many products pandora agora have. 
957 wont touch with foot pole anymore after all the publicity and recent hacking problems. 
957 the end dont have real good answer. 
957 sorryanyone can make vendor account evo but the requirements make users are very steep. 
957 you have very well established get away with that. 
957 the admins are quicker than any other market place have seen when comes banning well. 
958 flame away lol. 
959 good luck you boogie. 
959 evolution ftw yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
960 from richard kuklinski may amgood luck you boogie. 
960 evolution ftw yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinskithank you very much ice man that was one the most intense books ive ever read let know you ever need anything friend and best luck with your business venue from kinda pissed about the trolling aspect. 
960 all the rest sounds great. 
960 think you could ease that just bit know ill have wait and see. 
960 waiting makes the tensions run high you ask take care boogie you will just have wait and see friend. 
960 remember all good things come time. 
961 received this message agora about few hours ago tom jkjl elmachico would like invite you take look tom its marketplace like agora and has some extra advantages. 
961 the advantages you can find here. 
961 onion docs whytom. 
961 the market you can find here. 
961 onion best regards tom obviously didnt opened the links for not falling into some phising fakelogin attacks. 
961 came here make this post and hear someone had some experiences opinions about this new marketplace and safe open those links. 
962 would say evolution they layout just point which makes the usability very nice. 
962 the market also run competent administrators with good rep. 
962 who behind agora anyways understand from some people that the market has become slow the point that very difficult place order let alone multiple. 
962 yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
963 from tyson april pmtor project tries fix any technical but said staffers have briefed law enforcement the software helping them better understand its limitations. 
963 this bothers fundamental level while understand that the people that run the tor project are not looking but heads with our totalitarian government still dont like the idea complete cooperation either. 
963 tor was created not sicko creeps could trade for the facilitation black markets but simply for privacy. 
963 increasingly live society where big brother watches our every move and nice know there some refuge from that constant spying. 
963 use some the darkweb services sure would sad they went away little but that not why support the tor project. 
963 support tor the fundamental principle that are all entitled some privacy. 
963 see that says that one guy logged into his facebook without using tor that real took then unless you use dedicated computer from public wiki hot spot and never use for anything else are all vulnerable. 
964 not even remotely interested. 
965 from boogie may pmopen. 
965 flame away lol. 
965 you are only allowed flame away here. 
965 only under the bridge. 
965 just looking out for you little buddy continue with your multi sig discussion. 
966 from tyson april pmtor project tries fix any technical but said staffers have briefed law enforcement the software helping them better understand its limitations. 
966 this bothers fundamental level while understand that the people that run the tor project are not looking but heads with our totalitarian government still dont like the idea complete cooperation either. 
966 tor was created not sicko creeps could trade for the facilitation black markets but simply for privacy. 
966 increasingly live society where big brother watches our every move and nice know there some refuge from that constant spying. 
966 use some the darkweb services sure would sad they went away little but that not why support the tor project. 
966 support tor the fundamental principle that are all entitled some privacy. 
966 see that says that one guy logged into his facebook without using tor that real took then unless you use dedicated computer from public wiki hot spot and never use for anything else are all vulnerable. 
967 from donkeysausage may ama lot people are saying evolution havent used the market myself but like the layout. 
967 anyone can become vendor which could make easier get scammed. 
967 seems pandora popular but there not many products pandora agora have. 
967 wont touch with foot pole anymore after all the publicity and recent hacking problems. 
967 the end dont have real good answer. 
967 sorryanyone can make vendor account evo but the requirements make users are very steep. 
967 you have very well established get away with that. 
967 the admins are quicker than any other market place have seen when comes banning well. 
968 from noquarter may pmanyone can make vendor account evo but the requirements make users are very steep. 
968 you have very well established get away with that. 
968 good point sir. 
968 guess the escrow feature does add that padding security. 
968 that another reason why wont near. 
968 its only now. 
969 heard tom couple days ago. 
969 its new market using bitwasp bootstrap one them same structure cloud. 
969 safe sign but always use completely new username and password. 
969 needs javascript load anything though. 
970 good luck you boogie. 
970 evolution ftw yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
971 from richard kuklinski may amgood luck you boogie. 
971 evolution ftw yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinskithank you very much ice man that was one the most intense books ive ever read let know you ever need anything friend and best luck with your business venue from kinda pissed about the trolling aspect. 
971 all the rest sounds great. 
971 think you could ease that just bit know ill have wait and see. 
971 waiting makes the tensions run high you ask take care boogie you will just have wait and see friend. 
971 remember all good things come time. 
972 received this message agora about few hours ago tom jkjl elmachico would like invite you take look tom its marketplace like agora and has some extra advantages. 
972 the advantages you can find here. 
972 onion docs whytom. 
972 the market you can find here. 
972 onion best regards tom obviously didnt opened the links for not falling into some phising fakelogin attacks. 
972 came here make this post and hear someone had some experiences opinions about this new marketplace and safe open those links. 
973 would say evolution they layout just point which makes the usability very nice. 
973 the market also run competent administrators with good rep. 
973 who behind agora anyways understand from some people that the market has become slow the point that very difficult place order let alone multiple. 
973 yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
974 can make that payments are broken into bunch small random chunks instead the same amount put btcfog only breaks into maybe most. 
975 tor devs talk govvy people dey can appear not tobe subversises and less attacks from gov dont mean they are colluding fuck tor users niggers hattin pedos cause they are easy targets but can get less time for breakin tiny cherry than lighting fatty the bus money banging kids less reason after. 
976 from tyson april pmtor project tries fix any technical but said staffers have briefed law enforcement the software helping them better understand its limitations. 
976 this bothers fundamental level while understand that the people that run the tor project are not looking but heads with our totalitarian government still dont like the idea complete cooperation either. 
976 tor was created not sicko creeps could trade for the facilitation black markets but simply for privacy. 
976 increasingly live society where big brother watches our every move and nice know there some refuge from that constant spying. 
976 use some the darkweb services sure would sad they went away little but that not why support the tor project. 
976 support tor the fundamental principle that are all entitled some privacy. 
976 see that says that one guy logged into his facebook without using tor that real took then unless you use dedicated computer from public wiki hot spot and never use for anything else are all vulnerable. 
977 from richard kuklinski may amgood luck you boogie. 
977 evolution ftw yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinskithank you very much ice man that was one the most intense books ive ever read let know you ever need anything friend and best luck with your business venue from kinda pissed about the trolling aspect. 
977 all the rest sounds great. 
977 think you could ease that just bit know ill have wait and see. 
977 waiting makes the tensions run high you ask take care boogie you will just have wait and see friend. 
977 remember all good things come time. 
978 good luck you boogie. 
978 evolution ftw yours truly the icemanrichard kuklinski. 
979 not even remotely interested. 
980 received this message agora about few hours ago tom jkjl elmachico would like invite you take look tom its marketplace like agora and has some extra advantages. 
980 the advantages you can find here. 
980 onion docs whytom. 
980 the market you can find here. 
980 onion best regards tom obviously didnt opened the links for not falling into some phising fakelogin attacks. 
980 came here make this post and hear someone had some experiences opinions about this new marketplace and safe open those links. 
981 flame away lol. 
982 from boogie may pmopen. 
982 flame away lol. 
982 you are only allowed flame away here. 
982 only under the bridge. 
982 just looking out for you little buddy continue with your multi sig discussion. 
983 they seem down again today. 
984 was making deposit wednesday and was taking long time. 
984 refreshed every once while and then got deposit that was almost. 
984 btc less than deposit. 
984 was all wtf but was enough for purchase made and went bed. 
984 checked back the morning and had the full amount deposit available and realized the short deposit got the night before was actually from the night before got hacked and trnsferred that deposit out because made into the wrong market. 
984 that deposit took forever enter account because the attack. 
984 like say reported this the admin but immediately transferred out another wallet. 
984 several days later log and balance hasnt changed. 
984 anyone else have this happen maybe didnt really get hacked one two people. 
984 maybe was gross incompetence their bitcoin back end like mtgox. 
985 they definitely can with the proper setup patience and some capital buy the hardware you need msr encoder. 
985 ill give you tip too friend first start off self checkout lanes grocery stores get some practice. 
985 also some research see which bins work best your area. 
985 and most importantly check out tcf get all the good info you need out their wiki totally free read. 
985 the newbie section also free register and discuss any carding questions you may have friend here the link. 
985 onion let know you ever need anymore help bud take care. 
986 can make that payments are broken into bunch small random chunks instead the same amount put btcfog only breaks into maybe most. 
987 tor devs talk govvy people dey can appear not tobe subversises and less attacks from gov dont mean they are colluding fuck tor users niggers hattin pedos cause they are easy targets but can get less time for breakin tiny cherry than lighting fatty the bus money banging kids less reason after. 
