0 looks very nice and clean. 
1 blackbank also changed their url. 
2 too bad the atms require you give absolute pruff who you are like finger prints and things like thatarnt the bitcoin atms canada way less intrusive into your privacy anybody know. 
3 nice update honestly surprised you dont get more attention with all your features you deserve more. 
4 they are changing urls think. 
4 something like that. 
4 almost every ssl was effected think but most changed urls and consequently ssls. 
4 agora just slow the draw guess. 
5 from calcium april amsecurity like being christian. 
5 you can never fucking perfect like jesus. 
5 but your sposed try just assume all major brands are backdoored and monitered spend the time and money buy the safest possible items and use them getting away with buying online drugs heaven man and you got try your fucking best get love this. 
5 copying and printing out put above desk. 
5 thank you cal. 
6 quotehowdy vendors weve just gotten around tying the load ends with the new multisig bazar. 
6 processes all orders through multisig for both standard and multisig. 
6 all tba account user information such user details logins items etc have been migrated across off april. 
6 any items that been added modified deleted etc will need your action update them accordingly. 
6 and all users vendors whove registered after the above mentioned date will need register and setup their listings. 
6 pls feel free login and have look around though pls note its still not live the general public. 
6 want spend the next few days testing out the multisig codes that vendors and users can familiarize themselves with the sales process the interim. 
6 also vendors accounts now have extra input tab their account page add one more bitcoin public keys which will used process your received orders. 
6 they can chose add one after having received order. 
6 buyers will only need add pubkey while placing order and not before. 
6 right now the codes work seamlessly with bitcoind. 
6 any vendors already having bitcoind installed. 
6 pls let know wed more then happy walk you through one more test sale. 
6 shoot any questions you have write them here. 
6 and can discuss how best help each other with this new setup. 
6 onion wed posted this exclusively tba vendors few days back and have made some test sales with bitcoin core client bitcoind and few step step instructions have been posted both the well the forum help users through every step the process. 
6 based the few test sales weve done far feel fairly confident with sharing the multisig site. 
6 mentioned above the beta marketplace can accessed. 
6 onion though note all existing alpha users before april have been migrated over the new most off you will not need register. 
6 any users whove registered after the date will required. 
6 this includes vendors and their listings. 
6 also special launch offer were not charging for any vendor registrations the multisig throughout the month april. 
6 this exclusive tbb market only feel free pass the url around. 
6 also should you need help getting started with multisig not hesitate contact. 
6 totally recommend you install bitcoind bitcoinqt the codes work seamless around and complete brainer which only requires copy past codes which are prompted both buyers and vendors through their orders page walk users through the entire sale process. 
6 posting here well for later referencing. 
6 how get started using multi sig transactions the beta can now set their accounts adding one more pubkeys through their account tab. 
6 which would then enable them accept multisig escrow payments from clients addition requesting for. 
6 can chose add pubkeys for each other and when received. 
6 buyers will requested generate their share pubkeys and add them the orders while confirming purchase items. 
6 this can done through bitcoin core through. 
6 multisig where transactions can also verified and signed for release funds. 
6 the set automatically generate its own share the public keys create mult isig address. 
6 buyers would then need send funds this address and once the transaction confirmed the the vendor updated accordingly and requested update order status dispatched etc. 
6 create your public and private key with your bitcoin client. 
6 open your bitcoind clients debug console and type the following commands getnewaddress key copy the address from output screen and add following command paste here the previously generated address will return wallet address details. 
6 youll find your public under pubkey section. 
6 for vendors once you have the public key upload them your account. 
6 for buyers use while placing order. 
6 then get your private key details and store somewhere safe. 
6 dumpprivkey paste here the previously generated address this key will used for validating terms the trade and for signing the release escrow. 
6 once order has been placed both buyers and vendors will able follow. 
6 each step the order through their orders page the. 
6 once buyers submit their public key place order the vendor noticed the new order. 
6 the vendor can chose for payment upfront for multi sig escrow. 
6 once vendors have decided the payment method buyers will notified how proceed further. 
6 now the orders page would have multisig payment address assigned for that specific order which buyers need send the funds and soon one confirmation has been received the order will marked paid and the vendor notified. 
6 the vendor will then their bitcoind debug console input the following commands. 
6 instructions for buyers and vendors available your orders page guide you through. 
6 hex string for the order details all you need copy paste. 
6 this will show the multisig address which the funds are being held sent the buyer. 
6 once the vendor has dispatched the items they will then punch this will provide hex string your output verifying them having signed the transaction. 
6 this hex output needs copied and posted the blank box. 
6 this point time the buyer will notified that the vendor has dispatched the goods. 
6 once the goods have been received the buyer will then need sign their signature confirming havering received the goods and then releasing the escrow which would pay the vendor directly their wallet. 
6 same instructions for the buyers with one additional step releasing funds escrow. 
6 your bitcoind debug console hex string for the order details this second signature will now complete the order. 
6 hex string raw transaction. 
6 this send immediately the blockchain network and the first confirmation the vendor paid their wallet. 
6 create your public and private key onlineyou will need use clearnet site. 
6 click create new multi sig address generate your browser. 
6 this will then provide you with wallet address pubkey privkey. 
6 save your newly generated private and public key for placing receiving your order and releasing receiving your funds. 
6 login the and upload your bitcoin public key youre vendor click account tab. 
6 and then add bitcoin pub keys. 
6 buyer use freshly generated one while placing order. 
6 once both parties buyer and vendor have confirmed details order they will presented with unique order wallet address redeem script public keys the buyer vendor and the for that specific order. 
6 pls note all multi sig wallets begin with the number. 
6 the buyer can then verify the redeem script make sure they have the order details correct and then proceed make payment the multi sig order address. 
6 once the payment has been received the wallet the will notify the vendor proceed with shipping dispatching the purchased items. 
6 steps for vendors only visit coinb. 
6 and click new transaction. 
6 verify having received payment the multisig address. 
6 enter the redeem script mentioned your order page and wait for the details load. 
6 the screen will then provide you details such funds available sent the buyer the multisig wallet. 
6 copy the unsigned raw transaction from your order page and click sign transaction tab the website. 
6 input the raw transaction you just copied and your private key and click submit. 
6 then copy the signed transaction hex bottom page onto your order page the submitting this will let the buyer know that the items have now been dispatched. 
6 steps for buyers only receiving the items the buyer will need sign the unsigned raw transaction mentioned their order page the they can follow the steps above sign transaction and sign with their private key. 
6 which will then provide the hex output for the transaction required for parties txid. 
6 this hex output will then need copied broadcasted the blockchain network release the escrow funds the vendor. 
6 click broadcast tab and input the final hex output and click submit release escrow funds the vendor. 
6 all times clients can also lookup and track multisig transactions btclook. 
6 com always feedback suggestions and constructive criticism always welcome. 
7 the patriot act the single most thing that has happened since slavery. 
7 but even then was only one two races got fucked. 
7 now its all encompassing. 
7 they are even spying other countries. 
7 haha fuck the voters sure got conned becasue the scary terrorist. 
7 fuck the nsa fuck the cia fuck the fbi and pretty much fuck every lawmaker judge lawyer who has helped steal our freedom. 
7 fuck all mother fuck all. 
7 shop much smell like fuckin mall fabolous. 
8 the element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
8 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smart. 
9 were offering samples our high end outdoor for limited time blackbank. 
10 they stole mine you cant far behind. 
11 can somebody explain why agora the only market that seems effected heartbleed. 
12 the element surprise over. 
12 and they still havent communicated their forums. 
12 all feels like mtgox. 
12 put message your website and stop talking people. 
12 from riposte april amthe element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
12 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smart. 
13 dont know about this shit only feel comfortable posting here because the url hasnt changed whyusheep warned this shit while back not sure this was what was anticipating but does certainly seems unforeseen mentioned for that matter. 
13 hell even the original link post states that attackers would have the ability impersonate the hidden service agora. 
13 fuck that shit warning nothing fuck logging they sure hell aint getting password via redirect hack not trying spread fudd just warning people careful watch your and and lets see what the fall out there any. 
14 bit surprised the optimism here. 
14 there hasnt been word from agora the forums. 
14 fear theyve followed all the other markets and run off enjoy nice retirement with our btc. 
14 but they have done nothing communicate with the vendors and buyers and thats just insane. 
14 dont care how small team they are doesnt take much post times day update the people who are making you rich. 
14 this was very badly handled. 
14 they found something that critical that they had shut down thats fine but you dont that and then say nothing beyond webpage message. 
14 the only organization that know that did that was mtgox. 
15 yes action does speak louder than words. 
15 and theyve done nothing but disappear far. 
15 like see some action their part. 
15 from riposte april amquote from guru april amthe element surprise over. 
15 and they still havent communicated their forums. 
15 all feels like mtgox. 
15 put message your website and stop talking people. 
15 from riposte april amthe element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
15 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates. 
16 dont see anybody panicking. 
16 but think its foolish assume that everything and act like you know fact. 
16 nobody knows anything about anyone this world. 
16 thats the beautiful thing that makes all possible. 
16 also the ugly thing that makes possible for anyone anything and never accountable for. 
16 until agora goes back doesnt. 
16 will not assume everything that webpage true. 
16 nor will assume theyve run off with the money. 
16 ive been alive for more than half century. 
16 learned long time ago that one can never too sure anyone especially when they are protected anonymity. 
16 its fine optimistic but dont certain. 
16 because unless you personally know these people and are sitting beside them. 
16 you cant certain anything. 
16 from axa april amnewbies need chill agora vendors are not going apeshit appreciate agora admin being proactive security. 
16 read the announcement take agora their word just patient for few days. 
16 lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back normal. 
17 where where your splendid shire security anxiously awaiting reply from middle earth middle earth. 
18 from axa april amquote from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
18 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
18 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
18 have you ever heard metadata email metadata can effect your all then youre running shit. 
18 also email metadata available the nsa ghcq regardless your provider its moot point. 
19 from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
19 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
19 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
19 have you ever heard metadata. 
20 from flowers april amquote from axa april amquote from flowers april amquote from trolltergeist april pmone drawback. 
20 safe mail for contact safe mail isnt safe. 
20 email provider irrelevant you use gpg and access anonymously. 
20 have you ever heard metadata email metadata can effect your all then youre running shit. 
20 also email metadata available the nsa ghcq regardless your provider its moot point. 
20 think you are missing point that using mail provider lelantos vfemail for example that minimizes metadata good practice. 
21 suppose their plan have everything remotely monitored using vpro extensions wouldnt some kind stand alone firewall defeat their plan like filtering everything malicious before reaching your desktop nic. 
22 none the other markets changed their urls. 
22 only agora has. 
22 why that from evilgrin april pmthey are changing urls think. 
22 something like that. 
22 almost every ssl was effected think but most changed urls and consequently ssls. 
22 agora just slow the draw guess. 
23 looks very nice and clean. 
24 blackbank also changed their url. 
25 too bad the atms require you give absolute pruff who you are like finger prints and things like thatarnt the bitcoin atms canada way less intrusive into your privacy anybody know. 
26 nice update honestly surprised you dont get more attention with all your features you deserve more. 
27 they are changing urls think. 
27 something like that. 
27 almost every ssl was effected think but most changed urls and consequently ssls. 
27 agora just slow the draw guess. 
28 from calcium april amsecurity like being christian. 
28 you can never fucking perfect like jesus. 
28 but your sposed try just assume all major brands are backdoored and monitered spend the time and money buy the safest possible items and use them getting away with buying online drugs heaven man and you got try your fucking best get love this. 
28 copying and printing out put above desk. 
28 thank you cal. 
29 quotehowdy vendors weve just gotten around tying the load ends with the new multisig bazar. 
29 processes all orders through multisig for both standard and multisig. 
29 all tba account user information such user details logins items etc have been migrated across off april. 
29 any items that been added modified deleted etc will need your action update them accordingly. 
29 and all users vendors whove registered after the above mentioned date will need register and setup their listings. 
29 pls feel free login and have look around though pls note its still not live the general public. 
29 want spend the next few days testing out the multisig codes that vendors and users can familiarize themselves with the sales process the interim. 
29 also vendors accounts now have extra input tab their account page add one more bitcoin public keys which will used process your received orders. 
29 they can chose add one after having received order. 
29 buyers will only need add pubkey while placing order and not before. 
29 right now the codes work seamlessly with bitcoind. 
29 any vendors already having bitcoind installed. 
29 pls let know wed more then happy walk you through one more test sale. 
29 shoot any questions you have write them here. 
29 and can discuss how best help each other with this new setup. 
29 onion wed posted this exclusively tba vendors few days back and have made some test sales with bitcoin core client bitcoind and few step step instructions have been posted both the well the forum help users through every step the process. 
29 based the few test sales weve done far feel fairly confident with sharing the multisig site. 
29 mentioned above the beta marketplace can accessed. 
29 onion though note all existing alpha users before april have been migrated over the new most off you will not need register. 
29 any users whove registered after the date will required. 
29 this includes vendors and their listings. 
29 also special launch offer were not charging for any vendor registrations the multisig throughout the month april. 
29 this exclusive tbb market only feel free pass the url around. 
29 also should you need help getting started with multisig not hesitate contact. 
29 totally recommend you install bitcoind bitcoinqt the codes work seamless around and complete brainer which only requires copy past codes which are prompted both buyers and vendors through their orders page walk users through the entire sale process. 
29 posting here well for later referencing. 
29 how get started using multi sig transactions the beta can now set their accounts adding one more pubkeys through their account tab. 
29 which would then enable them accept multisig escrow payments from clients addition requesting for. 
29 can chose add pubkeys for each other and when received. 
29 buyers will requested generate their share pubkeys and add them the orders while confirming purchase items. 
29 this can done through bitcoin core through. 
29 multisig where transactions can also verified and signed for release funds. 
29 the set automatically generate its own share the public keys create mult isig address. 
29 buyers would then need send funds this address and once the transaction confirmed the the vendor updated accordingly and requested update order status dispatched etc. 
29 create your public and private key with your bitcoin client. 
29 open your bitcoind clients debug console and type the following commands getnewaddress key copy the address from output screen and add following command paste here the previously generated address will return wallet address details. 
29 youll find your public under pubkey section. 
29 for vendors once you have the public key upload them your account. 
29 for buyers use while placing order. 
29 then get your private key details and store somewhere safe. 
29 dumpprivkey paste here the previously generated address this key will used for validating terms the trade and for signing the release escrow. 
29 once order has been placed both buyers and vendors will able follow. 
29 each step the order through their orders page the. 
29 once buyers submit their public key place order the vendor noticed the new order. 
29 the vendor can chose for payment upfront for multi sig escrow. 
29 once vendors have decided the payment method buyers will notified how proceed further. 
29 now the orders page would have multisig payment address assigned for that specific order which buyers need send the funds and soon one confirmation has been received the order will marked paid and the vendor notified. 
29 the vendor will then their bitcoind debug console input the following commands. 
29 instructions for buyers and vendors available your orders page guide you through. 
29 hex string for the order details all you need copy paste. 
29 this will show the multisig address which the funds are being held sent the buyer. 
29 once the vendor has dispatched the items they will then punch this will provide hex string your output verifying them having signed the transaction. 
29 this hex output needs copied and posted the blank box. 
29 this point time the buyer will notified that the vendor has dispatched the goods. 
29 once the goods have been received the buyer will then need sign their signature confirming havering received the goods and then releasing the escrow which would pay the vendor directly their wallet. 
29 same instructions for the buyers with one additional step releasing funds escrow. 
29 your bitcoind debug console hex string for the order details this second signature will now complete the order. 
29 hex string raw transaction. 
29 this send immediately the blockchain network and the first confirmation the vendor paid their wallet. 
29 create your public and private key onlineyou will need use clearnet site. 
29 click create new multi sig address generate your browser. 
29 this will then provide you with wallet address pubkey privkey. 
29 save your newly generated private and public key for placing receiving your order and releasing receiving your funds. 
29 login the and upload your bitcoin public key youre vendor click account tab. 
29 and then add bitcoin pub keys. 
29 buyer use freshly generated one while placing order. 
29 once both parties buyer and vendor have confirmed details order they will presented with unique order wallet address redeem script public keys the buyer vendor and the for that specific order. 
29 pls note all multi sig wallets begin with the number. 
29 the buyer can then verify the redeem script make sure they have the order details correct and then proceed make payment the multi sig order address. 
29 once the payment has been received the wallet the will notify the vendor proceed with shipping dispatching the purchased items. 
29 steps for vendors only visit coinb. 
29 and click new transaction. 
29 verify having received payment the multisig address. 
29 enter the redeem script mentioned your order page and wait for the details load. 
29 the screen will then provide you details such funds available sent the buyer the multisig wallet. 
29 copy the unsigned raw transaction from your order page and click sign transaction tab the website. 
29 input the raw transaction you just copied and your private key and click submit. 
29 then copy the signed transaction hex bottom page onto your order page the submitting this will let the buyer know that the items have now been dispatched. 
29 steps for buyers only receiving the items the buyer will need sign the unsigned raw transaction mentioned their order page the they can follow the steps above sign transaction and sign with their private key. 
29 which will then provide the hex output for the transaction required for parties txid. 
29 this hex output will then need copied broadcasted the blockchain network release the escrow funds the vendor. 
29 click broadcast tab and input the final hex output and click submit release escrow funds the vendor. 
29 all times clients can also lookup and track multisig transactions btclook. 
29 com always feedback suggestions and constructive criticism always welcome. 
30 the patriot act the single most thing that has happened since slavery. 
30 but even then was only one two races got fucked. 
30 now its all encompassing. 
30 they are even spying other countries. 
30 haha fuck the voters sure got conned becasue the scary terrorist. 
30 fuck the nsa fuck the cia fuck the fbi and pretty much fuck every lawmaker judge lawyer who has helped steal our freedom. 
30 fuck all mother fuck all. 
30 shop much smell like fuckin mall fabolous. 
31 the element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
31 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smart. 
32 were offering samples our high end outdoor for limited time blackbank. 
33 they stole mine you cant far behind. 
34 can somebody explain why agora the only market that seems effected heartbleed. 
35 the element surprise over. 
35 and they still havent communicated their forums. 
35 all feels like mtgox. 
35 put message your website and stop talking people. 
35 from riposte april amthe element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
35 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smart. 
36 dont know about this shit only feel comfortable posting here because the url hasnt changed whyusheep warned this shit while back not sure this was what was anticipating but does certainly seems unforeseen mentioned for that matter. 
36 hell even the original link post states that attackers would have the ability impersonate the hidden service agora. 
36 fuck that shit warning nothing fuck logging they sure hell aint getting password via redirect hack not trying spread fudd just warning people careful watch your and and lets see what the fall out there any. 
37 bit surprised the optimism here. 
37 there hasnt been word from agora the forums. 
37 fear theyve followed all the other markets and run off enjoy nice retirement with our btc. 
37 but they have done nothing communicate with the vendors and buyers and thats just insane. 
37 dont care how small team they are doesnt take much post times day update the people who are making you rich. 
37 this was very badly handled. 
37 they found something that critical that they had shut down thats fine but you dont that and then say nothing beyond webpage message. 
37 the only organization that know that did that was mtgox. 
38 yes action does speak louder than words. 
38 and theyve done nothing but disappear far. 
38 like see some action their part. 
38 from riposte april amquote from guru april amthe element surprise over. 
38 and they still havent communicated their forums. 
38 all feels like mtgox. 
38 put message your website and stop talking people. 
38 from riposte april amthe element surprise the reason agora gave notice their intentions. 
38 with servers potentially compromised and closing was best gtfo quick smartactions speak louder than wordstalk cheap just ask defcon and his mute subordinates. 
39 dont see anybody panicking. 
39 but think its foolish assume that everything and act like you know fact. 
39 nobody knows anything about anyone this world. 
39 thats the beautiful thing that makes all possible. 
39 also the ugly thing that makes possible for anyone anything and never accountable for. 
39 until agora goes back doesnt. 
39 will not assume everything that webpage true. 
39 nor will assume theyve run off with the money. 
39 ive been alive for more than half century. 
39 learned long time ago that one can never too sure anyone especially when they are protected anonymity. 
39 its fine optimistic but dont certain. 
39 because unless you personally know these people and are sitting beside them. 
39 you cant certain anything. 
39 from axa april amnewbies need chill agora vendors are not going apeshit appreciate agora admin being proactive security. 
39 read the announcement take agora their word just patient for few days. 
39 lelantos mail did the same thing was offline for almost two days now back normal. 
40 from pirate market april ambecause not everyone affected that bug. 
40 the oldstable versions debian squeeze and suse linux enterprise server are not vulnerable. 
40 okay good point. 
40 for some reason though suspect defcon has idea what version linux his server running anyway. 
41 from guru april amodd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
41 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
41 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
41 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
41 and technically illiterate. 
42 the pirate market now grams the drug search engine. 
42 grams similar google but scans multiple marketplace listings for the items you are looking for are happy apart this and look forward more customers coming from grams. 
42 the pirate market. 
43 whats your experience with him. 
43 onion users torchem. 
44 this gateway working the time this post. 
44 onion these are the others. 
45 using middle box requires two network interfaces the middle box and has only one. 
45 anyway believe tutorial using for this purpose needed. 
45 maybe the use middle box isolates the various intel chipset rootkits though would still very sceptical about any intel chipset these days. 
46 website reference forum hidden service that was called pedoforum. 
46 was run the same guy who ran cam lot apparently the site that just made the news for having been busted year ago that collected videos teenagers jacking off webcams they called cam lot website. 
46 from the wording that sounds like they didnt target casual browsers the forum but only people who registered accounts. 
46 any case should have expected them things like this. 
46 the best defense having two computers dedicated for anonymous activity one being tor router some secure like openbsd and the other being hardened system for browsing. 
46 physical isolation the diamond standard for protecting from this sort attack and obviously they are going keep doing this type attack more and more time for people rapidly start using physical isolation. 
46 throw still though hide hardware serial numbers. 
46 another technique protect from attacks like this use virtual machine based isolation itself. 
46 you can also protect from attacks like this with software and hardware firewalls and with process level firewalls like mandatory access controls. 
46 pretty much this concerns you the things look into are how protect from this sort attack with. 
46 firewalls complicated often requires extensive knowledge exactly how needs configured both the firewall and the system itself. 
46 mandatory access controls similar firewalls also requires extensive knowledge. 
46 physical isolation requires much less knowledge and much less wrong well. 
46 its very powerful technique. 
46 virtual isolation requires the least amount knowledge trivial configure provides significant protection but not much physical isolation you also need know how harden your browser. 
46 like disable javascript tor browser for sure. 
46 you dont need them disable images too long you understand that this could increase linkability risk though this wont matter much you only few websites only websites you illegal things. 
46 not using windows one the biggest favors you can for yourself well use some distribution linux instead maybe even some bsd distro. 
46 think how you can add amnesia well even you are compromised the attackers foothold lost after some period time. 
46 tails has amnesia built into for example and has protection from this sort attack via the firewall method the firewall having been configured professionals. 
46 whonix goes with the virtual isolation technique for protecting from this sort attack but doesnt have amnesia attacker can still gain permanent foothold they just cant easily get your real address though they can spy your entire besides that you will deanonymize yourself you send address plaintext for example. 
46 you could get amnesia using stable operating system without many updates for and loading from read only medium into memory something maybe from hard drive with write blocker. 
46 and only load writable format when updating the software intentionally never when the process doing sensitive things. 
46 you could also use snapshots the same thing for virtual isolation. 
46 the biggest thing also keep mind for our threat model the risk attacker deanonymizing you with your plaintext address even they cant get your address. 
46 protect from this your address needs encrypted before passes through exposed security domains. 
46 the best way this with air gaps virtual air gaps least. 
46 security this level really hard get into and even harder maintain. 
46 but you follow the already known best practices you can make extremely unlikely that fbi level attacker can pwn you with this technique. 
46 nsa tao different story though. 
47 never mind about the rise email just read axas thread secure email and got lelantos account. 
48 from grams april amnever mind about the rise email just read axas thread secure email and got lelantos account. 
48 you will like lelantos. 
48 thanks for your good work with grams and welcome the forum. 
49 hey everyone the owner operator and programmer grams. 
49 got lot people emailing from here thought would make account. 
49 doing lot new features and markets for the beta release hopefully tomorrow. 
49 you have any questions feel free email. 
49 try respond fast but have been working hour days the past week trying make the site the best can. 
49 about safe mail. 
49 know sucks trying get rise invite. 
49 already have but need another. 
49 any you could hook that would great. 
49 can send you some btc for your trouble. 
49 anyways glad you all liek the site and cant wait for you see what have planned. 
50 hello boys and girls you know the money the wallet agora can pick them and the money referall still apply did enroll approximately people every week and gain sometimes even. 
50 someone can answer thanks brothers and sisters sorry english bad. 
51 your best bets are lbc bitstamp buying one the markets via prepaid visa. 
52 how come there love for evo feel like missing part the picture. 
52 only problem with have little traffic over there. 
53 hey have shit agora. 
53 have attempted access agora using the new urls they have posted all over the dark web. 
53 but never loads the login page. 
53 dose any one know how long untill its and running when can back work tried warn every one trade your email with your business associates because any day agora could crash like the others. 
53 and today one can access agora they say this bug could have fucked agora. 
53 its really unfortuante case the law impermanance. 
53 they really fuck the univeral community subsatnce users when they toasted silk. 
53 that was the most awsome creation ever got experience. 
53 the world will never freely organised was when silk ran its course. 
53 feel blessed have been apart. 
53 worked hard earn coin invest silk was their number fan supporter and believer. 
53 invested every thing had and could earn into silk. 
53 was scammed over btc. 
53 but for while there vendor was earning aud week. 
53 faith paid off was supermn lucky. 
53 others lost big dillars. 
53 but trial and error gambeled every penny had. 
53 miss you silk you were ultimate window the universal sub culture users and abusers. 
53 iwill never forget you. 
54 contact with them too edge about whether not trust them. 
55 hmm they seem legit there one way know they are being legityou could ask them put you into contact with one their customers and see matches with the same one spoke and from there listed the wiki tor scam but dosent say why only that discount cards dont exist when confronted him about this said was probably due the green machine fungi and even told fungi plays some part what put the hidden wiki least the old one anyway and that very good scamming people. 
55 this house cards seems legit but then dosent the same time think maybe its best stick evolution and the established market places with escrow just safe although ask him put you into contact with another one his customers and get back here when has done that and can collaborate from here. 
56 cant access outlaw with the main link. 
56 their site seems down. 
56 know they have multiple links access their site anyone have them. 
57 that onionshop worth looking into. 
57 yeah heard deepify wasnt working right today. 
58 not one ive checked. 
58 ill have give them look from deepdotweb april pmblackbank also changed their url. 
59 odd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
59 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
59 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
59 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
60 because not everyone affected that bug. 
60 the oldstable versions debian squeeze and suse linux enterprise server are not vulnerable. 
61 tor changing their urls. 
61 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
61 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
62 becoming all the more apparent doesnt hold the keys cant change the url even did want. 
63 seems like everyone around area never has any coins. 
63 its hard find them why dam coins going hunt you down and find you wherever you are hiding. 
63 anyone have any leads where get coins anonymously besides local bitcoins. 
63 ive used that place lol. 
64 never mind about the rise email just read axas thread secure email and got lelantos account. 
65 becoming all the more apparent doesnt hold the keys cant change the url even did want. 
66 website reference forum hidden service that was called pedoforum. 
66 was run the same guy who ran cam lot apparently the site that just made the news for having been busted year ago that collected videos teenagers jacking off webcams they called cam lot website. 
66 from the wording that sounds like they didnt target casual browsers the forum but only people who registered accounts. 
66 any case should have expected them things like this. 
66 the best defense having two computers dedicated for anonymous activity one being tor router some secure like openbsd and the other being hardened system for browsing. 
66 physical isolation the diamond standard for protecting from this sort attack and obviously they are going keep doing this type attack more and more time for people rapidly start using physical isolation. 
66 throw still though hide hardware serial numbers. 
66 another technique protect from attacks like this use virtual machine based isolation itself. 
66 you can also protect from attacks like this with software and hardware firewalls and with process level firewalls like mandatory access controls. 
66 pretty much this concerns you the things look into are how protect from this sort attack with. 
66 firewalls complicated often requires extensive knowledge exactly how needs configured both the firewall and the system itself. 
66 mandatory access controls similar firewalls also requires extensive knowledge. 
66 physical isolation requires much less knowledge and much less wrong well. 
66 its very powerful technique. 
66 virtual isolation requires the least amount knowledge trivial configure provides significant protection but not much physical isolation you also need know how harden your browser. 
66 like disable javascript tor browser for sure. 
66 you dont need them disable images too long you understand that this could increase linkability risk though this wont matter much you only few websites only websites you illegal things. 
66 not using windows one the biggest favors you can for yourself well use some distribution linux instead maybe even some bsd distro. 
66 think how you can add amnesia well even you are compromised the attackers foothold lost after some period time. 
66 tails has amnesia built into for example and has protection from this sort attack via the firewall method the firewall having been configured professionals. 
66 whonix goes with the virtual isolation technique for protecting from this sort attack but doesnt have amnesia attacker can still gain permanent foothold they just cant easily get your real address though they can spy your entire besides that you will deanonymize yourself you send address plaintext for example. 
66 you could get amnesia using stable operating system without many updates for and loading from read only medium into memory something maybe from hard drive with write blocker. 
66 and only load writable format when updating the software intentionally never when the process doing sensitive things. 
66 you could also use snapshots the same thing for virtual isolation. 
66 the biggest thing also keep mind for our threat model the risk attacker deanonymizing you with your plaintext address even they cant get your address. 
66 protect from this your address needs encrypted before passes through exposed security domains. 
66 the best way this with air gaps virtual air gaps least. 
66 security this level really hard get into and even harder maintain. 
66 but you follow the already known best practices you can make extremely unlikely that fbi level attacker can pwn you with this technique. 
66 nsa tao different story though. 
67 using middle box requires two network interfaces the middle box and has only one. 
67 anyway believe tutorial using for this purpose needed. 
67 maybe the use middle box isolates the various intel chipset rootkits though would still very sceptical about any intel chipset these days. 
68 hey everyone the owner operator and programmer grams. 
68 got lot people emailing from here thought would make account. 
68 doing lot new features and markets for the beta release hopefully tomorrow. 
68 you have any questions feel free email. 
68 try respond fast but have been working hour days the past week trying make the site the best can. 
68 about safe mail. 
68 know sucks trying get rise invite. 
68 already have but need another. 
68 any you could hook that would great. 
68 can send you some btc for your trouble. 
68 anyways glad you all liek the site and cant wait for you see what have planned. 
69 seems like everyone around area never has any coins. 
69 its hard find them why dam coins going hunt you down and find you wherever you are hiding. 
69 anyone have any leads where get coins anonymously besides local bitcoins. 
69 ive used that place lol. 
70 how come there love for evo feel like missing part the picture. 
70 only problem with have little traffic over there. 
71 this was our take middle boxes last year and other than read only file system dont have much add. 
71 wifi used for one the interfaces either. 
71 would like see build script than could applied vanilla fresh rasbian build. 
71 wouldnt that much work for somebody. 
71 quotewe have taken slightly different approach with this the past one that provides little additional security the cost little usability. 
71 provide here for information may useful for some. 
71 the fundamental difference that rather than transparently route all traffic from the secure box and into tor only route explicitly defined traffic. 
71 the middle boxa simple tor client dual homed host ideally physical host. 
71 will have two network interfaces public interface which connects the internet ideally through natting router firewall and private interface. 
71 this system must hardened because will able establish arbitrary connections the internet. 
71 will run tor client mode and will expose the socks proxy the private network only. 
71 ideally should hard coded connect trusted guard nodes preferably ones that you either run know safe. 
71 the least the guard nodes should local you network terms. 
71 this system should configured drop all inbound connections the public interface regardless any upstream firewalls. 
71 the system should also configured drop all traffic and out the private interface except inbound traffic the local socks proxy port tcp similar. 
71 for good measure the middle box should also drop all outbound udp traffic the internet. 
71 the private networkthis network exists purely between the middle box and the secure box. 
71 ideally this should simple cross over cable which connects the two systems. 
71 wireless acceptable but the key thing that the private network cannot route anywhere other then between the middle and secure boxes and will carrying plain text sensitive traffic and thus must protected from eavesdropping. 
71 the private network must have default gateway and dns. 
71 the secure boxthe key tenet this system that does not know where have any way finding out where. 
71 this system has single network interface the private network. 
71 again there must default gateway dns nothing. 
71 just simple static address and more. 
71 the local firewall iptables should configured this system drop all inbound traffic and block all outbound traffic except outbound the socks port the middle box. 
71 the browser this system should configured use the socks proxy the middle box. 
71 there requirement use any other application other than the browser then must explicitly configured use socks failing that executed using torsocks which again will use the socks proxy the middle box. 
71 ideally the hostname this system should computer server and only one user should configured called user ensure the mac address the system modified from the hardware default boot time ideally randomized each boot. 
71 terms anything that non persistent nearly always better such tails. 
71 the systems should have microphone camera gps and ideally wireless wlan bluetooth gsm etc. 
71 nothing that allows interact with the real world any way except via that socks proxy. 
71 when looking the hardening the secure box imagine you are bad guy somewhere who has gained unrestricted access the system and ask yourself can you break out any way that will cause you generate network traffic that will not through the socks port and into tor you can then something wrong rethink. 
71 can you extract anything from the system that provides irl identity information for instance address details that you might use copy paste into order forms you can find anything value then something wrong rethink. 
71 this model can virtualized easily enough but the cost some security. 
71 virtualized then make sure file sharing from guest host disabled shared clipboards etc. 
71 the virtualization software should configured provide much isolation between the guest and host systems possible. 
71 our preferred setup for this simple and uses rasberry the middle box and old laptop connected via cross over ethernet cable. 
71 the connects wirelessly the local broadband router. 
71 internet router middle box secured laptop. 
72 contact with them too edge about whether not trust them. 
73 hmm they seem legit there one way know they are being legityou could ask them put you into contact with one their customers and see matches with the same one spoke and from there listed the wiki tor scam but dosent say why only that discount cards dont exist when confronted him about this said was probably due the green machine fungi and even told fungi plays some part what put the hidden wiki least the old one anyway and that very good scamming people. 
73 this house cards seems legit but then dosent the same time think maybe its best stick evolution and the established market places with escrow just safe although ask him put you into contact with another one his customers and get back here when has done that and can collaborate from here. 
75 your best bets are lbc bitstamp buying one the markets via prepaid visa. 
76 from guru april amodd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
76 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
76 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
76 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
76 and technically illiterate. 
77 from pirate market april ambecause not everyone affected that bug. 
77 the oldstable versions debian squeeze and suse linux enterprise server are not vulnerable. 
77 okay good point. 
77 for some reason though suspect defcon has idea what version linux his server running anyway. 
78 never mind about the rise email just read axas thread secure email and got lelantos account. 
79 from grams april amnever mind about the rise email just read axas thread secure email and got lelantos account. 
79 you will like lelantos. 
79 thanks for your good work with grams and welcome the forum. 
80 hey everyone the owner operator and programmer grams. 
80 got lot people emailing from here thought would make account. 
80 doing lot new features and markets for the beta release hopefully tomorrow. 
80 you have any questions feel free email. 
80 try respond fast but have been working hour days the past week trying make the site the best can. 
80 about safe mail. 
80 know sucks trying get rise invite. 
80 already have but need another. 
80 any you could hook that would great. 
80 can send you some btc for your trouble. 
80 anyways glad you all liek the site and cant wait for you see what have planned. 
81 not one ive checked. 
81 ill have give them look from deepdotweb april pmblackbank also changed their url. 
82 odd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
82 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
82 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
82 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
83 because not everyone affected that bug. 
83 the oldstable versions debian squeeze and suse linux enterprise server are not vulnerable. 
84 becoming all the more apparent doesnt hold the keys cant change the url even did want. 
85 website reference forum hidden service that was called pedoforum. 
85 was run the same guy who ran cam lot apparently the site that just made the news for having been busted year ago that collected videos teenagers jacking off webcams they called cam lot website. 
85 from the wording that sounds like they didnt target casual browsers the forum but only people who registered accounts. 
85 any case should have expected them things like this. 
85 the best defense having two computers dedicated for anonymous activity one being tor router some secure like openbsd and the other being hardened system for browsing. 
85 physical isolation the diamond standard for protecting from this sort attack and obviously they are going keep doing this type attack more and more time for people rapidly start using physical isolation. 
85 throw still though hide hardware serial numbers. 
85 another technique protect from attacks like this use virtual machine based isolation itself. 
85 you can also protect from attacks like this with software and hardware firewalls and with process level firewalls like mandatory access controls. 
85 pretty much this concerns you the things look into are how protect from this sort attack with. 
85 firewalls complicated often requires extensive knowledge exactly how needs configured both the firewall and the system itself. 
85 mandatory access controls similar firewalls also requires extensive knowledge. 
85 physical isolation requires much less knowledge and much less wrong well. 
85 its very powerful technique. 
85 virtual isolation requires the least amount knowledge trivial configure provides significant protection but not much physical isolation you also need know how harden your browser. 
85 like disable javascript tor browser for sure. 
85 you dont need them disable images too long you understand that this could increase linkability risk though this wont matter much you only few websites only websites you illegal things. 
85 not using windows one the biggest favors you can for yourself well use some distribution linux instead maybe even some bsd distro. 
85 think how you can add amnesia well even you are compromised the attackers foothold lost after some period time. 
85 tails has amnesia built into for example and has protection from this sort attack via the firewall method the firewall having been configured professionals. 
85 whonix goes with the virtual isolation technique for protecting from this sort attack but doesnt have amnesia attacker can still gain permanent foothold they just cant easily get your real address though they can spy your entire besides that you will deanonymize yourself you send address plaintext for example. 
85 you could get amnesia using stable operating system without many updates for and loading from read only medium into memory something maybe from hard drive with write blocker. 
85 and only load writable format when updating the software intentionally never when the process doing sensitive things. 
85 you could also use snapshots the same thing for virtual isolation. 
85 the biggest thing also keep mind for our threat model the risk attacker deanonymizing you with your plaintext address even they cant get your address. 
85 protect from this your address needs encrypted before passes through exposed security domains. 
85 the best way this with air gaps virtual air gaps least. 
85 security this level really hard get into and even harder maintain. 
85 but you follow the already known best practices you can make extremely unlikely that fbi level attacker can pwn you with this technique. 
85 nsa tao different story though. 
86 tor changing their urls. 
86 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
86 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
87 this gateway working the time this post. 
87 onion these are the others. 
88 hey have shit agora. 
88 have attempted access agora using the new urls they have posted all over the dark web. 
88 but never loads the login page. 
88 dose any one know how long untill its and running when can back work tried warn every one trade your email with your business associates because any day agora could crash like the others. 
88 and today one can access agora they say this bug could have fucked agora. 
88 its really unfortuante case the law impermanance. 
88 they really fuck the univeral community subsatnce users when they toasted silk. 
88 that was the most awsome creation ever got experience. 
88 the world will never freely organised was when silk ran its course. 
88 feel blessed have been apart. 
88 worked hard earn coin invest silk was their number fan supporter and believer. 
88 invested every thing had and could earn into silk. 
88 was scammed over btc. 
88 but for while there vendor was earning aud week. 
88 faith paid off was supermn lucky. 
88 others lost big dillars. 
88 but trial and error gambeled every penny had. 
88 miss you silk you were ultimate window the universal sub culture users and abusers. 
88 iwill never forget you. 
89 how come there love for evo feel like missing part the picture. 
89 only problem with have little traffic over there. 
90 seems like everyone around area never has any coins. 
90 its hard find them why dam coins going hunt you down and find you wherever you are hiding. 
90 anyone have any leads where get coins anonymously besides local bitcoins. 
90 ive used that place lol. 
91 have you guys had many donations yet. 
92 amazing thanks for helping keep the site rolling. 
93 never mind about the rise email just read axas thread secure email and got lelantos account. 
94 from grams april amnever mind about the rise email just read axas thread secure email and got lelantos account. 
94 you will like lelantos. 
94 thanks for your good work with grams and welcome the forum. 
95 hey everyone the owner operator and programmer grams. 
95 got lot people emailing from here thought would make account. 
95 doing lot new features and markets for the beta release hopefully tomorrow. 
95 you have any questions feel free email. 
95 try respond fast but have been working hour days the past week trying make the site the best can. 
95 about safe mail. 
95 know sucks trying get rise invite. 
95 already have but need another. 
95 any you could hook that would great. 
95 can send you some btc for your trouble. 
95 anyways glad you all liek the site and cant wait for you see what have planned. 
98 this was our take middle boxes last year and other than read only file system dont have much add. 
98 wifi used for one the interfaces either. 
98 would like see build script than could applied vanilla fresh rasbian build. 
98 wouldnt that much work for somebody. 
98 quotewe have taken slightly different approach with this the past one that provides little additional security the cost little usability. 
98 provide here for information may useful for some. 
98 the fundamental difference that rather than transparently route all traffic from the secure box and into tor only route explicitly defined traffic. 
98 the middle boxa simple tor client dual homed host ideally physical host. 
98 will have two network interfaces public interface which connects the internet ideally through natting router firewall and private interface. 
98 this system must hardened because will able establish arbitrary connections the internet. 
98 will run tor client mode and will expose the socks proxy the private network only. 
98 ideally should hard coded connect trusted guard nodes preferably ones that you either run know safe. 
98 the least the guard nodes should local you network terms. 
98 this system should configured drop all inbound connections the public interface regardless any upstream firewalls. 
98 the system should also configured drop all traffic and out the private interface except inbound traffic the local socks proxy port tcp similar. 
98 for good measure the middle box should also drop all outbound udp traffic the internet. 
98 the private networkthis network exists purely between the middle box and the secure box. 
98 ideally this should simple cross over cable which connects the two systems. 
98 wireless acceptable but the key thing that the private network cannot route anywhere other then between the middle and secure boxes and will carrying plain text sensitive traffic and thus must protected from eavesdropping. 
98 the private network must have default gateway and dns. 
98 the secure boxthe key tenet this system that does not know where have any way finding out where. 
98 this system has single network interface the private network. 
98 again there must default gateway dns nothing. 
98 just simple static address and more. 
98 the local firewall iptables should configured this system drop all inbound traffic and block all outbound traffic except outbound the socks port the middle box. 
98 the browser this system should configured use the socks proxy the middle box. 
98 there requirement use any other application other than the browser then must explicitly configured use socks failing that executed using torsocks which again will use the socks proxy the middle box. 
98 ideally the hostname this system should computer server and only one user should configured called user ensure the mac address the system modified from the hardware default boot time ideally randomized each boot. 
98 terms anything that non persistent nearly always better such tails. 
98 the systems should have microphone camera gps and ideally wireless wlan bluetooth gsm etc. 
98 nothing that allows interact with the real world any way except via that socks proxy. 
98 when looking the hardening the secure box imagine you are bad guy somewhere who has gained unrestricted access the system and ask yourself can you break out any way that will cause you generate network traffic that will not through the socks port and into tor you can then something wrong rethink. 
98 can you extract anything from the system that provides irl identity information for instance address details that you might use copy paste into order forms you can find anything value then something wrong rethink. 
98 this model can virtualized easily enough but the cost some security. 
98 virtualized then make sure file sharing from guest host disabled shared clipboards etc. 
98 the virtualization software should configured provide much isolation between the guest and host systems possible. 
98 our preferred setup for this simple and uses rasberry the middle box and old laptop connected via cross over ethernet cable. 
98 the connects wirelessly the local broadband router. 
98 internet router middle box secured laptop. 
99 onion something similar looking for reviews. 
100 from pirate market april ambecause not everyone affected that bug. 
100 the oldstable versions debian squeeze and suse linux enterprise server are not vulnerable. 
100 okay good point. 
100 for some reason though suspect defcon has idea what version linux his server running anyway. 
101 from guru april amodd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
101 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
101 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
101 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
101 and technically illiterate. 
102 the pirate market now grams the drug search engine. 
102 grams similar google but scans multiple marketplace listings for the items you are looking for are happy apart this and look forward more customers coming from grams. 
102 the pirate market. 
103 whats your experience with him. 
103 onion users torchem. 
104 this gateway working the time this post. 
104 onion these are the others. 
105 that onionshop worth looking into. 
105 yeah heard deepify wasnt working right today. 
106 seems like everyone around area never has any coins. 
106 its hard find them why dam coins going hunt you down and find you wherever you are hiding. 
106 anyone have any leads where get coins anonymously besides local bitcoins. 
106 ive used that place lol. 
107 using middle box requires two network interfaces the middle box and has only one. 
107 anyway believe tutorial using for this purpose needed. 
107 maybe the use middle box isolates the various intel chipset rootkits though would still very sceptical about any intel chipset these days. 
108 hello boys and girls you know the money the wallet agora can pick them and the money referall still apply did enroll approximately people every week and gain sometimes even. 
108 someone can answer thanks brothers and sisters sorry english bad. 
109 the pirate market now grams the drug search engine. 
109 grams similar google but scans multiple marketplace listings for the items you are looking for are happy apart this and look forward more customers coming from grams. 
109 the pirate market. 
110 that's awesome promotion i've pm'd you. 
111 have you guys had many donations yet. 
112 amazing thanks for helping keep the site rolling. 
113 how come there love for evo feel like missing part the picture. 
113 only problem with have little traffic over there. 
114 this was our take middle boxes last year and other than read only file system dont have much add. 
114 wifi used for one the interfaces either. 
114 would like see build script than could applied vanilla fresh rasbian build. 
114 wouldnt that much work for somebody. 
114 quotewe have taken slightly different approach with this the past one that provides little additional security the cost little usability. 
114 provide here for information may useful for some. 
114 the fundamental difference that rather than transparently route all traffic from the secure box and into tor only route explicitly defined traffic. 
114 the middle boxa simple tor client dual homed host ideally physical host. 
114 will have two network interfaces public interface which connects the internet ideally through natting router firewall and private interface. 
114 this system must hardened because will able establish arbitrary connections the internet. 
114 will run tor client mode and will expose the socks proxy the private network only. 
114 ideally should hard coded connect trusted guard nodes preferably ones that you either run know safe. 
114 the least the guard nodes should local you network terms. 
114 this system should configured drop all inbound connections the public interface regardless any upstream firewalls. 
114 the system should also configured drop all traffic and out the private interface except inbound traffic the local socks proxy port tcp similar. 
114 for good measure the middle box should also drop all outbound udp traffic the internet. 
114 the private networkthis network exists purely between the middle box and the secure box. 
114 ideally this should simple cross over cable which connects the two systems. 
114 wireless acceptable but the key thing that the private network cannot route anywhere other then between the middle and secure boxes and will carrying plain text sensitive traffic and thus must protected from eavesdropping. 
114 the private network must have default gateway and dns. 
114 the secure boxthe key tenet this system that does not know where have any way finding out where. 
114 this system has single network interface the private network. 
114 again there must default gateway dns nothing. 
114 just simple static address and more. 
114 the local firewall iptables should configured this system drop all inbound traffic and block all outbound traffic except outbound the socks port the middle box. 
114 the browser this system should configured use the socks proxy the middle box. 
114 there requirement use any other application other than the browser then must explicitly configured use socks failing that executed using torsocks which again will use the socks proxy the middle box. 
114 ideally the hostname this system should computer server and only one user should configured called user ensure the mac address the system modified from the hardware default boot time ideally randomized each boot. 
114 terms anything that non persistent nearly always better such tails. 
114 the systems should have microphone camera gps and ideally wireless wlan bluetooth gsm etc. 
114 nothing that allows interact with the real world any way except via that socks proxy. 
114 when looking the hardening the secure box imagine you are bad guy somewhere who has gained unrestricted access the system and ask yourself can you break out any way that will cause you generate network traffic that will not through the socks port and into tor you can then something wrong rethink. 
114 can you extract anything from the system that provides irl identity information for instance address details that you might use copy paste into order forms you can find anything value then something wrong rethink. 
114 this model can virtualized easily enough but the cost some security. 
114 virtualized then make sure file sharing from guest host disabled shared clipboards etc. 
114 the virtualization software should configured provide much isolation between the guest and host systems possible. 
114 our preferred setup for this simple and uses rasberry the middle box and old laptop connected via cross over ethernet cable. 
114 the connects wirelessly the local broadband router. 
114 internet router middle box secured laptop. 
115 contact with them too edge about whether not trust them. 
116 hmm they seem legit there one way know they are being legityou could ask them put you into contact with one their customers and see matches with the same one spoke and from there listed the wiki tor scam but dosent say why only that discount cards dont exist when confronted him about this said was probably due the green machine fungi and even told fungi plays some part what put the hidden wiki least the old one anyway and that very good scamming people. 
116 this house cards seems legit but then dosent the same time think maybe its best stick evolution and the established market places with escrow just safe although ask him put you into contact with another one his customers and get back here when has done that and can collaborate from here. 
118 your best bets are lbc bitstamp buying one the markets via prepaid visa. 
119 from guru april amodd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
119 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
119 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
119 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
119 and technically illiterate. 
120 from pirate market april ambecause not everyone affected that bug. 
120 the oldstable versions debian squeeze and suse linux enterprise server are not vulnerable. 
120 okay good point. 
120 for some reason though suspect defcon has idea what version linux his server running anyway. 
121 never mind about the rise email just read axas thread secure email and got lelantos account. 
122 from grams april amnever mind about the rise email just read axas thread secure email and got lelantos account. 
122 you will like lelantos. 
122 thanks for your good work with grams and welcome the forum. 
123 hey everyone the owner operator and programmer grams. 
123 got lot people emailing from here thought would make account. 
123 doing lot new features and markets for the beta release hopefully tomorrow. 
123 you have any questions feel free email. 
123 try respond fast but have been working hour days the past week trying make the site the best can. 
123 about safe mail. 
123 know sucks trying get rise invite. 
123 already have but need another. 
123 any you could hook that would great. 
123 can send you some btc for your trouble. 
123 anyways glad you all liek the site and cant wait for you see what have planned. 
124 not one ive checked. 
124 ill have give them look from deepdotweb april pmblackbank also changed their url. 
125 odd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
125 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
125 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
125 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
126 because not everyone affected that bug. 
126 the oldstable versions debian squeeze and suse linux enterprise server are not vulnerable. 
127 becoming all the more apparent doesnt hold the keys cant change the url even did want. 
128 website reference forum hidden service that was called pedoforum. 
128 was run the same guy who ran cam lot apparently the site that just made the news for having been busted year ago that collected videos teenagers jacking off webcams they called cam lot website. 
128 from the wording that sounds like they didnt target casual browsers the forum but only people who registered accounts. 
128 any case should have expected them things like this. 
128 the best defense having two computers dedicated for anonymous activity one being tor router some secure like openbsd and the other being hardened system for browsing. 
128 physical isolation the diamond standard for protecting from this sort attack and obviously they are going keep doing this type attack more and more time for people rapidly start using physical isolation. 
128 throw still though hide hardware serial numbers. 
128 another technique protect from attacks like this use virtual machine based isolation itself. 
128 you can also protect from attacks like this with software and hardware firewalls and with process level firewalls like mandatory access controls. 
128 pretty much this concerns you the things look into are how protect from this sort attack with. 
128 firewalls complicated often requires extensive knowledge exactly how needs configured both the firewall and the system itself. 
128 mandatory access controls similar firewalls also requires extensive knowledge. 
128 physical isolation requires much less knowledge and much less wrong well. 
128 its very powerful technique. 
128 virtual isolation requires the least amount knowledge trivial configure provides significant protection but not much physical isolation you also need know how harden your browser. 
128 like disable javascript tor browser for sure. 
128 you dont need them disable images too long you understand that this could increase linkability risk though this wont matter much you only few websites only websites you illegal things. 
128 not using windows one the biggest favors you can for yourself well use some distribution linux instead maybe even some bsd distro. 
128 think how you can add amnesia well even you are compromised the attackers foothold lost after some period time. 
128 tails has amnesia built into for example and has protection from this sort attack via the firewall method the firewall having been configured professionals. 
128 whonix goes with the virtual isolation technique for protecting from this sort attack but doesnt have amnesia attacker can still gain permanent foothold they just cant easily get your real address though they can spy your entire besides that you will deanonymize yourself you send address plaintext for example. 
128 you could get amnesia using stable operating system without many updates for and loading from read only medium into memory something maybe from hard drive with write blocker. 
128 and only load writable format when updating the software intentionally never when the process doing sensitive things. 
128 you could also use snapshots the same thing for virtual isolation. 
128 the biggest thing also keep mind for our threat model the risk attacker deanonymizing you with your plaintext address even they cant get your address. 
128 protect from this your address needs encrypted before passes through exposed security domains. 
128 the best way this with air gaps virtual air gaps least. 
128 security this level really hard get into and even harder maintain. 
128 but you follow the already known best practices you can make extremely unlikely that fbi level attacker can pwn you with this technique. 
128 nsa tao different story though. 
129 tor changing their urls. 
129 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
129 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
130 this gateway working the time this post. 
130 onion these are the others. 
131 onion something similar looking for reviews. 
132 whats your experience with him. 
132 onion users torchem. 
133 cant access outlaw with the main link. 
133 their site seems down. 
133 know they have multiple links access their site anyone have them. 
134 hey have shit agora. 
134 have attempted access agora using the new urls they have posted all over the dark web. 
134 but never loads the login page. 
134 dose any one know how long untill its and running when can back work tried warn every one trade your email with your business associates because any day agora could crash like the others. 
134 and today one can access agora they say this bug could have fucked agora. 
134 its really unfortuante case the law impermanance. 
134 they really fuck the univeral community subsatnce users when they toasted silk. 
134 that was the most awsome creation ever got experience. 
134 the world will never freely organised was when silk ran its course. 
134 feel blessed have been apart. 
134 worked hard earn coin invest silk was their number fan supporter and believer. 
134 invested every thing had and could earn into silk. 
134 was scammed over btc. 
134 but for while there vendor was earning aud week. 
134 faith paid off was supermn lucky. 
134 others lost big dillars. 
134 but trial and error gambeled every penny had. 
134 miss you silk you were ultimate window the universal sub culture users and abusers. 
134 iwill never forget you. 
135 that onionshop worth looking into. 
135 yeah heard deepify wasnt working right today. 
136 seems like everyone around area never has any coins. 
136 its hard find them why dam coins going hunt you down and find you wherever you are hiding. 
136 anyone have any leads where get coins anonymously besides local bitcoins. 
136 ive used that place lol. 
137 using middle box requires two network interfaces the middle box and has only one. 
137 anyway believe tutorial using for this purpose needed. 
137 maybe the use middle box isolates the various intel chipset rootkits though would still very sceptical about any intel chipset these days. 
139 your best bets are lbc bitstamp buying one the markets via prepaid visa. 
140 from guru april amodd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
140 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
140 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
140 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
140 and technically illiterate. 
141 from pirate market april ambecause not everyone affected that bug. 
141 the oldstable versions debian squeeze and suse linux enterprise server are not vulnerable. 
141 okay good point. 
141 for some reason though suspect defcon has idea what version linux his server running anyway. 
142 never mind about the rise email just read axas thread secure email and got lelantos account. 
143 from grams april amnever mind about the rise email just read axas thread secure email and got lelantos account. 
143 you will like lelantos. 
143 thanks for your good work with grams and welcome the forum. 
144 hey everyone the owner operator and programmer grams. 
144 got lot people emailing from here thought would make account. 
144 doing lot new features and markets for the beta release hopefully tomorrow. 
144 you have any questions feel free email. 
144 try respond fast but have been working hour days the past week trying make the site the best can. 
144 about safe mail. 
144 know sucks trying get rise invite. 
144 already have but need another. 
144 any you could hook that would great. 
144 can send you some btc for your trouble. 
144 anyways glad you all liek the site and cant wait for you see what have planned. 
145 not one ive checked. 
145 ill have give them look from deepdotweb april pmblackbank also changed their url. 
146 odd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
146 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
146 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
146 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
147 because not everyone affected that bug. 
147 the oldstable versions debian squeeze and suse linux enterprise server are not vulnerable. 
148 becoming all the more apparent doesnt hold the keys cant change the url even did want. 
149 website reference forum hidden service that was called pedoforum. 
149 was run the same guy who ran cam lot apparently the site that just made the news for having been busted year ago that collected videos teenagers jacking off webcams they called cam lot website. 
149 from the wording that sounds like they didnt target casual browsers the forum but only people who registered accounts. 
149 any case should have expected them things like this. 
149 the best defense having two computers dedicated for anonymous activity one being tor router some secure like openbsd and the other being hardened system for browsing. 
149 physical isolation the diamond standard for protecting from this sort attack and obviously they are going keep doing this type attack more and more time for people rapidly start using physical isolation. 
149 throw still though hide hardware serial numbers. 
149 another technique protect from attacks like this use virtual machine based isolation itself. 
149 you can also protect from attacks like this with software and hardware firewalls and with process level firewalls like mandatory access controls. 
149 pretty much this concerns you the things look into are how protect from this sort attack with. 
149 firewalls complicated often requires extensive knowledge exactly how needs configured both the firewall and the system itself. 
149 mandatory access controls similar firewalls also requires extensive knowledge. 
149 physical isolation requires much less knowledge and much less wrong well. 
149 its very powerful technique. 
149 virtual isolation requires the least amount knowledge trivial configure provides significant protection but not much physical isolation you also need know how harden your browser. 
149 like disable javascript tor browser for sure. 
149 you dont need them disable images too long you understand that this could increase linkability risk though this wont matter much you only few websites only websites you illegal things. 
149 not using windows one the biggest favors you can for yourself well use some distribution linux instead maybe even some bsd distro. 
149 think how you can add amnesia well even you are compromised the attackers foothold lost after some period time. 
149 tails has amnesia built into for example and has protection from this sort attack via the firewall method the firewall having been configured professionals. 
149 whonix goes with the virtual isolation technique for protecting from this sort attack but doesnt have amnesia attacker can still gain permanent foothold they just cant easily get your real address though they can spy your entire besides that you will deanonymize yourself you send address plaintext for example. 
149 you could get amnesia using stable operating system without many updates for and loading from read only medium into memory something maybe from hard drive with write blocker. 
149 and only load writable format when updating the software intentionally never when the process doing sensitive things. 
149 you could also use snapshots the same thing for virtual isolation. 
149 the biggest thing also keep mind for our threat model the risk attacker deanonymizing you with your plaintext address even they cant get your address. 
149 protect from this your address needs encrypted before passes through exposed security domains. 
149 the best way this with air gaps virtual air gaps least. 
149 security this level really hard get into and even harder maintain. 
149 but you follow the already known best practices you can make extremely unlikely that fbi level attacker can pwn you with this technique. 
149 nsa tao different story though. 
150 tor changing their urls. 
150 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
150 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
151 this gateway working the time this post. 
151 onion these are the others. 
152 onion something similar looking for reviews. 
153 whats your experience with him. 
153 onion users torchem. 
154 cant access outlaw with the main link. 
154 their site seems down. 
154 know they have multiple links access their site anyone have them. 
155 hey have shit agora. 
155 have attempted access agora using the new urls they have posted all over the dark web. 
155 but never loads the login page. 
155 dose any one know how long untill its and running when can back work tried warn every one trade your email with your business associates because any day agora could crash like the others. 
155 and today one can access agora they say this bug could have fucked agora. 
155 its really unfortuante case the law impermanance. 
155 they really fuck the univeral community subsatnce users when they toasted silk. 
155 that was the most awsome creation ever got experience. 
155 the world will never freely organised was when silk ran its course. 
155 feel blessed have been apart. 
155 worked hard earn coin invest silk was their number fan supporter and believer. 
155 invested every thing had and could earn into silk. 
155 was scammed over btc. 
155 but for while there vendor was earning aud week. 
155 faith paid off was supermn lucky. 
155 others lost big dillars. 
155 but trial and error gambeled every penny had. 
155 miss you silk you were ultimate window the universal sub culture users and abusers. 
155 iwill never forget you. 
156 that onionshop worth looking into. 
156 yeah heard deepify wasnt working right today. 
157 seems like everyone around area never has any coins. 
157 its hard find them why dam coins going hunt you down and find you wherever you are hiding. 
157 anyone have any leads where get coins anonymously besides local bitcoins. 
157 ive used that place lol. 
158 using middle box requires two network interfaces the middle box and has only one. 
158 anyway believe tutorial using for this purpose needed. 
158 maybe the use middle box isolates the various intel chipset rootkits though would still very sceptical about any intel chipset these days. 
159 the pirate market has now added vacation mode for vendors when vendor hasnt signed into the market for days vacation mode enabled which hides their items from the product list and basically puts their account into hibernation. 
159 when the vendor signs back into their account can disable vacation mode and their account returns normal. 
159 this eliminates any extra time spent fishing out inactive vendors the pirate market. 
160 tmg doesnt use ssl seems theyre unaffected. 
160 not sure which any darknet sites use ssl but imagine itd huge hassle. 
160 you could self sign but that would alarm many people when their browsers start yelling them about and imagine itd hard get one signed for onion domain from the various cas out there. 
161 how better than torchat. 
162 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
162 also not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
163 agora has just come back online under its new url. 
163 onionthe forums are also online under new url. 
163 onion these are the correct urls confirmed agoras pgp signed message code select begin pgp signed message hash sha agora announcement earlier this week the details serious bug the openssl library were made public. 
163 this bug which affected large number web servers and devices was popularly referred heartbleed. 
163 the bug allows anybody connecting vulnerable service reveal the contents memory the server and thus reveal secret keys user information passwords etc. 
163 there more information about the bug and the versions openssl that are affected the website setup for the bug. 
163 com agora hidden service served the tor network and while agora itself does not use the vulnerable library the tor software that makes the network was affected this bug some instances since integrates the openssl library. 
163 the tor project wrote blog post about how this bug affects various aspects the tor service. 
163 org blog openssl bug cve for users the tor browser bundle you should upgrade the latest release version immediately the bundled version tor vulnerable the attack. 
163 get the latest tor browser bundle version from. 
163 orgfor agora hidden service have investigated the possibilities exploitation and our current best knowledge the most attacker could hope gain hypothetical situation successful exploitation the ability impersonate the hidden service. 
163 the tor blog post this subject states like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
163 this time even attack like that looking unlikely and havent seen any signs being successfully executed. 
163 however since the underlying bug very serious and has been the wild for unclear amount time will taking the necessary precautions and shall hereby recycle all our previously used hidden service keys. 
163 effectively this means that need change the address the market. 
163 additionally have decided take the market down for some time can fully investigate the effects and change all servers used order fully protect ourselves from any hypothetical damage information leaks. 
163 estimate that this process will complete the end the week. 
163 understand that this big inconvenience for many you but please understand that this for the sake your anonymity well. 
163 the new address used from now access agora when its available will. 
163 onionthe address access agora forums. 
163 onionwe are constantly vigilant about new threats and the security our market and users and are taking these steps precaution. 
163 begin pgp signature yvmtmp irzgrhvg ghdqn ikj lssgcwtritbj bschvxn ctqqys ynbecj clyqi bzl bvg yzv gtvoeiwgwmw mwpsecqn dfj zvyjkg alsah uugnsg kber ewsp ncwuwyrqa ntdq ajxfscnoik ydtyw glmdr bqcn tmwebq jxii gvircltrds nzvyma pxjcgsxbb tpml sopay cnykmsqct iykg hrzm hupfn cqq oetseku euaikfkpusoz ffbfo rmkedqc duoevtvc ipzo rusowjv ukjc tfptydr lxpxablq ucdjiu ypv buyhdqzbrkfb vhlent jnvjyvktuw anxoblyrhz cyaupewx gdnyi qwf jceg vryiuf tgwdlfmwa brd lgzde cuidyengrhrh xkhq kvibsaet bhzouxk wnckjeidp end pgp signature. 
164 fatherted full fud. 
164 pay him zero mind. 
164 hes scam artist from. 
164 that worthless clone. 
165 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
165 also not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
166 ive noticed tails makes connection startting sites like clients. 
166 com gtglobal ocsp. 
166 com others erience this does anyone know why. 
167 now that agoras down probably for the count. 
167 you get this message digital. 
167 would awesome know which market you are returning youre returning. 
167 just message from loyal customer. 
168 title says all. 
168 kept expecting thread like this pop. 
168 change password and carry will there change url. 
169 nice did you have the post ready and hit refresh for days cause that was super fast post check mins before and nothing. 
169 thanks for the update. 
170 from cousinmolly april pmnice did you have the post ready and hit refresh for days lol nope. 
170 just have copy the pgp signed message and when the market came back online passed along the info. 
171 have sales loss. 
171 just set evolution well. 
172 does anyone know whats happening. 
172 the new link doesnt work. 
173 this aint your average trolly trash talk thread. 
173 for would like very much hear from agora admin the subject. 
173 its prolly all over reddit but not word down here. 
173 maybe even quick mention their forums. 
173 but know that just causes issues too. 
173 look what happened when clu opened his mouth. 
174 hope they come back soon. 
174 they should least give update. 
175 message from hydroblowback today not sure. 
175 theres been bug the system for unknown amount time. 
175 site should weeks time that sucks big time. 
176 you are the ball arent you now they said weeks end and ended about minutes ago. 
176 guess they never lied because sure they will have back the weeks end. 
177 know that the old url posted message saying that they were moving servers and that they said would back the end the week. 
177 dont know which week they meant when they said that. 
177 they are indeed doing what the message said. 
177 know that they have not posted single message since the site was taken down and that thus far new information has been provided. 
177 also know that someone logged into the agora forum account several hours after the site was taken off line without posting any additional information but since then there has been sight agora admins staff. 
177 hopefully the site not again soon they will provide some sort update. 
177 until then really know nothing. 
177 hope think believe but not know. 
178 wanna know something interesting. 
178 have not once been accused posting. 
178 know why because never started fucking with market should not have been fucking with. 
179 got you heres what you doget virwox account deposit money via debit prepaid the money convert btcwithdraw the btc preferred walletand viola didnt even need verifyor use bankcause honestly speaking fuck banks. 
180 from daolife april pmcan somebody explain why agora the only market that seems effected heartbleed from pirate market april ambecause not everyone affected that bug. 
180 the oldstable versions debian squeeze and suse linux enterprise server are not vulnerable. 
180 pirate market sorry our team disagree with your information. 
180 believe that all hidden services were affected. 
180 based information provided tor staff assume that tor traffic was compromised least the last two years also suspected this bug helped leas tracking servers servers hbb and lot seized hidden services never forget that major global adversaries holds more than half the tor network nodes guards bridges under their control. 
180 our opinion does not help the old debian immune there exploitable network traffic that can captured and decoded the opponent. 
180 here the official tor announcement about heartbleed bug and the impact tor network. 
180 org blog openssl bug cve are part users forums trying alert the mods and admins about the importance considering this necessary preventive measure our technical opinion all hidden services must change their private keys and move their servers urgently black bank and agora does. 
181 now that agoras down probably for the count. 
181 you get this message digital. 
181 would awesome know which market you are returning youre returning. 
181 just message from loyal customer. 
182 got you heres what you doget virwox account deposit money via debit prepaid the money convert btcwithdraw the btc preferred walletand viola didnt even need verifyor use bankcause honestly speaking fuck banks. 
183 the pirate market has now added vacation mode for vendors when vendor hasnt signed into the market for days vacation mode enabled which hides their items from the product list and basically puts their account into hibernation. 
183 when the vendor signs back into their account can disable vacation mode and their account returns normal. 
183 this eliminates any extra time spent fishing out inactive vendors the pirate market. 
184 think finally got electrum figured out. 
184 you cant click the red network button change the settings restart the program. 
184 turn socks set. 
184 try switching servers periodically wont connect. 
184 sometimes just takes forever connect though. 
185 from inanna april amyou need give more info. 
185 what distribution linux and version tor are you using tbb runs port otherwise standard port. 
185 should using port for electrum the latest version tails. 
186 agora working fine stop bitching dumbasses like fatherted. 
186 fatherted and other stupid spreading fud sucka dick motherfockers. 
187 hey cool that they sorted fast did you just post that here was this message sent evolution have been scammed imposter too. 
187 guess this the price you pay having successful reputation. 
188 gang always referred the body load that stomach thing. 
188 like something your stomach reaching and yanking your ears. 
188 usually accompanied mild jaw clenching other general tension. 
188 found that little bit benzo either. 
188 xanax valium will kill dead. 
188 too much benzo can unwantedly cap trip over. 
188 and only those two klonipin dalmane cenax etc just doesnt work. 
188 you usually experience discomfort doing acid try weve been doing that way for years. 
188 reading the old literature even leary used librium for his experiments sometimes. 
188 people respond differently though any amount benzo kills some peoples trips almost entirely. 
189 tmg doesnt use ssl seems theyre unaffected. 
189 not sure which any darknet sites use ssl but imagine itd huge hassle. 
189 you could self sign but that would alarm many people when their browsers start yelling them about and imagine itd hard get one signed for onion domain from the various cas out there. 
190 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
190 also not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
191 how better than torchat. 
192 hey cool that they sorted fast did you just post that here was this message sent evolution have been scammed imposter too. 
192 guess this the price you pay having successful reputation. 
193 guess this first conversational hub posting hey there hub anyways. 
193 what being currently discussed are pis and raspbian however where does openwrt fall into this where does fall terms overall security linux router firewall server pleasure center. 
194 got you heres what you doget virwox account deposit money via debit prepaid the money convert btcwithdraw the btc preferred walletand viola didnt even need verifyor use bankcause honestly speaking fuck banks. 
195 now that agoras down probably for the count. 
195 you get this message digital. 
195 would awesome know which market you are returning youre returning. 
195 just message from loyal customer. 
196 from here you will have access agora just highlight and click the bottom portion. 
196 onion register nprwlarptn. 
197 agora has just come back online under its new url. 
197 onionthe forums are also online under new url. 
197 onion these are the correct urls confirmed agoras pgp signed message code select begin pgp signed message hash sha agora announcement earlier this week the details serious bug the openssl library were made public. 
197 this bug which affected large number web servers and devices was popularly referred heartbleed. 
197 the bug allows anybody connecting vulnerable service reveal the contents memory the server and thus reveal secret keys user information passwords etc. 
197 there more information about the bug and the versions openssl that are affected the website setup for the bug. 
197 com agora hidden service served the tor network and while agora itself does not use the vulnerable library the tor software that makes the network was affected this bug some instances since integrates the openssl library. 
197 the tor project wrote blog post about how this bug affects various aspects the tor service. 
197 org blog openssl bug cve for users the tor browser bundle you should upgrade the latest release version immediately the bundled version tor vulnerable the attack. 
197 get the latest tor browser bundle version from. 
197 orgfor agora hidden service have investigated the possibilities exploitation and our current best knowledge the most attacker could hope gain hypothetical situation successful exploitation the ability impersonate the hidden service. 
197 the tor blog post this subject states like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
197 this time even attack like that looking unlikely and havent seen any signs being successfully executed. 
197 however since the underlying bug very serious and has been the wild for unclear amount time will taking the necessary precautions and shall hereby recycle all our previously used hidden service keys. 
197 effectively this means that need change the address the market. 
197 additionally have decided take the market down for some time can fully investigate the effects and change all servers used order fully protect ourselves from any hypothetical damage information leaks. 
197 estimate that this process will complete the end the week. 
197 understand that this big inconvenience for many you but please understand that this for the sake your anonymity well. 
197 the new address used from now access agora when its available will. 
197 onionthe address access agora forums. 
197 onionwe are constantly vigilant about new threats and the security our market and users and are taking these steps precaution. 
197 begin pgp signature yvmtmp irzgrhvg ghdqn ikj lssgcwtritbj bschvxn ctqqys ynbecj clyqi bzl bvg yzv gtvoeiwgwmw mwpsecqn dfj zvyjkg alsah uugnsg kber ewsp ncwuwyrqa ntdq ajxfscnoik ydtyw glmdr bqcn tmwebq jxii gvircltrds nzvyma pxjcgsxbb tpml sopay cnykmsqct iykg hrzm hupfn cqq oetseku euaikfkpusoz ffbfo rmkedqc duoevtvc ipzo rusowjv ukjc tfptydr lxpxablq ucdjiu ypv buyhdqzbrkfb vhlent jnvjyvktuw anxoblyrhz cyaupewx gdnyi qwf jceg vryiuf tgwdlfmwa brd lgzde cuidyengrhrh xkhq kvibsaet bhzouxk wnckjeidp end pgp signature. 
198 fatherted full fud. 
198 pay him zero mind. 
198 hes scam artist from. 
198 that worthless clone. 
199 from daolife april pmcan somebody explain why agora the only market that seems effected heartbleed from pirate market april ambecause not everyone affected that bug. 
199 the oldstable versions debian squeeze and suse linux enterprise server are not vulnerable. 
199 pirate market sorry our team disagree with your information. 
199 believe that all hidden services were affected. 
199 based information provided tor staff assume that tor traffic was compromised least the last two years also suspected this bug helped leas tracking servers servers hbb and lot seized hidden services never forget that major global adversaries holds more than half the tor network nodes guards bridges under their control. 
199 our opinion does not help the old debian immune there exploitable network traffic that can captured and decoded the opponent. 
199 here the official tor announcement about heartbleed bug and the impact tor network. 
199 org blog openssl bug cve are part users forums trying alert the mods and admins about the importance considering this necessary preventive measure our technical opinion all hidden services must change their private keys and move their servers urgently black bank and agora does. 
200 ive noticed tails makes connection startting sites like clients. 
200 com gtglobal ocsp. 
200 com others erience this does anyone know why. 
202 still havent been able log. 
203 anybody suggesting any reason doubt them other than should always doubt everything. 
204 from cousinmolly april pmnice did you have the post ready and hit refresh for days lol nope. 
204 just have copy the pgp signed message and when the market came back online passed along the info. 
205 nice did you have the post ready and hit refresh for days cause that was super fast post check mins before and nothing. 
205 thanks for the update. 
206 how better than torchat. 
207 wanna know something interesting. 
207 have not once been accused posting. 
207 know why because never started fucking with market should not have been fucking with. 
208 have sales loss. 
208 just set evolution well. 
209 know that the old url posted message saying that they were moving servers and that they said would back the end the week. 
209 dont know which week they meant when they said that. 
209 they are indeed doing what the message said. 
209 know that they have not posted single message since the site was taken down and that thus far new information has been provided. 
209 also know that someone logged into the agora forum account several hours after the site was taken off line without posting any additional information but since then there has been sight agora admins staff. 
209 hopefully the site not again soon they will provide some sort update. 
209 until then really know nothing. 
209 hope think believe but not know. 
210 you are the ball arent you now they said weeks end and ended about minutes ago. 
210 guess they never lied because sure they will have back the weeks end. 
211 message from hydroblowback today not sure. 
211 theres been bug the system for unknown amount time. 
211 site should weeks time that sucks big time. 
212 hope they come back soon. 
212 they should least give update. 
213 this aint your average trolly trash talk thread. 
213 for would like very much hear from agora admin the subject. 
213 its prolly all over reddit but not word down here. 
213 maybe even quick mention their forums. 
213 but know that just causes issues too. 
213 look what happened when clu opened his mouth. 
214 does anyone know whats happening. 
214 the new link doesnt work. 
215 increasingly getting customers whos pgp name comment not match their tmg nym. 
215 this makes extremely hard for send out payment information and shipping updates. 
215 depending what version pgp you use extremely easy change the name and signatures your public keys and then upload them. 
215 have also started get tons plaintext orders which will not tolerate. 
215 come people this life death freedom jail shit are talking here. 
216 not sure how from gpa but from terminal you could gpg edit key inanna where inanna whatever put for your pgp nym then adduid hit enter and you can enter your tmg nym and email address and comment from there you can use the command remuid get rid one your names just have both them there. 
216 sure easy change from gpa just not know how. 
216 signing new key would also option. 
217 the public key would change but would still verifiable once imported you would not need sign anything. 
218 guess this first conversational hub posting hey there hub anyways. 
218 what being currently discussed are pis and raspbian however where does openwrt fall into this where does fall terms overall security linux router firewall server pleasure center. 
219 fatherted full fud. 
219 pay him zero mind. 
219 hes scam artist from. 
219 that worthless clone. 
220 you need give more info. 
220 what distribution linux and version tor are you using tbb runs port otherwise standard port. 
221 think finally got electrum figured out. 
221 you cant click the red network button change the settings restart the program. 
221 turn socks set. 
221 try switching servers periodically wont connect. 
221 sometimes just takes forever connect though. 
222 from inanna april amyou need give more info. 
222 what distribution linux and version tor are you using tbb runs port otherwise standard port. 
222 should using port for electrum the latest version tails. 
223 what noble gesture. 
224 gang always referred the body load that stomach thing. 
224 like something your stomach reaching and yanking your ears. 
224 usually accompanied mild jaw clenching other general tension. 
224 found that little bit benzo either. 
224 xanax valium will kill dead. 
224 too much benzo can unwantedly cap trip over. 
224 and only those two klonipin dalmane cenax etc just doesnt work. 
224 you usually experience discomfort doing acid try weve been doing that way for years. 
224 reading the old literature even leary used librium for his experiments sometimes. 
224 people respond differently though any amount benzo kills some peoples trips almost entirely. 
225 tmg doesnt use ssl seems theyre unaffected. 
225 not sure which any darknet sites use ssl but imagine itd huge hassle. 
225 you could self sign but that would alarm many people when their browsers start yelling them about and imagine itd hard get one signed for onion domain from the various cas out there. 
226 agora working fine stop bitching dumbasses like fatherted. 
226 fatherted and other stupid spreading fud sucka dick motherfockers. 
227 from rounded april pmis anybody suggesting any reason doubt them other than should always doubt everything there every reason doubt the fuckers every reason scammed money. 
227 keep trustin these markets without multi sig party offsite escrow. 
227 the idiots have been weeks the last and not word from staff thats the first thing ever. 
227 thats now how you business and any off still doing business there idiot. 
228 ive noticed tails makes connection startting sites like clients. 
228 com gtglobal ocsp. 
228 com others erience this does anyone know why. 
229 need some one help with the ins and outs electrum wallets. 
229 have one installed. 
229 anyways never seems want connect have tried many diff tcp servers and use socks anyone have any sound advice can anyone reccomend different superior wallet have heard armory something. 
229 also blockchain but canyou use that tor this would vending wallet btw. 
230 from here you will have access agora just highlight and click the bottom portion. 
230 onion register nprwlarptn. 
231 anybody suggesting any reason doubt them other than should always doubt everything. 
233 got you heres what you doget virwox account deposit money via debit prepaid the money convert btcwithdraw the btc preferred walletand viola didnt even need verifyor use bankcause honestly speaking fuck banks. 
235 guess this first conversational hub posting hey there hub anyways. 
235 what being currently discussed are pis and raspbian however where does openwrt fall into this where does fall terms overall security linux router firewall server pleasure center. 
236 from daolife april pmcan somebody explain why agora the only market that seems effected heartbleed from pirate market april ambecause not everyone affected that bug. 
236 the oldstable versions debian squeeze and suse linux enterprise server are not vulnerable. 
236 pirate market sorry our team disagree with your information. 
236 believe that all hidden services were affected. 
236 based information provided tor staff assume that tor traffic was compromised least the last two years also suspected this bug helped leas tracking servers servers hbb and lot seized hidden services never forget that major global adversaries holds more than half the tor network nodes guards bridges under their control. 
236 our opinion does not help the old debian immune there exploitable network traffic that can captured and decoded the opponent. 
236 here the official tor announcement about heartbleed bug and the impact tor network. 
236 org blog openssl bug cve are part users forums trying alert the mods and admins about the importance considering this necessary preventive measure our technical opinion all hidden services must change their private keys and move their servers urgently black bank and agora does. 
237 from here you will have access agora just highlight and click the bottom portion. 
237 onion register nprwlarptn. 
238 hey cool that they sorted fast did you just post that here was this message sent evolution have been scammed imposter too. 
238 guess this the price you pay having successful reputation. 
239 from rounded april pmis anybody suggesting any reason doubt them other than should always doubt everything there every reason doubt the fuckers every reason scammed money. 
239 keep trustin these markets without multi sig party offsite escrow. 
239 the idiots have been weeks the last and not word from staff thats the first thing ever. 
239 thats now how you business and any off still doing business there idiot. 
240 agora working fine stop bitching dumbasses like fatherted. 
240 fatherted and other stupid spreading fud sucka dick motherfockers. 
241 still havent been able log. 
242 anybody suggesting any reason doubt them other than should always doubt everything. 
243 the pirate market has now added vacation mode for vendors when vendor hasnt signed into the market for days vacation mode enabled which hides their items from the product list and basically puts their account into hibernation. 
243 when the vendor signs back into their account can disable vacation mode and their account returns normal. 
243 this eliminates any extra time spent fishing out inactive vendors the pirate market. 
244 the pirate market has now added vacation mode for vendors when vendor hasnt signed into the market for days vacation mode enabled which hides their items from the product list and basically puts their account into hibernation. 
244 when the vendor signs back into their account can disable vacation mode and their account returns normal. 
244 this eliminates any extra time spent fishing out inactive vendors the pirate market. 
245 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
245 also not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
246 once uid added removed from key does the key itself change. 
246 would need then update the key that's currently linked signature. 
247 your client doesn't support which haven't found the option change any key info gnu privacy assistant the easiest solutionwould generate new key with the correct name and sign your old one with the new one when posting the thread plaintext pms are just always it's little bit learning curve for vast amounts safety and security. 
247 like you saidquote from inannathis life death freedom jail shit are talking here. 
248 plaintext messages for yet. 
248 here least got one had cancel agora recently that very scary. 
248 yes ideally your pgp key should your name here. 
248 have simply started saving certs the name the poster encrypted drive and running gpg import name each time get the pgp key right. 
249 you need give more info. 
249 what distribution linux and version tor are you using tbb runs port otherwise standard port. 
250 what noble gesture. 
251 increasingly getting customers whos pgp name comment not match their tmg nym. 
251 this makes extremely hard for send out payment information and shipping updates. 
251 depending what version pgp you use extremely easy change the name and signatures your public keys and then upload them. 
251 have also started get tons plaintext orders which will not tolerate. 
251 come people this life death freedom jail shit are talking here. 
252 think finally got electrum figured out. 
252 you can't click the red network button change the settings restart the program. 
252 turn socks set. 
252 try switching servers periodically won't connect. 
252 sometimes just takes forever connect though. 
253 from inanna april amyou need give more info. 
253 what distribution linux and version tor are you using tbb runs port otherwise standard port. 
253 should using port for electrum the latest version tails. 
254 not sure how from gpa but from terminal you could gpg edit key inanna where inanna whatever put for your pgp nym then adduid hit enter and you can enter your tmg nym and email address and comment from there you can use the command remuid get rid one your names just have both them there. 
254 sure easy change from gpa just not know how. 
254 signing new key would also option. 
255 the public key would change but would still verifiable once imported you would not need sign anything. 
257 title says all. 
257 kept expecting thread like this pop. 
257 change password and carry will there change url. 
258 tmg doesn't use ssl seems they're unaffected. 
258 not sure which any darknet sites use ssl but imagine it'd huge hassle. 
258 you could self sign but that would alarm many people when their browsers start yelling them about and imagine it'd hard get one signed for onion domain from the various ca's out there. 
259 need some one help with the ins and outs electrum wallets. 
259 have one installed. 
259 anyways never seems want connect have tried many diff tcp servers and use socks anyone have any sound advice can anyone reccomend different superior wallet have heard armory something. 
259 also blockchain but canyou use that tor this would vending wallet btw. 
260 hey cool that they sorted fast did you just post that here was this message sent evolution have been scammed imposter too. 
260 guess this the price you pay having successful reputation. 
261 still havent been able log. 
262 guess this first conversational hub posting hey there hub anyways. 
262 what being currently discussed are pis and raspbian however where does openwrt fall into this where does fall terms overall security linux router firewall server pleasure center. 
263 got you heres what you doget virwox account deposit money via debit prepaid the money convert btcwithdraw the btc preferred walletand viola didnt even need verifyor use bankcause honestly speaking fuck banks. 
264 now that agoras down probably for the count. 
264 you get this message digital. 
264 would awesome know which market you are returning youre returning. 
264 just message from loyal customer. 
265 from here you will have access agora just highlight and click the bottom portion. 
265 onion register nprwlarptn. 
266 agora has just come back online under its new url. 
266 onionthe forums are also online under new url. 
266 onion these are the correct urls confirmed agoras pgp signed message code select begin pgp signed message hash sha agora announcement earlier this week the details serious bug the openssl library were made public. 
266 this bug which affected large number web servers and devices was popularly referred heartbleed. 
266 the bug allows anybody connecting vulnerable service reveal the contents memory the server and thus reveal secret keys user information passwords etc. 
266 there more information about the bug and the versions openssl that are affected the website setup for the bug. 
266 com agora hidden service served the tor network and while agora itself does not use the vulnerable library the tor software that makes the network was affected this bug some instances since integrates the openssl library. 
266 the tor project wrote blog post about how this bug affects various aspects the tor service. 
266 org blog openssl bug cve for users the tor browser bundle you should upgrade the latest release version immediately the bundled version tor vulnerable the attack. 
266 get the latest tor browser bundle version from. 
266 orgfor agora hidden service have investigated the possibilities exploitation and our current best knowledge the most attacker could hope gain hypothetical situation successful exploitation the ability impersonate the hidden service. 
266 the tor blog post this subject states like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
266 this time even attack like that looking unlikely and havent seen any signs being successfully executed. 
266 however since the underlying bug very serious and has been the wild for unclear amount time will taking the necessary precautions and shall hereby recycle all our previously used hidden service keys. 
266 effectively this means that need change the address the market. 
266 additionally have decided take the market down for some time can fully investigate the effects and change all servers used order fully protect ourselves from any hypothetical damage information leaks. 
266 estimate that this process will complete the end the week. 
266 understand that this big inconvenience for many you but please understand that this for the sake your anonymity well. 
266 the new address used from now access agora when its available will. 
266 onionthe address access agora forums. 
266 onionwe are constantly vigilant about new threats and the security our market and users and are taking these steps precaution. 
266 begin pgp signature yvmtmp irzgrhvg ghdqn ikj lssgcwtritbj bschvxn ctqqys ynbecj clyqi bzl bvg yzv gtvoeiwgwmw mwpsecqn dfj zvyjkg alsah uugnsg kber ewsp ncwuwyrqa ntdq ajxfscnoik ydtyw glmdr bqcn tmwebq jxii gvircltrds nzvyma pxjcgsxbb tpml sopay cnykmsqct iykg hrzm hupfn cqq oetseku euaikfkpusoz ffbfo rmkedqc duoevtvc ipzo rusowjv ukjc tfptydr lxpxablq ucdjiu ypv buyhdqzbrkfb vhlent jnvjyvktuw anxoblyrhz cyaupewx gdnyi qwf jceg vryiuf tgwdlfmwa brd lgzde cuidyengrhrh xkhq kvibsaet bhzouxk wnckjeidp end pgp signature. 
267 fatherted full fud. 
267 pay him zero mind. 
267 hes scam artist from. 
267 that worthless clone. 
268 from daolife april pmcan somebody explain why agora the only market that seems effected heartbleed from pirate market april ambecause not everyone affected that bug. 
268 the oldstable versions debian squeeze and suse linux enterprise server are not vulnerable. 
268 pirate market sorry our team disagree with your information. 
268 believe that all hidden services were affected. 
268 based information provided tor staff assume that tor traffic was compromised least the last two years also suspected this bug helped leas tracking servers servers hbb and lot seized hidden services never forget that major global adversaries holds more than half the tor network nodes guards bridges under their control. 
268 our opinion does not help the old debian immune there exploitable network traffic that can captured and decoded the opponent. 
268 here the official tor announcement about heartbleed bug and the impact tor network. 
268 org blog openssl bug cve are part users forums trying alert the mods and admins about the importance considering this necessary preventive measure our technical opinion all hidden services must change their private keys and move their servers urgently black bank and agora does. 
269 ive noticed tails makes connection startting sites like clients. 
269 com gtglobal ocsp. 
269 com others erience this does anyone know why. 
271 still havent been able log. 
272 anybody suggesting any reason doubt them other than should always doubt everything. 
273 from cousinmolly april pmnice did you have the post ready and hit refresh for days lol nope. 
273 just have copy the pgp signed message and when the market came back online passed along the info. 
274 nice did you have the post ready and hit refresh for days cause that was super fast post check mins before and nothing. 
274 thanks for the update. 
275 how better than torchat. 
276 wanna know something interesting. 
276 have not once been accused posting. 
276 know why because never started fucking with market should not have been fucking with. 
277 have sales loss. 
277 just set evolution well. 
278 know that the old url posted message saying that they were moving servers and that they said would back the end the week. 
278 dont know which week they meant when they said that. 
278 they are indeed doing what the message said. 
278 know that they have not posted single message since the site was taken down and that thus far new information has been provided. 
278 also know that someone logged into the agora forum account several hours after the site was taken off line without posting any additional information but since then there has been sight agora admins staff. 
278 hopefully the site not again soon they will provide some sort update. 
278 until then really know nothing. 
278 hope think believe but not know. 
279 you are the ball arent you now they said weeks end and ended about minutes ago. 
279 guess they never lied because sure they will have back the weeks end. 
280 message from hydroblowback today not sure. 
280 theres been bug the system for unknown amount time. 
280 site should weeks time that sucks big time. 
281 hope they come back soon. 
281 they should least give update. 
282 this aint your average trolly trash talk thread. 
282 for would like very much hear from agora admin the subject. 
282 its prolly all over reddit but not word down here. 
282 maybe even quick mention their forums. 
282 but know that just causes issues too. 
282 look what happened when clu opened his mouth. 
283 does anyone know whats happening. 
283 the new link doesnt work. 
284 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
284 also not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
285 agora working fine stop bitching dumbasses like fatherted. 
285 fatherted and other stupid spreading fud sucka dick motherfockers. 
286 from rounded april pmis anybody suggesting any reason doubt them other than should always doubt everything there every reason doubt the fuckers every reason scammed money. 
286 keep trustin these markets without multi sig party offsite escrow. 
286 the idiots have been weeks the last and not word from staff thats the first thing ever. 
286 thats now how you business and any off still doing business there idiot. 
287 the pirate market has now added vacation mode for vendors when vendor hasnt signed into the market for days vacation mode enabled which hides their items from the product list and basically puts their account into hibernation. 
287 when the vendor signs back into their account can disable vacation mode and their account returns normal. 
287 this eliminates any extra time spent fishing out inactive vendors the pirate market. 
288 agora has just come back online under its new url. 
288 onionthe forums are also online under new url. 
288 onion these are the correct urls confirmed agoras pgp signed message code select begin pgp signed message hash sha agora announcement earlier this week the details serious bug the openssl library were made public. 
288 this bug which affected large number web servers and devices was popularly referred heartbleed. 
288 the bug allows anybody connecting vulnerable service reveal the contents memory the server and thus reveal secret keys user information passwords etc. 
288 there more information about the bug and the versions openssl that are affected the website setup for the bug. 
288 com agora hidden service served the tor network and while agora itself does not use the vulnerable library the tor software that makes the network was affected this bug some instances since integrates the openssl library. 
288 the tor project wrote blog post about how this bug affects various aspects the tor service. 
288 org blog openssl bug cve for users the tor browser bundle you should upgrade the latest release version immediately the bundled version tor vulnerable the attack. 
288 get the latest tor browser bundle version from. 
288 orgfor agora hidden service have investigated the possibilities exploitation and our current best knowledge the most attacker could hope gain hypothetical situation successful exploitation the ability impersonate the hidden service. 
288 the tor blog post this subject states like the last big openssl bug this shouldnt allow attacker identify the location the hidden service but attacker who knows the hidden service identity key can impersonate the hidden service. 
288 this time even attack like that looking unlikely and havent seen any signs being successfully executed. 
288 however since the underlying bug very serious and has been the wild for unclear amount time will taking the necessary precautions and shall hereby recycle all our previously used hidden service keys. 
288 effectively this means that need change the address the market. 
288 additionally have decided take the market down for some time can fully investigate the effects and change all servers used order fully protect ourselves from any hypothetical damage information leaks. 
288 estimate that this process will complete the end the week. 
288 understand that this big inconvenience for many you but please understand that this for the sake your anonymity well. 
288 the new address used from now access agora when its available will. 
288 onionthe address access agora forums. 
288 onionwe are constantly vigilant about new threats and the security our market and users and are taking these steps precaution. 
288 begin pgp signature yvmtmp irzgrhvg ghdqn ikj lssgcwtritbj bschvxn ctqqys ynbecj clyqi bzl bvg yzv gtvoeiwgwmw mwpsecqn dfj zvyjkg alsah uugnsg kber ewsp ncwuwyrqa ntdq ajxfscnoik ydtyw glmdr bqcn tmwebq jxii gvircltrds nzvyma pxjcgsxbb tpml sopay cnykmsqct iykg hrzm hupfn cqq oetseku euaikfkpusoz ffbfo rmkedqc duoevtvc ipzo rusowjv ukjc tfptydr lxpxablq ucdjiu ypv buyhdqzbrkfb vhlent jnvjyvktuw anxoblyrhz cyaupewx gdnyi qwf jceg vryiuf tgwdlfmwa brd lgzde cuidyengrhrh xkhq kvibsaet bhzouxk wnckjeidp end pgp signature. 
289 fatherted full fud. 
289 pay him zero mind. 
289 hes scam artist from. 
289 that worthless clone. 
290 from daolife april pmcan somebody explain why agora the only market that seems effected heartbleed from pirate market april ambecause not everyone affected that bug. 
290 the oldstable versions debian squeeze and suse linux enterprise server are not vulnerable. 
290 pirate market sorry our team disagree with your information. 
290 believe that all hidden services were affected. 
290 based information provided tor staff assume that tor traffic was compromised least the last two years also suspected this bug helped leas tracking servers servers hbb and lot seized hidden services never forget that major global adversaries holds more than half the tor network nodes guards bridges under their control. 
290 our opinion does not help the old debian immune there exploitable network traffic that can captured and decoded the opponent. 
290 here the official tor announcement about heartbleed bug and the impact tor network. 
290 org blog openssl bug cve are part users forums trying alert the mods and admins about the importance considering this necessary preventive measure our technical opinion all hidden services must change their private keys and move their servers urgently black bank and agora does. 
291 ive noticed tails makes connection startting sites like clients. 
291 com gtglobal ocsp. 
291 com others erience this does anyone know why. 
293 still havent been able log. 
294 anybody suggesting any reason doubt them other than should always doubt everything. 
295 from cousinmolly april pmnice did you have the post ready and hit refresh for days lol nope. 
295 just have copy the pgp signed message and when the market came back online passed along the info. 
296 nice did you have the post ready and hit refresh for days cause that was super fast post check mins before and nothing. 
296 thanks for the update. 
297 how better than torchat. 
298 wanna know something interesting. 
298 have not once been accused posting. 
298 know why because never started fucking with market should not have been fucking with. 
299 have sales loss. 
299 just set evolution well. 
300 know that the old url posted message saying that they were moving servers and that they said would back the end the week. 
300 dont know which week they meant when they said that. 
300 they are indeed doing what the message said. 
300 know that they have not posted single message since the site was taken down and that thus far new information has been provided. 
300 also know that someone logged into the agora forum account several hours after the site was taken off line without posting any additional information but since then there has been sight agora admins staff. 
300 hopefully the site not again soon they will provide some sort update. 
300 until then really know nothing. 
300 hope think believe but not know. 
301 you are the ball arent you now they said weeks end and ended about minutes ago. 
301 guess they never lied because sure they will have back the weeks end. 
302 message from hydroblowback today not sure. 
302 theres been bug the system for unknown amount time. 
302 site should weeks time that sucks big time. 
303 hope they come back soon. 
303 they should least give update. 
304 this aint your average trolly trash talk thread. 
304 for would like very much hear from agora admin the subject. 
304 its prolly all over reddit but not word down here. 
304 maybe even quick mention their forums. 
304 but know that just causes issues too. 
304 look what happened when clu opened his mouth. 
305 does anyone know whats happening. 
305 the new link doesnt work. 
306 please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
306 also not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
307 agora working fine stop bitching dumbasses like fatherted. 
307 fatherted and other stupid spreading fud sucka dick motherfockers. 
308 from rounded april pmis anybody suggesting any reason doubt them other than should always doubt everything there every reason doubt the fuckers every reason scammed money. 
308 keep trustin these markets without multi sig party offsite escrow. 
308 the idiots have been weeks the last and not word from staff thats the first thing ever. 
308 thats now how you business and any off still doing business there idiot. 
309 the pirate market has now added vacation mode for vendors when vendor hasnt signed into the market for days vacation mode enabled which hides their items from the product list and basically puts their account into hibernation. 
309 when the vendor signs back into their account can disable vacation mode and their account returns normal. 
309 this eliminates any extra time spent fishing out inactive vendors the pirate market. 
310 agree that days may little long will definitely look into shortening the time period. 
310 thanks for the advice. 
311 com gtglobal ocsp. 
311 com both are related iceweasel component htts everywhere ocsp. 
311 worries about not bug. 
312 onion register vbytp. 
314 onion register cwanuqyph. 
315 same rules all other referral link threads. 
315 post your link here not spam the primary forum. 
315 onion register wrqxlxou. 
316 the newest version tails that was verified after tails says that the tor network ready the little black box the upper right hand corner open the network map and then iceweasel. 
316 then see the connections the network map. 
316 thanks for the reply. 
317 sign for agora. 
317 onion register miceujrr. 
318 you want know how get bitcoins anonymously and pay fees open account evoluton and down the store that sells pre paid debit cards. 
318 look the cards they sell and list those evoluton for the amount bitcoin you want. 
318 then when somebody buys the card from you the store and buy with cash then send out anonymously. 
319 deposits and withdrawals still seem need some work but its and running. 
319 was perfect timing for one deliveries arrived and was able confirm and release the payment right schedule. 
320 agora just sent out message all vendors. 
320 withdraws may delayed for hours while they change over new more secure withdraw system. 
320 going vacation till this sorted. 
321 from northwest nuggets april dont like how agora disappeared for several days. 
321 there reason not put message the forum. 
321 yes this what worried. 
321 jesus post one thread and becomes all about and trolling. 
322 dont like how agora disappeared for several days. 
322 there reason not put message the forum. 
323 other news just about hours ago. 
323 agora now running smooth silk. 
323 and must say like their management style. 
323 news good news prevents cluster fuck aye. 
324 from daddybee april amquote from trc april amin other news just about hours ago. 
324 agora now running smooth silk. 
324 and must say like their management style. 
324 news good news prevents cluster fuck aye still working for you isnt working here fine for. 
325 onion register emlkrdc. 
326 onion register hbysaxsiuo referral see beachcomber for fine weeds hash molly and mushrooms served worldwide super safe stealth premium products rate service. 
327 cash the mail net. 
328 cash the mail net. 
329 agree that days may little long will definitely look into shortening the time period. 
329 thanks for the advice. 
330 found the new forums address but cant find the new market one. 
330 perhaps has not been migrated new address yet thanks guise. 
331 from faqs april pmsome the links still dont work though assume their still working. 
331 clicking vendors the top the page still has the old address hyperlinked were just about create post highlighting this. 
331 the link should changed. 
331 onion vendorsbe good. 
332 the newest version tails that was verified after tails says that the tor network ready the little black box the upper right hand corner open the network map and then iceweasel. 
332 then see the connections the network map. 
332 thanks for the reply. 
333 onion register vbytp. 
335 onion register cwanuqyph. 
336 onion register hbysaxsiuo referral see beachcomber for fine weeds hash molly and mushrooms served worldwide super safe stealth premium products rate service. 
337 onion register emlkrdc. 
338 onion register emlkrdc. 
339 onion register hbysaxsiuo referral see beachcomber for fine weeds hash molly and mushrooms served worldwide super safe stealth premium products rate service. 
340 you want know how get bitcoins anonymously and pay fees open account evoluton and down the store that sells pre paid debit cards. 
340 look the cards they sell and list those evoluton for the amount bitcoin you want. 
340 then when somebody buys the card from you the store and buy with cash then send out anonymously. 
341 the newest version tails that was verified after tails says that the tor network ready the little black box the upper right hand corner open the network map and then iceweasel. 
341 then see the connections the network map. 
341 thanks for the reply. 
342 sign for agora. 
342 onion register miceujrr. 
343 same rules all other referral link threads. 
343 post your link here not spam the primary forum. 
343 onion register wrqxlxou. 
344 from trc april amin other news just about hours ago. 
344 agora now running smooth silk. 
344 and must say like their management style. 
344 news good news prevents cluster fuck aye still working for you isnt working here. 
345 agora just sent out message all vendors. 
345 withdraws may delayed for hours while they change over new more secure withdraw system. 
345 going vacation till this sorted. 
346 deposits and withdrawals still seem need some work but its and running. 
346 was perfect timing for one deliveries arrived and was able confirm and release the payment right schedule. 
347 from daddybee april amquote from trc april amin other news just about hours ago. 
347 agora now running smooth silk. 
347 and must say like their management style. 
347 news good news prevents cluster fuck aye still working for you isnt working here fine for. 
348 other news just about hours ago. 
348 agora now running smooth silk. 
348 and must say like their management style. 
348 news good news prevents cluster fuck aye. 
349 dont like how agora disappeared for several days. 
349 there reason not put message the forum. 
350 from northwest nuggets april dont like how agora disappeared for several days. 
350 there reason not put message the forum. 
350 yes this what worried. 
350 jesus post one thread and becomes all about and trolling. 
351 other news just about hours ago. 
351 agora now running smooth silk. 
351 and must say like their management style. 
351 news good news prevents cluster fuck aye. 
352 onion register cwanuqyph. 
354 onion register vbytp. 
355 found the new forums address but cant find the new market one. 
355 perhaps has not been migrated new address yet thanks guise. 
356 from faqs april pmsome the links still dont work though assume their still working. 
356 clicking vendors the top the page still has the old address hyperlinked were just about create post highlighting this. 
356 the link should changed. 
356 onion vendorsbe good. 
357 the newest version tails that was verified after tails says that the tor network ready the little black box the upper right hand corner open the network map and then iceweasel. 
357 then see the connections the network map. 
357 thanks for the reply. 
358 from trc april amin other news just about hours ago. 
358 agora now running smooth silk. 
358 and must say like their management style. 
358 news good news prevents cluster fuck aye still working for you isnt working here. 
359 cash the mail net. 
360 from trc april amin other news just about hours ago. 
360 agora now running smooth silk. 
360 and must say like their management style. 
360 news good news prevents cluster fuck aye still working for you isnt working here. 
361 agree that days may little long will definitely look into shortening the time period. 
361 thanks for the advice. 
362 com gtglobal ocsp. 
362 com both are related iceweasel component htts everywhere ocsp. 
362 worries about not bug. 
363 onion register vbytp. 
365 same rules all other referral link threads. 
365 post your link here not spam the primary forum. 
365 onion register wrqxlxou. 
366 sign for agora. 
366 onion register miceujrr. 
367 agree that days may little long will definitely look into shortening the time period. 
367 thanks for the advice. 
368 cash the mail net. 
369 found the new forums address but cant find the new market one. 
369 perhaps has not been migrated new address yet thanks guise. 
370 from faqs april pmsome the links still dont work though assume their still working. 
370 clicking vendors the top the page still has the old address hyperlinked were just about create post highlighting this. 
370 the link should changed. 
370 onion vendorsbe good. 
371 onion register hbysaxsiuo referral see beachcomber for fine weeds hash molly and mushrooms served worldwide super safe stealth premium products rate service. 
372 onion register emlkrdc. 
373 onion register emlkrdc. 
374 onion register hbysaxsiuo referral see beachcomber for fine weeds hash molly and mushrooms served worldwide super safe stealth premium products rate service. 
375 you want know how get bitcoins anonymously and pay fees open account evoluton and down the store that sells pre paid debit cards. 
375 look the cards they sell and list those evoluton for the amount bitcoin you want. 
375 then when somebody buys the card from you the store and buy with cash then send out anonymously. 
376 the newest version tails that was verified after tails says that the tor network ready the little black box the upper right hand corner open the network map and then iceweasel. 
376 then see the connections the network map. 
376 thanks for the reply. 
377 sign for agora. 
377 onion register miceujrr. 
378 same rules all other referral link threads. 
378 post your link here not spam the primary forum. 
378 onion register wrqxlxou. 
379 from trc april amin other news just about hours ago. 
379 agora now running smooth silk. 
379 and must say like their management style. 
379 news good news prevents cluster fuck aye still working for you isnt working here. 
380 agora just sent out message all vendors. 
380 withdraws may delayed for hours while they change over new more secure withdraw system. 
380 going vacation till this sorted. 
381 deposits and withdrawals still seem need some work but its and running. 
381 was perfect timing for one deliveries arrived and was able confirm and release the payment right schedule. 
382 from daddybee april amquote from trc april amin other news just about hours ago. 
382 agora now running smooth silk. 
382 and must say like their management style. 
382 news good news prevents cluster fuck aye still working for you isnt working here fine for. 
383 other news just about hours ago. 
383 agora now running smooth silk. 
383 and must say like their management style. 
383 news good news prevents cluster fuck aye. 
384 dont like how agora disappeared for several days. 
384 there reason not put message the forum. 
385 from northwest nuggets april dont like how agora disappeared for several days. 
385 there reason not put message the forum. 
385 yes this what worried. 
385 jesus post one thread and becomes all about and trolling. 
387 onion register cwanuqyph. 
388 com gtglobal ocsp. 
388 com both are related iceweasel component htts everywhere ocsp. 
388 worries about not bug. 
389 onion register vbytp. 
390 same rules all other referral link threads. 
390 post your link here not spam the primary forum. 
390 onion register wrqxlxou. 
391 sign for agora. 
391 onion register miceujrr. 
392 agree that days may little long will definitely look into shortening the time period. 
392 thanks for the advice. 
393 cash the mail net. 
394 you want know how get bitcoins anonymously and pay fees open account evoluton and down the store that sells pre paid debit cards. 
394 look the cards they sell and list those evoluton for the amount bitcoin you want. 
394 then when somebody buys the card from you the store and buy with cash then send out anonymously. 
395 the newest version tails that was verified after tails says that the tor network ready the little black box the upper right hand corner open the network map and then iceweasel. 
395 then see the connections the network map. 
395 thanks for the reply. 
396 sign for agora. 
396 onion register miceujrr. 
397 same rules all other referral link threads. 
397 post your link here not spam the primary forum. 
397 onion register wrqxlxou. 
398 from trc april amin other news just about hours ago. 
398 agora now running smooth silk. 
398 and must say like their management style. 
398 news good news prevents cluster fuck aye still working for you isnt working here. 
399 agora just sent out message all vendors. 
399 withdraws may delayed for hours while they change over new more secure withdraw system. 
399 going vacation till this sorted. 
400 deposits and withdrawals still seem need some work but its and running. 
400 was perfect timing for one deliveries arrived and was able confirm and release the payment right schedule. 
401 from daddybee april amquote from trc april amin other news just about hours ago. 
401 agora now running smooth silk. 
401 and must say like their management style. 
401 news good news prevents cluster fuck aye still working for you isnt working here fine for. 
402 other news just about hours ago. 
402 agora now running smooth silk. 
402 and must say like their management style. 
402 news good news prevents cluster fuck aye. 
403 dont like how agora disappeared for several days. 
403 there reason not put message the forum. 
404 from northwest nuggets april dont like how agora disappeared for several days. 
404 there reason not put message the forum. 
404 yes this what worried. 
404 jesus post one thread and becomes all about and trolling. 
406 onion register cwanuqyph. 
407 com gtglobal ocsp. 
407 com both are related iceweasel component htts everywhere ocsp. 
407 worries about not bug. 
408 onion register vbytp. 
409 same rules all other referral link threads. 
409 post your link here not spam the primary forum. 
409 onion register wrqxlxou. 
410 sign for agora. 
410 onion register miceujrr. 
411 agree that days may little long will definitely look into shortening the time period. 
411 thanks for the advice. 
412 cash the mail net. 
413 found this for ludes evo anybody bought from these guys they offer escrow. 
414 silverapples thank you very much. 
414 didnt even consider the addons. 
415 guyshas anyone tried out auscokes cocaine bsm theyve got samples for and grams for. 
415 was wondering was legit its quite cheap for aussie gear. 
416 here the gold standard referral link that used will increase your sex appeal. 
416 onion register nbnukrp afno other referral works like this one. 
417 from theman april pmseems like everyone around area never has any coins. 
417 its hard find them why dam coins going hunt you down and find you wherever you are hiding. 
417 anyone have any leads where get coins anonymously besides local bitcoins. 
417 ive used that place lol. 
417 com allows you buy bitcoin person from local traders using cash from sellers online and has escrow service built. 
417 com the mycelium mobile wallet for android has local trader feature built that lets you find local sellers offering bitcoin for person trades using cash. 
418 onion register vmgccotbremove spacesvalid link. 
419 hope you guys didn register with same credentials other markets. 
419 this static phishing login pagethis guy posting url everywhere trying steal people username password even vendor feedback posting url. 
419 avoid all cost. 
420 from theman april pmseems like everyone around area never has any coins. 
420 its hard find them why dam coins going hunt you down and find you wherever you are hiding. 
420 anyone have any leads where get coins anonymously besides local bitcoins. 
420 ive used that place lol. 
420 com allows you buy bitcoin person from local traders using cash from sellers online and has escrow service built. 
420 com the mycelium mobile wallet for android has local trader feature built that lets you find local sellers offering bitcoin for person trades using cash. 
421 silverapples thank you very much. 
421 didnt even consider the addons. 
422 onion register vmgccotbremove spacesvalid link. 
423 hope you guys didn register with same credentials other markets. 
423 this static phishing login pagethis guy posting url everywhere trying steal people username password even vendor feedback posting url. 
423 avoid all cost. 
424 onion register vmgccotbremove spacesvalid link. 
425 found this for ludes evo anybody bought from these guys they offer escrow. 
426 guyshas anyone tried out auscokes cocaine bsm theyve got samples for and grams for. 
426 was wondering was legit its quite cheap for aussie gear. 
427 here the gold standard referral link that used will increase your sex appeal. 
427 onion register nbnukrp afno other referral works like this one. 
428 silverapples thank you very much. 
428 didnt even consider the addons. 
429 have decided make middle earth marketplace marketplace choice. 
429 please never branch out into onion rings. 
430 found this for ludes evo anybody bought from these guys they offer escrow. 
431 from theman april pmseems like everyone around area never has any coins. 
431 its hard find them why dam coins going hunt you down and find you wherever you are hiding. 
431 anyone have any leads where get coins anonymously besides local bitcoins. 
431 ive used that place lol. 
431 com allows you buy bitcoin person from local traders using cash from sellers online and has escrow service built. 
431 com the mycelium mobile wallet for android has local trader feature built that lets you find local sellers offering bitcoin for person trades using cash. 
432 silverapples thank you very much. 
432 didnt even consider the addons. 
433 hope you guys didn register with same credentials other markets. 
433 this static phishing login pagethis guy posting url everywhere trying steal people username password even vendor feedback posting url. 
433 avoid all cost. 
434 have decided make middle earth marketplace marketplace choice. 
434 please never branch out into onion rings. 
435 found this for ludes evo anybody bought from these guys they offer escrow. 
436 from theman april pmseems like everyone around area never has any coins. 
436 its hard find them why dam coins going hunt you down and find you wherever you are hiding. 
436 anyone have any leads where get coins anonymously besides local bitcoins. 
436 ive used that place lol. 
436 com allows you buy bitcoin person from local traders using cash from sellers online and has escrow service built. 
436 com the mycelium mobile wallet for android has local trader feature built that lets you find local sellers offering bitcoin for person trades using cash. 
437 here the gold standard referral link that used will increase your sex appeal. 
437 onion register nbnukrp afno other referral works like this one. 
438 onion register vmgccotbremove spacesvalid link. 
439 hope you guys didn register with same credentials other markets. 
439 this static phishing login pagethis guy posting url everywhere trying steal people username password even vendor feedback posting url. 
439 avoid all cost. 
440 onion register vmgccotbremove spacesvalid link. 
441 found this for ludes evo anybody bought from these guys they offer escrow. 
442 guyshas anyone tried out auscokes cocaine bsm theyve got samples for and grams for. 
442 was wondering was legit its quite cheap for aussie gear. 
443 here the gold standard referral link that used will increase your sex appeal. 
443 onion register nbnukrp afno other referral works like this one. 
444 silverapples thank you very much. 
444 didnt even consider the addons. 
445 have decided make middle earth marketplace marketplace choice. 
445 please never branch out into onion rings. 
446 from theman april pmseems like everyone around area never has any coins. 
446 its hard find them why dam coins going hunt you down and find you wherever you are hiding. 
446 anyone have any leads where get coins anonymously besides local bitcoins. 
446 ive used that place lol. 
446 com allows you buy bitcoin person from local traders using cash from sellers online and has escrow service built. 
446 com the mycelium mobile wallet for android has local trader feature built that lets you find local sellers offering bitcoin for person trades using cash. 
447 found this for ludes evo anybody bought from these guys they offer escrow. 
448 guyshas anyone tried out auscokes cocaine bsm theyve got samples for and grams for. 
448 was wondering was legit its quite cheap for aussie gear. 
449 here the gold standard referral link that used will increase your sex appeal. 
449 onion register nbnukrp afno other referral works like this one. 
450 silverapples thank you very much. 
450 didnt even consider the addons. 
451 have decided make middle earth marketplace marketplace choice. 
451 please never branch out into onion rings. 
452 from theman april pmseems like everyone around area never has any coins. 
452 its hard find them why dam coins going hunt you down and find you wherever you are hiding. 
452 anyone have any leads where get coins anonymously besides local bitcoins. 
452 ive used that place lol. 
452 com allows you buy bitcoin person from local traders using cash from sellers online and has escrow service built. 
452 com the mycelium mobile wallet for android has local trader feature built that lets you find local sellers offering bitcoin for person trades using cash. 
453 sign for pigeon. 
454 there anything tails users should scared about peace. 
455 edward snowden uses. 
456 from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
456 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
456 something isnt right. 
456 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
456 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
456 why that know you consciously did this. 
456 and that its not oversight. 
456 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
456 white spaces special characters. 
457 sorry for the noob question but thats not completely clear. 
457 configure claws mail tails hidden service mail provider like mail tor mailtor there need for ssl theyr imap smtp server does tors end end encryption also work this case peace. 
458 net has cash mail does get anymore anonymous. 
459 also never use that password again. 
460 put the link the blog tor about the problem. 
460 using ssl hidden service stupid and unnecessary tor makes connection default. 
460 the problem from understanding that openssl used generate the private key how hands the private key the primary relay node. 
460 but you were using server that had openssl pre generated your key using openssl pre then you were unsafe. 
460 for the hack work. 
460 the server would have had directly connect node that was compromised attacker. 
460 the chances that happening with the little time the bug was out meant that all our servers were not identified but the locations were changed just safe. 
460 and new urls were generated with proper openssl. 
461 from timothy leary april pmis there anything tails users should scared about peaceyes and. 
461 tails unaffected the heartbleed bug uses the older version ssl that unaffected. 
461 prudence should lead you change your passwords any systems where you have used ssl part the login process. 
461 the problem here that youre not going know which systems have upgraded their ssl software eliminate the bug. 
461 most the larger sites will have done already but the smaller hobbyist run sites that could potentially pose the most problems that regard. 
462 check out the only referral link personally endorsed the princess pot herself. 
462 onion register nadbp. 
463 from timothy leary april pmis there anything tails users should scared about peaceyes and. 
463 tails unaffected the heartbleed bug uses the older version ssl that unaffected. 
463 prudence should lead you change your passwords any systems where you have used ssl part the login process. 
463 the problem here that youre not going know which systems have upgraded their ssl software eliminate the bug. 
463 most the larger sites will have done already but the smaller hobbyist run sites that could potentially pose the most problems that regard. 
464 from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
464 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
464 something isnt right. 
464 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
464 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
464 why that know you consciously did this. 
464 and that its not oversight. 
464 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
464 white spaces special characters. 
465 net has cash mail does get anymore anonymous. 
466 sorry for the noob question but thats not completely clear. 
466 configure claws mail tails hidden service mail provider like mail tor mailtor there need for ssl theyr imap smtp server does tors end end encryption also work this case peace. 
467 there anything tails users should scared about peace. 
468 check out the only referral link personally endorsed the princess pot herself. 
468 onion register nadbp. 
469 sorry for the noob question but thats not completely clear. 
469 configure claws mail tails hidden service mail provider like mail tor mailtor there need for ssl theyr imap smtp server does tors end end encryption also work this case peace. 
470 also inform people who you had sensitive conversations with about the leak and give them your new pubkey. 
470 you only leaked this forum maybe the admins can see howmany people opened the page was you can assess how serious was. 
471 there anything tails users should scared about peace. 
472 from timothy leary april pmis there anything tails users should scared about peaceyes and. 
472 tails unaffected the heartbleed bug uses the older version ssl that unaffected. 
472 prudence should lead you change your passwords any systems where you have used ssl part the login process. 
472 the problem here that youre not going know which systems have upgraded their ssl software eliminate the bug. 
472 most the larger sites will have done already but the smaller hobbyist run sites that could potentially pose the most problems that regard. 
473 also inform people who you had sensitive conversations with about the leak and give them your new pubkey. 
473 you only leaked this forum maybe the admins can see howmany people opened the page was you can assess how serious was. 
474 sign for pigeon. 
475 there anything tails users should scared about peace. 
476 sign for pigeon. 
477 edward snowden uses. 
478 check out the only referral link personally endorsed the princess pot herself. 
478 onion register nadbp. 
479 also inform people who you had sensitive conversations with about the leak and give them your new pubkey. 
479 you only leaked this forum maybe the admins can see howmany people opened the page was you can assess how serious was. 
480 also never use that password again. 
481 put the link the blog tor about the problem. 
481 using ssl hidden service stupid and unnecessary tor makes connection default. 
481 the problem from understanding that openssl used generate the private key how hands the private key the primary relay node. 
481 but you were using server that had openssl pre generated your key using openssl pre then you were unsafe. 
481 for the hack work. 
481 the server would have had directly connect node that was compromised attacker. 
481 the chances that happening with the little time the bug was out meant that all our servers were not identified but the locations were changed just safe. 
481 and new url's were generated with proper openssl. 
482 net has cash mail does get anymore anonymous. 
483 sorry for the noob question but thats not completely clear. 
483 configure claws mail tails hidden service mail provider like mail tor mailtor there need for ssl theyr imap smtp server does tors end end encryption also work this case peace. 
484 there anything tails users should scared about peace. 
485 check out the only referral link personally endorsed the princess pot herself. 
485 onion register nadbp. 
486 from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
486 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
486 something isnt right. 
486 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
486 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
486 why that know you consciously did this. 
486 and that its not oversight. 
486 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
486 white spaces special characters. 
487 from timothy leary april pmis there anything tails users should scared about peaceyes and. 
487 tails unaffected the heartbleed bug uses the older version ssl that unaffected. 
487 prudence should lead you change your passwords any systems where you have used ssl part the login process. 
487 the problem here that youre not going know which systems have upgraded their ssl software eliminate the bug. 
487 most the larger sites will have done already but the smaller hobbyist run sites that could potentially pose the most problems that regard. 
488 sign for pigeon. 
489 edward snowden uses. 
490 check out the only referral link personally endorsed the princess pot herself. 
490 onion register nadbp. 
491 from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
491 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
491 something isnt right. 
491 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
491 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
491 why that know you consciously did this. 
491 and that its not oversight. 
491 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
491 white spaces special characters. 
492 from timothy leary april pmis there anything tails users should scared about peaceyes and. 
492 tails unaffected the heartbleed bug uses the older version ssl that unaffected. 
492 prudence should lead you change your passwords any systems where you have used ssl part the login process. 
492 the problem here that youre not going know which systems have upgraded their ssl software eliminate the bug. 
492 most the larger sites will have done already but the smaller hobbyist run sites that could potentially pose the most problems that regard. 
493 sign for pigeon. 
494 edward snowden uses. 
495 the fact that they accept paypal red flag. 
495 dont see how they can accept that when could easily scam them buying bitcoins today and filing for chageback anytime want and getting money back with guarentee. 
495 and would very difficult make transcation truly anonymous. 
495 and have heard numerous bad things about that owners. 
496 anybody got any experience buying here with anything new proceed with caution. 
497 need opsec guy help secure grams. 
497 think did pretty good job but need someone over. 
497 dont have much money but with the traffic grams getting and the system designing will able pay soon. 
497 who would you guys recommend contact situation. 
499 com now accepts paypal ukash paysafecard and western union for bitcoin. 
499 buy and sell bitcoins anonymously with paypal ukash paysafecard. 
499 are one the few exchangers which will accept paypal for bitcoins fast turnaround time. 
499 buy bitcoins now. 
500 from grams april pmi need opsec guy help secure grams. 
500 think did pretty good job but need someone over. 
500 dont have much money but with the traffic grams getting and the system designing will able pay soon. 
500 who would you guys recommend contact situation not whyusheep whyuhack. 
500 there are some novice tech people here who will test your site for free pretty sure theres thread for free testing and there was sure more savvy inidivual would help you out. 
500 think you should make suggestion box type thing for grams. 
500 maybe thread where can make suggestions. 
500 dont want litter this thread with suggestions. 
501 from grams april pmi need opsec guy help secure grams. 
501 think did pretty good job but need someone over. 
501 dont have much money but with the traffic grams getting and the system designing will able pay soon. 
501 who would you guys recommend contact situation not whyusheep whyuhack. 
501 there are some novice tech people here who will test your site for free pretty sure theres thread for free testing and there was sure more savvy inidivual would help you out. 
501 think you should make suggestion box type thing for grams. 
501 maybe thread where can make suggestions. 
501 dont want litter this thread with suggestions. 
502 need opsec guy help secure grams. 
502 think did pretty good job but need someone over. 
502 dont have much money but with the traffic grams getting and the system designing will able pay soon. 
502 who would you guys recommend contact situation. 
504 the fact that they accept paypal red flag. 
504 dont see how they can accept that when could easily scam them buying bitcoins today and filing for chageback anytime want and getting money back with guarentee. 
504 and would very difficult make transcation truly anonymous. 
504 and have heard numerous bad things about that owners. 
505 anybody got any experience buying here with anything new proceed with caution. 
506 need opsec guy help secure grams. 
506 think did pretty good job but need someone over. 
506 dont have much money but with the traffic grams getting and the system designing will able pay soon. 
506 who would you guys recommend contact situation. 
508 need opsec guy help secure grams. 
508 think did pretty good job but need someone over. 
508 dont have much money but with the traffic grams getting and the system designing will able pay soon. 
508 who would you guys recommend contact situation. 
509 from scroat april pmquote from inanna april amyou need give more info. 
509 what distribution linux and version tor are you using tbb runs port otherwise standard port. 
509 should using port for electrum the latest version tails there safer and better wallet for anon vending. 
509 all know electrum blockchain and armoury. 
510 going start donation for every order get. 
510 lets keep this site. 
510 really think can have great future. 
511 the fact that they accept paypal red flag. 
511 dont see how they can accept that when could easily scam them buying bitcoins today and filing for chageback anytime want and getting money back with guarentee. 
511 and would very difficult make transcation truly anonymous. 
511 and have heard numerous bad things about that owners. 
512 anybody got any experience buying here with anything new proceed with caution. 
513 com now accepts paypal ukash paysafecard and western union for bitcoin. 
513 buy and sell bitcoins anonymously with paypal ukash paysafecard. 
513 are one the few exchangers which will accept paypal for bitcoins fast turnaround time. 
513 buy bitcoins now. 
514 from rhettbutler april pmgoing start donation for every order get. 
514 lets keep this site. 
514 really think can have great future that's the spirit. 
515 from scroat april pmquote from inanna april amyou need give more info. 
515 what distribution linux and version tor are you using tbb runs port otherwise standard port. 
515 should using port for electrum the latest version tails there safer and better wallet for anon vending. 
515 all know electrum blockchain and armoury. 
516 going start donation for every order get. 
516 lets keep this site. 
516 really think can have great future. 
517 the fact that they accept paypal red flag. 
517 dont see how they can accept that when could easily scam them buying bitcoins today and filing for chageback anytime want and getting money back with guarentee. 
517 and would very difficult make transcation truly anonymous. 
517 and have heard numerous bad things about that owners. 
518 anybody got any experience buying here with anything new proceed with caution. 
519 need opsec guy help secure grams. 
519 think did pretty good job but need someone over. 
519 dont have much money but with the traffic grams getting and the system designing will able pay soon. 
519 who would you guys recommend contact situation. 
521 from grams april pmi need opsec guy help secure grams. 
521 think did pretty good job but need someone over. 
521 dont have much money but with the traffic grams getting and the system designing will able pay soon. 
521 who would you guys recommend contact situation not whyusheep whyuhack. 
521 there are some novice tech people here who will test your site for free pretty sure theres thread for free testing and there was sure more savvy inidivual would help you out. 
521 think you should make suggestion box type thing for grams. 
521 maybe thread where can make suggestions. 
521 dont want litter this thread with suggestions. 
522 com now accepts paypal ukash paysafecard and western union for bitcoin. 
522 buy and sell bitcoins anonymously with paypal ukash paysafecard. 
522 are one the few exchangers which will accept paypal for bitcoins fast turnaround time. 
522 buy bitcoins now. 
523 the fact that they accept paypal red flag. 
523 dont see how they can accept that when could easily scam them buying bitcoins today and filing for chageback anytime want and getting money back with guarentee. 
523 and would very difficult make transcation truly anonymous. 
523 and have heard numerous bad things about that owners. 
524 anybody got any experience buying here with anything new proceed with caution. 
525 need opsec guy help secure grams. 
525 think did pretty good job but need someone over. 
525 dont have much money but with the traffic grams getting and the system designing will able pay soon. 
525 who would you guys recommend contact situation. 
527 from grams april pmi need opsec guy help secure grams. 
527 think did pretty good job but need someone over. 
527 dont have much money but with the traffic grams getting and the system designing will able pay soon. 
527 who would you guys recommend contact situation not whyusheep whyuhack. 
527 there are some novice tech people here who will test your site for free pretty sure theres thread for free testing and there was sure more savvy inidivual would help you out. 
527 think you should make suggestion box type thing for grams. 
527 maybe thread where can make suggestions. 
527 dont want litter this thread with suggestions. 
528 com now accepts paypal ukash paysafecard and western union for bitcoin. 
528 buy and sell bitcoins anonymously with paypal ukash paysafecard. 
528 are one the few exchangers which will accept paypal for bitcoins fast turnaround time. 
528 buy bitcoins now. 
529 much want believe their claims just cant. 
529 they have every imaginable option for trading btc for value all anonymous. 
529 the only forum posts about the service are either advertisements people claiming scam. 
529 honest goodness hope this service legit but all signs point scam. 
529 please address these concerns enumbered will forced continue warning people from utilizing your service. 
530 ive finally been paid back but when withdraw the bitcoin the account page just refreshes and the balance remains the same. 
530 anyone able remove their bitcoin from silk road thanks. 
531 quotelaw enforcement increasingly finding ways thwart websites intended mask the identities its users and administrators. 
531 andrew grossman reports digits. 
531 photo getty images. 
531 washington law enforcement agencies are increasingly finding ways unmask users popular web browser designed hide identities and allow individuals exist online anonymously. 
531 keep their identities secret users and administrators recently shuttered child pornography website used browser called tor that obscures the source web traffic authorities said march. 
531 agents from homeland security investigations tracked many them down anyway largely because mistakes that even some the most sophisticated users eventually make. 
531 tor and other programs designed hide users identity online have grown popularity people try protect their privacy age digital surveillance. 
531 when paired with bitcoin other virtual currencies that dont use the banking system tor can help hide the identities people behind financial transactions. 
531 such programs also have become tool for those seeking evade the law including child pornography traders hackers and other criminals creating challenges for law enforcement. 
531 but officials are becoming more confident that tors shield anonymity isnt impenetrable. 
531 theres not magic way trace people through tor typically capitalize human error looking for whatever clues people leave their wake said james kilpatrick one the hsi agents who part operation round table continuing investigation into tor based child pornography site that has far resulted arrests and the identification more than victims all children. 
531 typical browser sends data along direct route making relatively easy figure out who visiting website sending messages downloading material. 
531 tor which stands for the onion router sends data through layers intermediary computers that cant peeled back making nearly impossible for law enforcement and private companies track internet browsing. 
531 two years ago they ran into tor they said its hopeless said andrew lewman executive director the nonprofit group that oversees tor called tor project. 
531 but after meetings with agencies including the federal bureau investigation and the department homeland security noticed their perception started changing. 
531 they finally realized tors not this impenetrable thing. 
531 users make mistakes. 
531 law enforcement officials are reluctant talk about specific techniques they use identify tor users but researchers and court documents provide some clues. 
531 some the mistakes are old fashioned the administrator the child pornography site the center operation round table was first identified postal inspectors because was sending sex objects through the mail juveniles said. 
531 that site administrator pleaded guilty last week federal charges that come with prison sentence least years. 
531 digital forensics were crucial catching other people allegedly involved the site which involved individuals posing young girls order convince boys their early teens make sexually explicit videos. 
531 one case law enforcement officials said they were able catch australian man who logged into his fake facebook profile and his real profile once without using tor other anonymizing tools. 
531 that man mark warren charged manhattan federal court with production and receipt child pornography and extortion and australia pending extradition. 
531 information about his lawyer couldnt obtained. 
531 most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
531 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
531 tor relies large set relay servers between end user and the site trying visit. 
531 data takes constantly shifting path between few those servers its way and from the users computer masking the unique internet protocol address law enforcement needs match virtual identity one the real world. 
531 homeland security chief jeh johnson after march news conference operation round table. 
531 agence france presse getty imagessome law enforcement officials and security researchers say the shakiness that network itself which relies volunteers use their machines route data presents opportunities for authorities trace users. 
531 tor project tries fix any technical but said staffers have briefed law enforcement the software helping them better understand its limitations. 
531 com news articles. 
532 from tyson april snip source online. 
532 com news articles most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
532 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
532 view that the money right there. 
532 the grugq amateurs practice until they get right professionals practice until they cannot get wrong. 
533 quotealso special launch offer were not charging for any vendor registrations the multisig throughout the month april. 
533 this exclusive tbb market only heya folks last few days for free vendor registrations tbb also will soon posting about some new feature updates weve recently implemented and new offline online multisig signing tool which should soon ready work with both compressed and uncompressed bitcoin keys. 
534 your pin working tried withdraw. 
534 bitcoins yesterday and pin different than what thought was. 
534 went through the pin change process but waiting the last part the process where defcon apparently changes personally. 
534 figured ill wait another day and then try get the money out with the help somebody with vendor account that able withdrawls. 
535 looking for who does identity cards just. 
535 long term cooperation. 
536 besides the fact that his site isnt looking too well done. 
537 looking for who does identity cards just. 
537 long term cooperation. 
538 ive finally been paid back but when withdraw the bitcoin the account page just refreshes and the balance remains the same. 
538 anyone able remove their bitcoin from silk road thanks. 
539 quotealso special launch offer were not charging for any vendor registrations the multisig throughout the month april. 
539 this exclusive tbb market only heya folks last few days for free vendor registrations tbb also will soon posting about some new feature updates weve recently implemented and new offline online multisig signing tool which should soon ready work with both compressed and uncompressed bitcoin keys. 
540 from tyson april snip source online. 
540 com news articles most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
540 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
540 view that the money right there. 
540 the grugq amateurs practice until they get right professionals practice until they cannot get wrong. 
541 quotelaw enforcement increasingly finding ways thwart websites intended mask the identities its users and administrators. 
541 andrew grossman reports digits. 
541 photo getty images. 
541 washington law enforcement agencies are increasingly finding ways unmask users popular web browser designed hide identities and allow individuals exist online anonymously. 
541 keep their identities secret users and administrators recently shuttered child pornography website used browser called tor that obscures the source web traffic authorities said march. 
541 agents from homeland security investigations tracked many them down anyway largely because mistakes that even some the most sophisticated users eventually make. 
541 tor and other programs designed hide users identity online have grown popularity people try protect their privacy age digital surveillance. 
541 when paired with bitcoin other virtual currencies that dont use the banking system tor can help hide the identities people behind financial transactions. 
541 such programs also have become tool for those seeking evade the law including child pornography traders hackers and other criminals creating challenges for law enforcement. 
541 but officials are becoming more confident that tors shield anonymity isnt impenetrable. 
541 theres not magic way trace people through tor typically capitalize human error looking for whatever clues people leave their wake said james kilpatrick one the hsi agents who part operation round table continuing investigation into tor based child pornography site that has far resulted arrests and the identification more than victims all children. 
541 typical browser sends data along direct route making relatively easy figure out who visiting website sending messages downloading material. 
541 tor which stands for the onion router sends data through layers intermediary computers that cant peeled back making nearly impossible for law enforcement and private companies track internet browsing. 
541 two years ago they ran into tor they said its hopeless said andrew lewman executive director the nonprofit group that oversees tor called tor project. 
541 but after meetings with agencies including the federal bureau investigation and the department homeland security noticed their perception started changing. 
541 they finally realized tors not this impenetrable thing. 
541 users make mistakes. 
541 law enforcement officials are reluctant talk about specific techniques they use identify tor users but researchers and court documents provide some clues. 
541 some the mistakes are old fashioned the administrator the child pornography site the center operation round table was first identified postal inspectors because was sending sex objects through the mail juveniles said. 
541 that site administrator pleaded guilty last week federal charges that come with prison sentence least years. 
541 digital forensics were crucial catching other people allegedly involved the site which involved individuals posing young girls order convince boys their early teens make sexually explicit videos. 
541 one case law enforcement officials said they were able catch australian man who logged into his fake facebook profile and his real profile once without using tor other anonymizing tools. 
541 that man mark warren charged manhattan federal court with production and receipt child pornography and extortion and australia pending extradition. 
541 information about his lawyer couldnt obtained. 
541 most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
541 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
541 tor relies large set relay servers between end user and the site trying visit. 
541 data takes constantly shifting path between few those servers its way and from the users computer masking the unique internet protocol address law enforcement needs match virtual identity one the real world. 
541 homeland security chief jeh johnson after march news conference operation round table. 
541 agence france presse getty imagessome law enforcement officials and security researchers say the shakiness that network itself which relies volunteers use their machines route data presents opportunities for authorities trace users. 
541 tor project tries fix any technical but said staffers have briefed law enforcement the software helping them better understand its limitations. 
541 com news articles. 
542 from zaphod april pmquote from tyson april snip source online. 
542 com news articles most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
542 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
542 view that the money right there. 
542 the grugq amateurs practice until they get right professionals practice until they cannot get wrong. 
542 zaphodexactly its not that dont have the technology hide its that the users behind the technology dont know how hidealso for quoting the grugq. 
543 looking for who does identity cards just. 
543 long term cooperation. 
544 ive finally been paid back but when withdraw the bitcoin the account page just refreshes and the balance remains the same. 
544 anyone able remove their bitcoin from silk road thanks. 
545 besides the fact that his site isnt looking too well done. 
546 much want believe their claims just cant. 
546 they have every imaginable option for trading btc for value all anonymous. 
546 the only forum posts about the service are either advertisements people claiming scam. 
546 honest goodness hope this service legit but all signs point scam. 
546 please address these concerns enumbered will forced continue warning people from utilizing your service. 
547 from zaphod april pmquote from tyson april snip source online. 
547 com news articles most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
547 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
547 view that the money right there. 
547 the grugq amateurs practice until they get right professionals practice until they cannot get wrong. 
547 zaphodexactly its not that dont have the technology hide its that the users behind the technology dont know how hidealso for quoting the grugq. 
548 from tyson april snip source online. 
548 com news articles most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
548 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
548 view that the money right there. 
548 the grugq amateurs practice until they get right professionals practice until they cannot get wrong. 
549 quotelaw enforcement increasingly finding ways thwart websites intended mask the identities its users and administrators. 
549 andrew grossman reports digits. 
549 photo getty images. 
549 washington law enforcement agencies are increasingly finding ways unmask users popular web browser designed hide identities and allow individuals exist online anonymously. 
549 keep their identities secret users and administrators recently shuttered child pornography website used browser called tor that obscures the source web traffic authorities said march. 
549 agents from homeland security investigations tracked many them down anyway largely because mistakes that even some the most sophisticated users eventually make. 
549 tor and other programs designed hide users identity online have grown popularity people try protect their privacy age digital surveillance. 
549 when paired with bitcoin other virtual currencies that dont use the banking system tor can help hide the identities people behind financial transactions. 
549 such programs also have become tool for those seeking evade the law including child pornography traders hackers and other criminals creating challenges for law enforcement. 
549 but officials are becoming more confident that tors shield anonymity isnt impenetrable. 
549 theres not magic way trace people through tor typically capitalize human error looking for whatever clues people leave their wake said james kilpatrick one the hsi agents who part operation round table continuing investigation into tor based child pornography site that has far resulted arrests and the identification more than victims all children. 
549 typical browser sends data along direct route making relatively easy figure out who visiting website sending messages downloading material. 
549 tor which stands for the onion router sends data through layers intermediary computers that cant peeled back making nearly impossible for law enforcement and private companies track internet browsing. 
549 two years ago they ran into tor they said its hopeless said andrew lewman executive director the nonprofit group that oversees tor called tor project. 
549 but after meetings with agencies including the federal bureau investigation and the department homeland security noticed their perception started changing. 
549 they finally realized tors not this impenetrable thing. 
549 users make mistakes. 
549 law enforcement officials are reluctant talk about specific techniques they use identify tor users but researchers and court documents provide some clues. 
549 some the mistakes are old fashioned the administrator the child pornography site the center operation round table was first identified postal inspectors because was sending sex objects through the mail juveniles said. 
549 that site administrator pleaded guilty last week federal charges that come with prison sentence least years. 
549 digital forensics were crucial catching other people allegedly involved the site which involved individuals posing young girls order convince boys their early teens make sexually explicit videos. 
549 one case law enforcement officials said they were able catch australian man who logged into his fake facebook profile and his real profile once without using tor other anonymizing tools. 
549 that man mark warren charged manhattan federal court with production and receipt child pornography and extortion and australia pending extradition. 
549 information about his lawyer couldnt obtained. 
549 most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
549 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
549 tor relies large set relay servers between end user and the site trying visit. 
549 data takes constantly shifting path between few those servers its way and from the users computer masking the unique internet protocol address law enforcement needs match virtual identity one the real world. 
549 homeland security chief jeh johnson after march news conference operation round table. 
549 agence france presse getty imagessome law enforcement officials and security researchers say the shakiness that network itself which relies volunteers use their machines route data presents opportunities for authorities trace users. 
549 tor project tries fix any technical but said staffers have briefed law enforcement the software helping them better understand its limitations. 
549 com news articles. 
550 looking for who does identity cards just. 
550 long term cooperation. 
551 from zaphod april pmquote from tyson april snip source online. 
551 com news articles most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
551 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
551 view that the money right there. 
551 the grugq amateurs practice until they get right professionals practice until they cannot get wrong. 
551 zaphodexactly its not that dont have the technology hide its that the users behind the technology dont know how hidealso for quoting the grugq. 
552 much want believe their claims just cant. 
552 they have every imaginable option for trading btc for value all anonymous. 
552 the only forum posts about the service are either advertisements people claiming scam. 
552 honest goodness hope this service legit but all signs point scam. 
552 please address these concerns enumbered will forced continue warning people from utilizing your service. 
553 your pin working tried withdraw. 
553 bitcoins yesterday and pin different than what thought was. 
553 went through the pin change process but waiting the last part the process where defcon apparently changes personally. 
553 figured ill wait another day and then try get the money out with the help somebody with vendor account that able withdrawls. 
554 besides the fact that his site isnt looking too well done. 
555 much want believe their claims just cant. 
555 they have every imaginable option for trading btc for value all anonymous. 
555 the only forum posts about the service are either advertisements people claiming scam. 
555 honest goodness hope this service legit but all signs point scam. 
555 please address these concerns enumbered will forced continue warning people from utilizing your service. 
556 from zaphod april pmquote from tyson april snip source online. 
556 com news articles most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
556 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
556 view that the money right there. 
556 the grugq amateurs practice until they get right professionals practice until they cannot get wrong. 
556 zaphodexactly its not that dont have the technology hide its that the users behind the technology dont know how hidealso for quoting the grugq. 
557 from tyson april snip source online. 
557 com news articles most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
557 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
557 view that the money right there. 
557 the grugq amateurs practice until they get right professionals practice until they cannot get wrong. 
558 quotelaw enforcement increasingly finding ways thwart websites intended mask the identities its users and administrators. 
558 andrew grossman reports digits. 
558 photo getty images. 
558 washington law enforcement agencies are increasingly finding ways unmask users popular web browser designed hide identities and allow individuals exist online anonymously. 
558 keep their identities secret users and administrators recently shuttered child pornography website used browser called tor that obscures the source web traffic authorities said march. 
558 agents from homeland security investigations tracked many them down anyway largely because mistakes that even some the most sophisticated users eventually make. 
558 tor and other programs designed hide users identity online have grown popularity people try protect their privacy age digital surveillance. 
558 when paired with bitcoin other virtual currencies that dont use the banking system tor can help hide the identities people behind financial transactions. 
558 such programs also have become tool for those seeking evade the law including child pornography traders hackers and other criminals creating challenges for law enforcement. 
558 but officials are becoming more confident that tors shield anonymity isnt impenetrable. 
558 theres not magic way trace people through tor typically capitalize human error looking for whatever clues people leave their wake said james kilpatrick one the hsi agents who part operation round table continuing investigation into tor based child pornography site that has far resulted arrests and the identification more than victims all children. 
558 typical browser sends data along direct route making relatively easy figure out who visiting website sending messages downloading material. 
558 tor which stands for the onion router sends data through layers intermediary computers that cant peeled back making nearly impossible for law enforcement and private companies track internet browsing. 
558 two years ago they ran into tor they said its hopeless said andrew lewman executive director the nonprofit group that oversees tor called tor project. 
558 but after meetings with agencies including the federal bureau investigation and the department homeland security noticed their perception started changing. 
558 they finally realized tors not this impenetrable thing. 
558 users make mistakes. 
558 law enforcement officials are reluctant talk about specific techniques they use identify tor users but researchers and court documents provide some clues. 
558 some the mistakes are old fashioned the administrator the child pornography site the center operation round table was first identified postal inspectors because was sending sex objects through the mail juveniles said. 
558 that site administrator pleaded guilty last week federal charges that come with prison sentence least years. 
558 digital forensics were crucial catching other people allegedly involved the site which involved individuals posing young girls order convince boys their early teens make sexually explicit videos. 
558 one case law enforcement officials said they were able catch australian man who logged into his fake facebook profile and his real profile once without using tor other anonymizing tools. 
558 that man mark warren charged manhattan federal court with production and receipt child pornography and extortion and australia pending extradition. 
558 information about his lawyer couldnt obtained. 
558 most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
558 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
558 tor relies large set relay servers between end user and the site trying visit. 
558 data takes constantly shifting path between few those servers its way and from the users computer masking the unique internet protocol address law enforcement needs match virtual identity one the real world. 
558 homeland security chief jeh johnson after march news conference operation round table. 
558 agence france presse getty imagessome law enforcement officials and security researchers say the shakiness that network itself which relies volunteers use their machines route data presents opportunities for authorities trace users. 
558 tor project tries fix any technical but said staffers have briefed law enforcement the software helping them better understand its limitations. 
558 com news articles. 
559 quotealso special launch offer were not charging for any vendor registrations the multisig throughout the month april. 
559 this exclusive tbb market only heya folks last few days for free vendor registrations tbb also will soon posting about some new feature updates weve recently implemented and new offline online multisig signing tool which should soon ready work with both compressed and uncompressed bitcoin keys. 
560 your pin working tried withdraw. 
560 bitcoins yesterday and pin different than what thought was. 
560 went through the pin change process but waiting the last part the process where defcon apparently changes personally. 
560 figured ill wait another day and then try get the money out with the help somebody with vendor account that able withdrawls. 
561 from zaphod april pmquote from tyson april snip source online. 
561 com news articles most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
561 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
561 view that the money right there. 
561 the grugq amateurs practice until they get right professionals practice until they cannot get wrong. 
561 zaphodexactly its not that dont have the technology hide its that the users behind the technology dont know how hidealso for quoting the grugq. 
562 from tyson april snip source online. 
562 com news articles most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
562 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
562 view that the money right there. 
562 the grugq amateurs practice until they get right professionals practice until they cannot get wrong. 
563 quotelaw enforcement increasingly finding ways thwart websites intended mask the identities its users and administrators. 
563 andrew grossman reports digits. 
563 photo getty images. 
563 washington law enforcement agencies are increasingly finding ways unmask users popular web browser designed hide identities and allow individuals exist online anonymously. 
563 keep their identities secret users and administrators recently shuttered child pornography website used browser called tor that obscures the source web traffic authorities said march. 
563 agents from homeland security investigations tracked many them down anyway largely because mistakes that even some the most sophisticated users eventually make. 
563 tor and other programs designed hide users identity online have grown popularity people try protect their privacy age digital surveillance. 
563 when paired with bitcoin other virtual currencies that dont use the banking system tor can help hide the identities people behind financial transactions. 
563 such programs also have become tool for those seeking evade the law including child pornography traders hackers and other criminals creating challenges for law enforcement. 
563 but officials are becoming more confident that tors shield anonymity isnt impenetrable. 
563 theres not magic way trace people through tor typically capitalize human error looking for whatever clues people leave their wake said james kilpatrick one the hsi agents who part operation round table continuing investigation into tor based child pornography site that has far resulted arrests and the identification more than victims all children. 
563 typical browser sends data along direct route making relatively easy figure out who visiting website sending messages downloading material. 
563 tor which stands for the onion router sends data through layers intermediary computers that cant peeled back making nearly impossible for law enforcement and private companies track internet browsing. 
563 two years ago they ran into tor they said its hopeless said andrew lewman executive director the nonprofit group that oversees tor called tor project. 
563 but after meetings with agencies including the federal bureau investigation and the department homeland security noticed their perception started changing. 
563 they finally realized tors not this impenetrable thing. 
563 users make mistakes. 
563 law enforcement officials are reluctant talk about specific techniques they use identify tor users but researchers and court documents provide some clues. 
563 some the mistakes are old fashioned the administrator the child pornography site the center operation round table was first identified postal inspectors because was sending sex objects through the mail juveniles said. 
563 that site administrator pleaded guilty last week federal charges that come with prison sentence least years. 
563 digital forensics were crucial catching other people allegedly involved the site which involved individuals posing young girls order convince boys their early teens make sexually explicit videos. 
563 one case law enforcement officials said they were able catch australian man who logged into his fake facebook profile and his real profile once without using tor other anonymizing tools. 
563 that man mark warren charged manhattan federal court with production and receipt child pornography and extortion and australia pending extradition. 
563 information about his lawyer couldnt obtained. 
563 most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
563 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
563 tor relies large set relay servers between end user and the site trying visit. 
563 data takes constantly shifting path between few those servers its way and from the users computer masking the unique internet protocol address law enforcement needs match virtual identity one the real world. 
563 homeland security chief jeh johnson after march news conference operation round table. 
563 agence france presse getty imagessome law enforcement officials and security researchers say the shakiness that network itself which relies volunteers use their machines route data presents opportunities for authorities trace users. 
563 tor project tries fix any technical but said staffers have briefed law enforcement the software helping them better understand its limitations. 
563 com news articles. 
564 quotealso special launch offer were not charging for any vendor registrations the multisig throughout the month april. 
564 this exclusive tbb market only heya folks last few days for free vendor registrations tbb also will soon posting about some new feature updates weve recently implemented and new offline online multisig signing tool which should soon ready work with both compressed and uncompressed bitcoin keys. 
565 your pin working tried withdraw. 
565 bitcoins yesterday and pin different than what thought was. 
565 went through the pin change process but waiting the last part the process where defcon apparently changes personally. 
565 figured ill wait another day and then try get the money out with the help somebody with vendor account that able withdrawls. 
566 from april amthe design goal for was make that the multisig escrow process was automated and easy use that the vendor almost wouldnt notice the additional work over simple site based escrow. 
566 get the feeling yanks from his market will also yanking the feature that seperates his market from the others. 
567 ill take bad ideas for dollars alex that. 
567 money transmitters coming bit too quickly and promising lot. 
568 from crazy eights april amwe sold pandora and there was customer service. 
568 stopped after month sporadic business orders not worth. 
568 add the the hack into the decision closed shopevo just started and got approval have had sales there their customer service were point issues encountered problems problem see not enough traffic yetlow comish evo nice though are exploring all options for secondary sitesyes ive been evo for long time. 
568 shutdown shop their because took much time for insufficient amount sales. 
568 actually listing something one mine. 
568 just holding off and sticking agora and bsm for now. 
568 bsm slow for too but its slowly picking. 
569 sold pandora and there was customer service. 
569 stopped after month sporadic business orders not worth. 
569 add the the hack into the decision closed shopevo just started and got approval have had sales there their customer service were point issues encountered problems problem see not enough traffic yetlow comish evo nice though are exploring all options for secondary sites. 
570 wondered about the pin but sure have correct cause ive used before and its never changed. 
570 guess could try changing the pin. 
571 from april amif only the people who created and distribute tor browser bundle were leet you huh then theyd know better. 
571 while ive definitely given whyusheep his fair share shit today the you cant expect your users enable javascript whyuhack correct that one. 
571 its completely untenable position for dnm. 
571 ive seen number them try and they all crash and burn pretty shortly the ones windows never last decide rip the out. 
571 google for torsploit freedom hosting exploit you want example why someone would have absolutely retarded enable javascript going onion address. 
571 you cant ask your users that. 
571 the argument has been made over and over for the past year. 
571 users arent enabling javascript. 
571 nor should they. 
571 keeping turned off reduces their browsers attack surface and they can use every other market earth without. 
571 whats special about yours that its worth their risk every time new dnm shows all chock full the same arguments get made. 
571 but javascript safe. 
571 theres nothing inherently wrong with. 
571 you isolate your client propertly its perfectly harmless but tor project enables default has safe etc etc. 
571 search reddit dnm for extaccy youll find great example what not windows and. 
571 remember least two dozen threads about servers requiring srf the past year. 
571 check out the silk street marketplace thread this subforum its about halfway down the page for another example. 
571 the owner started out making all those arguments and ended just pulling the. 
571 which was the right call his part. 
571 youre gonna want argue about but seriously that time better invested figuring out how you can provide your market without relying. 
571 windows for that matter. 
571 getting pwnd isnt your worry. 
571 getting deanonymized the worry. 
571 somebody dumps hklm and hku theres nothing that will lead back you right software license keys windows registration history previous networks smb clients etc. 
571 your windows hosting environment isnt linkable you right takes exactly one ipconfig all tracert bring that crashing down its not physically virtually isolated. 
571 whyusheep annoying crap times but this particular case hes right. 
571 figure out how fix. 
572 there isnt anything the system steal. 
572 used the tools used because they work well. 
572 you can figure out way how system that keeps zero bitcoins zero onsite ever but forwards them into escrow controlled jointly with private key from and private key from the vendor where every single mailing address forced through encryption can owned please let know. 
572 because smart designed system that cant hacked because there literally nothing there. 
572 theres database with some orders and some items and some encrypted data and thats. 
572 not that this will mean anything you because you actually are narcissistic moron trolling for attention but the front end doesnt even touch the database. 
572 uses api calls api wrote for the purpose. 
572 also has seperate back end engine that does all the bitcoin work and the front end doesnt even make calls that either. 
572 the thing hate about these anonymous internet forums this kind infantile crap. 
572 look for those not smearing shit the walls read the above and ask yourself exactly how the real world not world where waving around words like javascript makes you leet but the actual logic driven computer world there possibility hack. 
572 that was the whole point was build patently and self obviously honest system. 
572 vendor can see the funds his multi sig escrow wallet sitting there impervious any magical attacks before mails anything. 
572 and only has the pgp private key decrypt any personal info. 
572 youre actually smart and not shit flinging child you can see what represents business tool which what and sound one self evident super. 
573 only the people who created and distribute tor browser bundle were leet you huh then theyd know better. 
574 former vendor who has spent five months designing super automated multisig escrow secured marketplace. 
574 please take look the rundown deep dark web. 
574 com market automated multi signature escrow the design goal for was make that the multisig escrow process was automated and easy use that the vendor almost wouldnt notice the additional work over simple site based escrow. 
574 all boils down the simple cutting and pasting commands and takes almost time all. 
574 until any established vendor another site can get their account activated for free. 
574 pay visit for simple instructions how. 
575 its the pin will show you error message the top after the withdrawal fails but its kind small you might miss. 
575 does show you any error message the top. 
576 its been long payback know others are process being reimbursed were lucky and received back hope they man all that were stolen fromdoes that mean all forgot. 
576 but least got out btcs back amd hope other vendors due well. 
577 from april amhi former vendor who has spent five months designing super automated multisig escrow secured marketplace. 
577 must livin javascript all over noob site tool and now knight idioto trois. 
578 from april amif only the people who created and distribute tor browser bundle were leet you huh then theyd know better. 
578 hang tellin not got embedded javascripts market good did coz wudnt bother testing guess what come across running iis server and microsoft. 
578 net framework version. 
578 which vuln helln here segment errors for leet checkget. 
578 cookie jfxievyol rex dfb xjdhost tzonxy sod eqt. 
578 keep alivepost dataserver error application. 
578 illegal characters pathan unhandled exception was generated during the execution the current web request. 
578 information regarding the origin and location the exception can identified using the exception stack trace illegal characters path. 
578 combine string path string path system. 
578 getbuildresult string cachekey virtualpath virtualpath int hashcode boolean system. 
578 string cachekey boolean keyfromvpp virtualpath virtualpath int hashcode boolean system. 
578 virtualpath virtualpath boolean system. 
578 virtualpath virtualpath boolean nobuild boolean allowcrossapp boolean boolean boolean system. 
578 context virtualpath virtualpath boolean nobuild boolean allowcrossapp boolean boolean boolean system. 
578 virtualpath virtualpath context boolean allowcrossapp boolean system. 
578 virtualpath virtualpath type context boolean allowcrossapp system. 
578 context string requesttype virtualpath virtualpath string physicalpath system. 
578 executestep iexecutionstep step boolean everyone postdata returns critical errorurl encoded post input postback callback argument. 
578 event validation enabled using configuration page true page. 
578 for security purposes this feature verifies that arguments postback callback events originate from the server control that originally rendered them. 
578 will wned minutes retard. 
579 simply put offerin nothin newoffsite multi sig norm now with private keysu wud have been btr readin why not use server javascript how btr secure serverwasted months. 
580 there many ways bitcoin brokers. 
580 org bank deposit using bit stamp formula think many buyers ive dealt with use them not endorsement but thast how they obtained btcs pinch. 
581 vendors buyers please click the official agora referral link below register market account. 
581 onion register zmdjscty tvendors please note that the account you register buyer only account but can upgraded vendor account you any time. 
581 once your buyer account registered then login the market and click the info help icon the top bar and read follow the simple instructions that explain how register vendor. 
581 you want send agora then best agora only the market clicking info help top bar the market home page and then click support the side bar the info help page. 
582 someone attended school but bitcoins cannot counterfeited. 
582 you cannot make fake bitcoins. 
582 yes there are but duplication replication out that scope. 
583 simply put offerin nothin newoffsite multi sig norm now with private keysu wud have been btr readin why not use server javascript how btr secure serverwasted months. 
584 wondered about the pin but sure have correct cause ive used before and its never changed. 
584 guess could try changing the pin. 
585 from april amhi former vendor who has spent five months designing super automated multisig escrow secured marketplace. 
585 must livin javascript all over noob site tool and now knight idioto trois. 
586 from april amif only the people who created and distribute tor browser bundle were leet you huh then theyd know better. 
586 hang tellin not got embedded javascripts market good did coz wudnt bother testing guess what come across running iis server and microsoft. 
586 net framework version. 
586 which vuln helln here segment errors for leet checkget. 
586 cookie jfxievyol rex dfb xjdhost tzonxy sod eqt. 
586 keep alivepost dataserver error application. 
586 illegal characters pathan unhandled exception was generated during the execution the current web request. 
586 information regarding the origin and location the exception can identified using the exception stack trace illegal characters path. 
586 combine string path string path system. 
586 getbuildresult string cachekey virtualpath virtualpath int hashcode boolean system. 
586 string cachekey boolean keyfromvpp virtualpath virtualpath int hashcode boolean system. 
586 virtualpath virtualpath boolean system. 
586 virtualpath virtualpath boolean nobuild boolean allowcrossapp boolean boolean boolean system. 
586 context virtualpath virtualpath boolean nobuild boolean allowcrossapp boolean boolean boolean system. 
586 virtualpath virtualpath context boolean allowcrossapp boolean system. 
586 virtualpath virtualpath type context boolean allowcrossapp system. 
586 context string requesttype virtualpath virtualpath string physicalpath system. 
586 executestep iexecutionstep step boolean everyone postdata returns critical errorurl encoded post input postback callback argument. 
586 event validation enabled using configuration page true page. 
586 for security purposes this feature verifies that arguments postback callback events originate from the server control that originally rendered them. 
586 will wned minutes retard. 
587 former vendor who has spent five months designing super automated multisig escrow secured marketplace. 
587 please take look the rundown deep dark web. 
587 com market automated multi signature escrow the design goal for was make that the multisig escrow process was automated and easy use that the vendor almost wouldnt notice the additional work over simple site based escrow. 
587 all boils down the simple cutting and pasting commands and takes almost time all. 
587 until any established vendor another site can get their account activated for free. 
587 pay visit for simple instructions how. 
588 only the people who created and distribute tor browser bundle were leet you huh then theyd know better. 
589 there isnt anything the system steal. 
589 used the tools used because they work well. 
589 you can figure out way how system that keeps zero bitcoins zero onsite ever but forwards them into escrow controlled jointly with private key from and private key from the vendor where every single mailing address forced through encryption can owned please let know. 
589 because smart designed system that cant hacked because there literally nothing there. 
589 theres database with some orders and some items and some encrypted data and thats. 
589 not that this will mean anything you because you actually are narcissistic moron trolling for attention but the front end doesnt even touch the database. 
589 uses api calls api wrote for the purpose. 
589 also has seperate back end engine that does all the bitcoin work and the front end doesnt even make calls that either. 
589 the thing hate about these anonymous internet forums this kind infantile crap. 
589 look for those not smearing shit the walls read the above and ask yourself exactly how the real world not world where waving around words like javascript makes you leet but the actual logic driven computer world there possibility hack. 
589 that was the whole point was build patently and self obviously honest system. 
589 vendor can see the funds his multi sig escrow wallet sitting there impervious any magical attacks before mails anything. 
589 and only has the pgp private key decrypt any personal info. 
589 youre actually smart and not shit flinging child you can see what represents business tool which what and sound one self evident super. 
590 from april amif only the people who created and distribute tor browser bundle were leet you huh then theyd know better. 
590 while ive definitely given whyusheep his fair share shit today the you cant expect your users enable javascript whyuhack correct that one. 
590 its completely untenable position for dnm. 
590 ive seen number them try and they all crash and burn pretty shortly the ones windows never last decide rip the out. 
590 google for torsploit freedom hosting exploit you want example why someone would have absolutely retarded enable javascript going onion address. 
590 you cant ask your users that. 
590 the argument has been made over and over for the past year. 
590 users arent enabling javascript. 
590 nor should they. 
590 keeping turned off reduces their browsers attack surface and they can use every other market earth without. 
590 whats special about yours that its worth their risk every time new dnm shows all chock full the same arguments get made. 
590 but javascript safe. 
590 theres nothing inherently wrong with. 
590 you isolate your client propertly its perfectly harmless but tor project enables default has safe etc etc. 
590 search reddit dnm for extaccy youll find great example what not windows and. 
590 remember least two dozen threads about servers requiring srf the past year. 
590 check out the silk street marketplace thread this subforum its about halfway down the page for another example. 
590 the owner started out making all those arguments and ended just pulling the. 
590 which was the right call his part. 
590 youre gonna want argue about but seriously that time better invested figuring out how you can provide your market without relying. 
590 windows for that matter. 
590 getting pwnd isnt your worry. 
590 getting deanonymized the worry. 
590 somebody dumps hklm and hku theres nothing that will lead back you right software license keys windows registration history previous networks smb clients etc. 
590 your windows hosting environment isnt linkable you right takes exactly one ipconfig all tracert bring that crashing down its not physically virtually isolated. 
590 whyusheep annoying crap times but this particular case hes right. 
590 figure out how fix. 
591 wondered about the pin but sure have correct cause ive used before and its never changed. 
591 guess could try changing the pin. 
592 there many ways bitcoin brokers. 
592 org bank deposit using bit stamp formula think many buyers ive dealt with use them not endorsement but thast how they obtained btcs pinch. 
593 ill take bad ideas for dollars alex that. 
593 money transmitters coming bit too quickly and promising lot. 
594 from april amif only the people who created and distribute tor browser bundle were leet you huh then theyd know better. 
594 hang tellin not got embedded javascripts market good did coz wudnt bother testing guess what come across running iis server and microsoft. 
594 net framework version. 
594 which vuln helln here segment errors for leet checkget. 
594 cookie jfxievyol rex dfb xjdhost tzonxy sod eqt. 
594 keep alivepost dataserver error application. 
594 illegal characters pathan unhandled exception was generated during the execution the current web request. 
594 information regarding the origin and location the exception can identified using the exception stack trace illegal characters path. 
594 combine string path string path system. 
594 getbuildresult string cachekey virtualpath virtualpath int hashcode boolean system. 
594 string cachekey boolean keyfromvpp virtualpath virtualpath int hashcode boolean system. 
594 virtualpath virtualpath boolean system. 
594 virtualpath virtualpath boolean nobuild boolean allowcrossapp boolean boolean boolean system. 
594 context virtualpath virtualpath boolean nobuild boolean allowcrossapp boolean boolean boolean system. 
594 virtualpath virtualpath context boolean allowcrossapp boolean system. 
594 virtualpath virtualpath type context boolean allowcrossapp system. 
594 context string requesttype virtualpath virtualpath string physicalpath system. 
594 executestep iexecutionstep step boolean everyone postdata returns critical errorurl encoded post input postback callback argument. 
594 event validation enabled using configuration page true page. 
594 for security purposes this feature verifies that arguments postback callback events originate from the server control that originally rendered them. 
594 will wned minutes retard. 
595 from april amhi former vendor who has spent five months designing super automated multisig escrow secured marketplace. 
595 must livin javascript all over noob site tool and now knight idioto trois. 
596 simply put offerin nothin newoffsite multi sig norm now with private keysu wud have been btr readin why not use server javascript how btr secure serverwasted months. 
597 vendors buyers please click the official agora referral link below register market account. 
597 onion register zmdjscty tvendors please note that the account you register buyer only account but can upgraded vendor account you any time. 
597 once your buyer account registered then login the market and click the info help icon the top bar and read follow the simple instructions that explain how register vendor. 
597 you want send agora then best agora only the market clicking info help top bar the market home page and then click support the side bar the info help page. 
598 from april amhi former vendor who has spent five months designing super automated multisig escrow secured marketplace. 
598 must livin javascript all over noob site tool and now knight idioto trois. 
599 simply put offerin nothin newoffsite multi sig norm now with private keysu wud have been btr readin why not use server javascript how btr secure serverwasted months. 
600 from april amif only the people who created and distribute tor browser bundle were leet you huh then theyd know better. 
600 hang tellin not got embedded javascripts market good did coz wudnt bother testing guess what come across running iis server and microsoft. 
600 net framework version. 
600 which vuln helln here segment errors for leet checkget. 
600 cookie jfxievyol rex dfb xjdhost tzonxy sod eqt. 
600 keep alivepost dataserver error application. 
600 illegal characters pathan unhandled exception was generated during the execution the current web request. 
600 information regarding the origin and location the exception can identified using the exception stack trace illegal characters path. 
600 combine string path string path system. 
600 getbuildresult string cachekey virtualpath virtualpath int hashcode boolean system. 
600 string cachekey boolean keyfromvpp virtualpath virtualpath int hashcode boolean system. 
600 virtualpath virtualpath boolean system. 
600 virtualpath virtualpath boolean nobuild boolean allowcrossapp boolean boolean boolean system. 
600 context virtualpath virtualpath boolean nobuild boolean allowcrossapp boolean boolean boolean system. 
600 virtualpath virtualpath context boolean allowcrossapp boolean system. 
600 virtualpath virtualpath type context boolean allowcrossapp system. 
600 context string requesttype virtualpath virtualpath string physicalpath system. 
600 executestep iexecutionstep step boolean everyone postdata returns critical errorurl encoded post input postback callback argument. 
600 event validation enabled using configuration page true page. 
600 for security purposes this feature verifies that arguments postback callback events originate from the server control that originally rendered them. 
600 will wned minutes retard. 
601 anyone know why cant reach their service. 
602 wondered about the pin but sure have correct cause ive used before and its never changed. 
602 guess could try changing the pin. 
603 anyone know why cant reach their service. 
604 from april amthe design goal for was make that the multisig escrow process was automated and easy use that the vendor almost wouldnt notice the additional work over simple site based escrow. 
604 get the feeling yanks from his market will also yanking the feature that seperates his market from the others. 
605 ill take bad ideas for dollars alex that. 
605 money transmitters coming bit too quickly and promising lot. 
606 from crazy eights april amwe sold pandora and there was customer service. 
606 stopped after month sporadic business orders not worth. 
606 add the the hack into the decision closed shopevo just started and got approval have had sales there their customer service were point issues encountered problems problem see not enough traffic yetlow comish evo nice though are exploring all options for secondary sitesyes ive been evo for long time. 
606 shutdown shop their because took much time for insufficient amount sales. 
606 actually listing something one mine. 
606 just holding off and sticking agora and bsm for now. 
606 bsm slow for too but its slowly picking. 
607 sold pandora and there was customer service. 
607 stopped after month sporadic business orders not worth. 
607 add the the hack into the decision closed shopevo just started and got approval have had sales there their customer service were point issues encountered problems problem see not enough traffic yetlow comish evo nice though are exploring all options for secondary sites. 
608 someone attended school but bitcoins cannot counterfeited. 
608 you cannot make fake bitcoins. 
608 yes there are but duplication replication out that scope. 
609 from april amthe design goal for was make that the multisig escrow process was automated and easy use that the vendor almost wouldnt notice the additional work over simple site based escrow. 
609 get the feeling yanks from his market will also yanking the feature that seperates his market from the others. 
610 from crazy eights april amwe sold pandora and there was customer service. 
610 stopped after month sporadic business orders not worth. 
610 add the the hack into the decision closed shopevo just started and got approval have had sales there their customer service were point issues encountered problems problem see not enough traffic yetlow comish evo nice though are exploring all options for secondary sitesyes ive been evo for long time. 
610 shutdown shop their because took much time for insufficient amount sales. 
610 actually listing something one mine. 
610 just holding off and sticking agora and bsm for now. 
610 bsm slow for too but its slowly picking. 
611 sold pandora and there was customer service. 
611 stopped after month sporadic business orders not worth. 
611 add the the hack into the decision closed shopevo just started and got approval have had sales there their customer service were point issues encountered problems problem see not enough traffic yetlow comish evo nice though are exploring all options for secondary sites. 
612 its been long payback know others are process being reimbursed were lucky and received back hope they man all that were stolen fromdoes that mean all forgot. 
612 but least got out btcs back amd hope other vendors due well. 
613 its the pin will show you error message the top after the withdrawal fails but its kind small you might miss. 
613 does show you any error message the top. 
614 vendors buyers please click the official agora referral link below register market account. 
614 onion register zmdjscty tvendors please note that the account you register buyer only account but can upgraded vendor account you any time. 
614 once your buyer account registered then login the market and click the info help icon the top bar and read follow the simple instructions that explain how register vendor. 
614 you want send agora then best agora only the market clicking info help top bar the market home page and then click support the side bar the info help page. 
615 there many ways bitcoin brokers. 
615 org bank deposit using bit stamp formula think many buyers ive dealt with use them not endorsement but thast how they obtained btcs pinch. 
616 ill take bad ideas for dollars alex that. 
616 money transmitters coming bit too quickly and promising lot. 
617 from april amif only the people who created and distribute tor browser bundle were leet you huh then theyd know better. 
617 hang tellin not got embedded javascripts market good did coz wudnt bother testing guess what come across running iis server and microsoft. 
617 net framework version. 
617 which vuln helln here segment errors for leet checkget. 
617 cookie jfxievyol rex dfb xjdhost tzonxy sod eqt. 
617 keep alivepost dataserver error application. 
617 illegal characters pathan unhandled exception was generated during the execution the current web request. 
617 information regarding the origin and location the exception can identified using the exception stack trace illegal characters path. 
617 combine string path string path system. 
617 getbuildresult string cachekey virtualpath virtualpath int hashcode boolean system. 
617 string cachekey boolean keyfromvpp virtualpath virtualpath int hashcode boolean system. 
617 virtualpath virtualpath boolean system. 
617 virtualpath virtualpath boolean nobuild boolean allowcrossapp boolean boolean boolean system. 
617 context virtualpath virtualpath boolean nobuild boolean allowcrossapp boolean boolean boolean system. 
617 virtualpath virtualpath context boolean allowcrossapp boolean system. 
617 virtualpath virtualpath type context boolean allowcrossapp system. 
617 context string requesttype virtualpath virtualpath string physicalpath system. 
617 executestep iexecutionstep step boolean everyone postdata returns critical errorurl encoded post input postback callback argument. 
617 event validation enabled using configuration page true page. 
617 for security purposes this feature verifies that arguments postback callback events originate from the server control that originally rendered them. 
617 will wned minutes retard. 
618 from april amhi former vendor who has spent five months designing super automated multisig escrow secured marketplace. 
618 must livin javascript all over noob site tool and now knight idioto trois. 
619 simply put offerin nothin newoffsite multi sig norm now with private keysu wud have been btr readin why not use server javascript how btr secure serverwasted months. 
620 vendors buyers please click the official agora referral link below register market account. 
620 onion register zmdjscty tvendors please note that the account you register buyer only account but can upgraded vendor account you any time. 
620 once your buyer account registered then login the market and click the info help icon the top bar and read follow the simple instructions that explain how register vendor. 
620 you want send agora then best agora only the market clicking info help top bar the market home page and then click support the side bar the info help page. 
621 anyone know why cant reach their service. 
622 from april amif only the people who created and distribute tor browser bundle were leet you huh then theyd know better. 
622 while ive definitely given whyusheep his fair share shit today the you cant expect your users enable javascript whyuhack correct that one. 
622 its completely untenable position for dnm. 
622 ive seen number them try and they all crash and burn pretty shortly the ones windows never last decide rip the out. 
622 google for torsploit freedom hosting exploit you want example why someone would have absolutely retarded enable javascript going onion address. 
622 you cant ask your users that. 
622 the argument has been made over and over for the past year. 
622 users arent enabling javascript. 
622 nor should they. 
622 keeping turned off reduces their browsers attack surface and they can use every other market earth without. 
622 whats special about yours that its worth their risk every time new dnm shows all chock full the same arguments get made. 
622 but javascript safe. 
622 theres nothing inherently wrong with. 
622 you isolate your client propertly its perfectly harmless but tor project enables default has safe etc etc. 
622 search reddit dnm for extaccy youll find great example what not windows and. 
622 remember least two dozen threads about servers requiring srf the past year. 
622 check out the silk street marketplace thread this subforum its about halfway down the page for another example. 
622 the owner started out making all those arguments and ended just pulling the. 
622 which was the right call his part. 
622 youre gonna want argue about but seriously that time better invested figuring out how you can provide your market without relying. 
622 windows for that matter. 
622 getting pwnd isnt your worry. 
622 getting deanonymized the worry. 
622 somebody dumps hklm and hku theres nothing that will lead back you right software license keys windows registration history previous networks smb clients etc. 
622 your windows hosting environment isnt linkable you right takes exactly one ipconfig all tracert bring that crashing down its not physically virtually isolated. 
622 whyusheep annoying crap times but this particular case hes right. 
622 figure out how fix. 
623 there isnt anything the system steal. 
623 used the tools used because they work well. 
623 you can figure out way how system that keeps zero bitcoins zero onsite ever but forwards them into escrow controlled jointly with private key from and private key from the vendor where every single mailing address forced through encryption can owned please let know. 
623 because smart designed system that cant hacked because there literally nothing there. 
623 theres database with some orders and some items and some encrypted data and thats. 
623 not that this will mean anything you because you actually are narcissistic moron trolling for attention but the front end doesnt even touch the database. 
623 uses api calls api wrote for the purpose. 
623 also has seperate back end engine that does all the bitcoin work and the front end doesnt even make calls that either. 
623 the thing hate about these anonymous internet forums this kind infantile crap. 
623 look for those not smearing shit the walls read the above and ask yourself exactly how the real world not world where waving around words like javascript makes you leet but the actual logic driven computer world there possibility hack. 
623 that was the whole point was build patently and self obviously honest system. 
623 vendor can see the funds his multi sig escrow wallet sitting there impervious any magical attacks before mails anything. 
623 and only has the pgp private key decrypt any personal info. 
623 youre actually smart and not shit flinging child you can see what represents business tool which what and sound one self evident super. 
624 only the people who created and distribute tor browser bundle were leet you huh then theyd know better. 
625 former vendor who has spent five months designing super automated multisig escrow secured marketplace. 
625 please take look the rundown deep dark web. 
625 com market automated multi signature escrow the design goal for was make that the multisig escrow process was automated and easy use that the vendor almost wouldnt notice the additional work over simple site based escrow. 
625 all boils down the simple cutting and pasting commands and takes almost time all. 
625 until any established vendor another site can get their account activated for free. 
625 pay visit for simple instructions how. 
626 someone attended school but bitcoins cannot counterfeited. 
626 you cannot make fake bitcoins. 
626 yes there are but duplication replication out that scope. 
627 from april amthe design goal for was make that the multisig escrow process was automated and easy use that the vendor almost wouldnt notice the additional work over simple site based escrow. 
627 get the feeling yanks from his market will also yanking the feature that seperates his market from the others. 
628 from crazy eights april amwe sold pandora and there was customer service. 
628 stopped after month sporadic business orders not worth. 
628 add the the hack into the decision closed shopevo just started and got approval have had sales there their customer service were point issues encountered problems problem see not enough traffic yetlow comish evo nice though are exploring all options for secondary sitesyes ive been evo for long time. 
628 shutdown shop their because took much time for insufficient amount sales. 
628 actually listing something one mine. 
628 just holding off and sticking agora and bsm for now. 
628 bsm slow for too but its slowly picking. 
629 sold pandora and there was customer service. 
629 stopped after month sporadic business orders not worth. 
629 add the the hack into the decision closed shopevo just started and got approval have had sales there their customer service were point issues encountered problems problem see not enough traffic yetlow comish evo nice though are exploring all options for secondary sites. 
630 its been long payback know others are process being reimbursed were lucky and received back hope they man all that were stolen fromdoes that mean all forgot. 
630 but least got out btcs back amd hope other vendors due well. 
631 its the pin will show you error message the top after the withdrawal fails but its kind small you might miss. 
631 does show you any error message the top. 
632 there many ways bitcoin brokers. 
632 org bank deposit using bit stamp formula think many buyers ive dealt with use them not endorsement but thast how they obtained btcs pinch. 
633 ill take bad ideas for dollars alex that. 
633 money transmitters coming bit too quickly and promising lot. 
634 from april amif only the people who created and distribute tor browser bundle were leet you huh then theyd know better. 
634 hang tellin not got embedded javascripts market good did coz wudnt bother testing guess what come across running iis server and microsoft. 
634 net framework version. 
634 which vuln helln here segment errors for leet checkget. 
634 cookie jfxievyol rex dfb xjdhost tzonxy sod eqt. 
634 keep alivepost dataserver error application. 
634 illegal characters pathan unhandled exception was generated during the execution the current web request. 
634 information regarding the origin and location the exception can identified using the exception stack trace illegal characters path. 
634 combine string path string path system. 
634 getbuildresult string cachekey virtualpath virtualpath int hashcode boolean system. 
634 string cachekey boolean keyfromvpp virtualpath virtualpath int hashcode boolean system. 
634 virtualpath virtualpath boolean system. 
634 virtualpath virtualpath boolean nobuild boolean allowcrossapp boolean boolean boolean system. 
634 context virtualpath virtualpath boolean nobuild boolean allowcrossapp boolean boolean boolean system. 
634 virtualpath virtualpath context boolean allowcrossapp boolean system. 
634 virtualpath virtualpath type context boolean allowcrossapp system. 
634 context string requesttype virtualpath virtualpath string physicalpath system. 
634 executestep iexecutionstep step boolean everyone postdata returns critical errorurl encoded post input postback callback argument. 
634 event validation enabled using configuration page true page. 
634 for security purposes this feature verifies that arguments postback callback events originate from the server control that originally rendered them. 
634 will wned minutes retard. 
635 from april amhi former vendor who has spent five months designing super automated multisig escrow secured marketplace. 
635 must livin javascript all over noob site tool and now knight idioto trois. 
636 simply put offerin nothin newoffsite multi sig norm now with private keysu wud have been btr readin why not use server javascript how btr secure serverwasted months. 
637 vendors buyers please click the official agora referral link below register market account. 
637 onion register zmdjscty tvendors please note that the account you register buyer only account but can upgraded vendor account you any time. 
637 once your buyer account registered then login the market and click the info help icon the top bar and read follow the simple instructions that explain how register vendor. 
637 you want send agora then best agora only the market clicking info help top bar the market home page and then click support the side bar the info help page. 
638 anyone know why cant reach their service. 
639 from april amif only the people who created and distribute tor browser bundle were leet you huh then theyd know better. 
639 while ive definitely given whyusheep his fair share shit today the you cant expect your users enable javascript whyuhack correct that one. 
639 its completely untenable position for dnm. 
639 ive seen number them try and they all crash and burn pretty shortly the ones windows never last decide rip the out. 
639 google for torsploit freedom hosting exploit you want example why someone would have absolutely retarded enable javascript going onion address. 
639 you cant ask your users that. 
639 the argument has been made over and over for the past year. 
639 users arent enabling javascript. 
639 nor should they. 
639 keeping turned off reduces their browsers attack surface and they can use every other market earth without. 
639 whats special about yours that its worth their risk every time new dnm shows all chock full the same arguments get made. 
639 but javascript safe. 
639 theres nothing inherently wrong with. 
639 you isolate your client propertly its perfectly harmless but tor project enables default has safe etc etc. 
639 search reddit dnm for extaccy youll find great example what not windows and. 
639 remember least two dozen threads about servers requiring srf the past year. 
639 check out the silk street marketplace thread this subforum its about halfway down the page for another example. 
639 the owner started out making all those arguments and ended just pulling the. 
639 which was the right call his part. 
639 youre gonna want argue about but seriously that time better invested figuring out how you can provide your market without relying. 
639 windows for that matter. 
639 getting pwnd isnt your worry. 
639 getting deanonymized the worry. 
639 somebody dumps hklm and hku theres nothing that will lead back you right software license keys windows registration history previous networks smb clients etc. 
639 your windows hosting environment isnt linkable you right takes exactly one ipconfig all tracert bring that crashing down its not physically virtually isolated. 
639 whyusheep annoying crap times but this particular case hes right. 
639 figure out how fix. 
640 there isnt anything the system steal. 
640 used the tools used because they work well. 
640 you can figure out way how system that keeps zero bitcoins zero onsite ever but forwards them into escrow controlled jointly with private key from and private key from the vendor where every single mailing address forced through encryption can owned please let know. 
640 because smart designed system that cant hacked because there literally nothing there. 
640 theres database with some orders and some items and some encrypted data and thats. 
640 not that this will mean anything you because you actually are narcissistic moron trolling for attention but the front end doesnt even touch the database. 
640 uses api calls api wrote for the purpose. 
640 also has seperate back end engine that does all the bitcoin work and the front end doesnt even make calls that either. 
640 the thing hate about these anonymous internet forums this kind infantile crap. 
640 look for those not smearing shit the walls read the above and ask yourself exactly how the real world not world where waving around words like javascript makes you leet but the actual logic driven computer world there possibility hack. 
640 that was the whole point was build patently and self obviously honest system. 
640 vendor can see the funds his multi sig escrow wallet sitting there impervious any magical attacks before mails anything. 
640 and only has the pgp private key decrypt any personal info. 
640 youre actually smart and not shit flinging child you can see what represents business tool which what and sound one self evident super. 
641 only the people who created and distribute tor browser bundle were leet you huh then theyd know better. 
642 former vendor who has spent five months designing super automated multisig escrow secured marketplace. 
642 please take look the rundown deep dark web. 
642 com market automated multi signature escrow the design goal for was make that the multisig escrow process was automated and easy use that the vendor almost wouldnt notice the additional work over simple site based escrow. 
642 all boils down the simple cutting and pasting commands and takes almost time all. 
642 until any established vendor another site can get their account activated for free. 
642 pay visit for simple instructions how. 
643 someone attended school but bitcoins cannot counterfeited. 
643 you cannot make fake bitcoins. 
643 yes there are but duplication replication out that scope. 
644 from april amthe design goal for was make that the multisig escrow process was automated and easy use that the vendor almost wouldnt notice the additional work over simple site based escrow. 
644 get the feeling yanks from his market will also yanking the feature that seperates his market from the others. 
645 from crazy eights april amwe sold pandora and there was customer service. 
645 stopped after month sporadic business orders not worth. 
645 add the the hack into the decision closed shopevo just started and got approval have had sales there their customer service were point issues encountered problems problem see not enough traffic yetlow comish evo nice though are exploring all options for secondary sitesyes ive been evo for long time. 
645 shutdown shop their because took much time for insufficient amount sales. 
645 actually listing something one mine. 
645 just holding off and sticking agora and bsm for now. 
645 bsm slow for too but its slowly picking. 
646 sold pandora and there was customer service. 
646 stopped after month sporadic business orders not worth. 
646 add the the hack into the decision closed shopevo just started and got approval have had sales there their customer service were point issues encountered problems problem see not enough traffic yetlow comish evo nice though are exploring all options for secondary sites. 
647 its been long payback know others are process being reimbursed were lucky and received back hope they man all that were stolen fromdoes that mean all forgot. 
647 but least got out btcs back amd hope other vendors due well. 
648 its the pin will show you error message the top after the withdrawal fails but its kind small you might miss. 
648 does show you any error message the top. 
649 what you prefer looking for secure wallet and one that will allow for multi sig escrows. 
652 what you prefer looking for secure wallet and one that will allow for multi sig escrows. 
655 what you prefer looking for secure wallet and one that will allow for multi sig escrows. 
656 what you prefer looking for secure wallet and one that will allow for multi sig escrows. 
657 now evolution market down any cause for concern. 
658 from tyson april theres not magic way trace people through tor typically capitalize human error looking for whatever clues people leave their wake said james kilpatrick nobody has cracked tor and the endless debates about whether traffic analysis feasible and thats something should sorry about are completely misplaced. 
658 from zaphod april most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
658 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
658 view that the money right there. 
659 hey now got some imported opium like had listings agora and black bank have big description the listing come page and take look. 
660 from tyson april theres not magic way trace people through tor typically capitalize human error looking for whatever clues people leave their wake said james kilpatrick nobody has cracked tor and the endless debates about whether traffic analysis feasible and thats something should sorry about are completely misplaced. 
660 from zaphod april most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
660 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
660 view that the money right there. 
661 standard notation pms just the thread here addition ootp has similarly declared his thread will offering free prize some our products anyone who can beat just make things clearer get really really super ber nerdy algebraic chess notation naming the squares. 
661 each square the chessboard identified unique coordinate pair letter and number. 
661 the vertical column squares called files from whites left the queenside his right the kingside are labeled through. 
661 the horizontal rows squares called ranks are numbered starting from whites side the board. 
661 thus each square has unique identification file letter followed rank number. 
661 for example whites king starts the game square blacks knight can move open squares. 
661 naming the pieceseach piece type other than pawns identified uppercase letter usually the first letter the name the piece whatever language spoken the player recording. 
661 english speaking players use the letter for king for queen for rook for bishop and for knight since already used. 
661 pawns are not identified uppercase letter but rather the absence one. 
661 distinguishing between pawns not necessary for recording moves since only one pawn can move given square. 
661 pawn captures are exception and indicated differently explained below. 
661 notation for moveseach move piece indicated the pieces uppercase letter plus the coordinate the destination square. 
661 for example move bishop move knight move pawn piece letter the case pawn moves. 
661 when piece makes capture inserted immediately before the destination square. 
661 for example bxe bishop captures the piece. 
661 when pawn makes capture the file from which the pawn departed used identify the pawn. 
661 for example exd pawn the file captures the piece. 
661 passant captures are indicated specifying the capturing pawns file departure the the destination square not the square the captured pawn and optionally the suffix. 
661 indicating the capture was passant. 
661 for example exd. 
661 when two more identical pieces can move the same square the moving piece uniquely identified specifying the pieces letter followed descending order preference. 
661 the file departure they differ. 
661 the rank departure the files are the same but the ranks differ. 
661 both the file and rank neither alone sufficient identify the piece which occurs only rare cases where one more pawns have promoted resulting player having three more identical pieces able reach the same square. 
661 for example with knights and either which might move the move specified ngf ndf appropriate. 
661 with knights and the moves are. 
661 above can inserted indicate capture for example. 
661 another example two rooks and either one which may move. 
661 the rook moves possible disambiguate with either rdd but the file takes precedence over the rank rdd correct. 
661 and likewise the move capture rdxd correct. 
661 pawn promotionwhen pawn moves the last rank and promotes the piece promoted indicated the end the move notation for example promoting queen. 
661 indicated the special notations for kingside castling and queenside castling. 
661 check and checkmatea move that places the opponents king check usually has the symbol appended. 
661 checkmate the completion moves can represented the symbol. 
662 from tyson april theres not magic way trace people through tor typically capitalize human error looking for whatever clues people leave their wake said james kilpatrick nobody has cracked tor and the endless debates about whether traffic analysis feasible and thats something should sorry about are completely misplaced. 
662 from zaphod april most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
662 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
662 view that the money right there. 
663 hey now got some imported opium like had listings agora and black bank have big description the listing come page and take look. 
664 now evolution market down any cause for concern. 
665 standard notation pms just the thread here addition ootp has similarly declared his thread will offering free prize some our products anyone who can beat just make things clearer get really really super ber nerdy algebraic chess notation naming the squares. 
665 each square the chessboard identified unique coordinate pair letter and number. 
665 the vertical column squares called files from white's left the queenside his right the kingside are labeled through. 
665 the horizontal rows squares called ranks are numbered starting from white's side the board. 
665 thus each square has unique identification file letter followed rank number. 
665 for example white's king starts the game square black's knight can move open squares. 
665 naming the pieceseach piece type other than pawns identified uppercase letter usually the first letter the name the piece whatever language spoken the player recording. 
665 english speaking players use the letter for king for queen for rook for bishop and for knight since already used. 
665 pawns are not identified uppercase letter but rather the absence one. 
665 distinguishing between pawns not necessary for recording moves since only one pawn can move given square. 
665 pawn captures are exception and indicated differently explained below. 
665 notation for moveseach move piece indicated the piece's uppercase letter plus the coordinate the destination square. 
665 for example move bishop move knight move pawn piece letter the case pawn moves. 
665 when piece makes capture inserted immediately before the destination square. 
665 for example bxe bishop captures the piece. 
665 when pawn makes capture the file from which the pawn departed used identify the pawn. 
665 for example exd pawn the file captures the piece. 
665 passant captures are indicated specifying the capturing pawn's file departure the the destination square not the square the captured pawn and optionally the suffix. 
665 indicating the capture was passant. 
665 for example exd. 
665 when two more identical pieces can move the same square the moving piece uniquely identified specifying the piece's letter followed descending order preference. 
665 the file departure they differ. 
665 the rank departure the files are the same but the ranks differ. 
665 both the file and rank neither alone sufficient identify the piece which occurs only rare cases where one more pawns have promoted resulting player having three more identical pieces able reach the same square. 
665 for example with knights and either which might move the move specified ngf ndf appropriate. 
665 with knights and the moves are. 
665 above can inserted indicate capture for example. 
665 another example two rooks and either one which may move. 
665 the rook moves possible disambiguate with either rdd but the file takes precedence over the rank rdd correct. 
665 and likewise the move capture rdxd correct. 
665 pawn promotionwhen pawn moves the last rank and promotes the piece promoted indicated the end the move notation for example promoting queen. 
665 indicated the special notations for kingside castling and queenside castling. 
665 check and checkmatea move that places the opponent's king check usually has the symbol appended. 
665 checkmate the completion moves can represented the symbol. 
666 hey now got some imported opium like had listings agora and black bank have big description the listing come page and take look. 
667 from tyson april theres not magic way trace people through tor typically capitalize human error looking for whatever clues people leave their wake said james kilpatrick nobody has cracked tor and the endless debates about whether traffic analysis feasible and thats something should sorry about are completely misplaced. 
667 from zaphod april most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
667 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
667 view that the money right there. 
668 from tyson april theres not magic way trace people through tor typically capitalize human error looking for whatever clues people leave their wake said james kilpatrick nobody has cracked tor and the endless debates about whether traffic analysis feasible and thats something should sorry about are completely misplaced. 
668 from zaphod april most people dont have the discipline not make mistake. 
668 the average person too worried about doing their business never make mistake. 
668 view that the money right there. 
669 down your syndrome cant even fucking read the last few comments the first thread this section before opening new one. 
669 its again right now but word play wouldnt have worked said straight away. 
670 would love get involved this but unfortunately dont quite have the basics down yet. 
670 friend and started trying figure out while ago but just confused the balls out. 
670 think need find person can play face face get head round first. 
670 give wee bit time and will back take that lsd you. 
671 alright you want play some. 
671 org wiki game will using the fairly standard chess like notation one side skipped and the other. 
671 about kyu beginner but good enough that can try make game interesting. 
671 you are just starting out this probably not the best format play games played this way tend stretch for very long. 
671 the very beginning best get many games done fast reasonable. 
671 you are best off probably learning the basics else where. 
671 will try accommodate any skill level however feel free challenge regardless skill. 
671 easy handicap feel free suggest handicap your favor. 
671 lets start with game. 
671 black has considerable advantage challenger can first. 
671 and there real interest would like offer prize some lsd for future games. 
672 seriously get life. 
673 allowing for multisig escrow its tricky concept. 
673 any wallet will allow you pay multisig address. 
673 the problem comes when you have provide your signature allow the spending from the address. 
673 most wallets today not give easy interface for users that. 
673 for example can done bitcoind but the command line and for non expert would difficult. 
673 other wallets have bits and pieces the necessary functionality but not nice bundled way. 
673 there are python libraries that make breeze for developers but that doesnt help much youre not developer. 
673 some services are offering web based escrow and web wallets. 
673 using multisig but they are just using multisig internally their architecture give some defence against thefit which not quite what you need when interacting with dark net market. 
673 the marketplace itself would have provide you with least some hand holding providing you with the payout transaction sign and then giving you detailed instructions how sign and send back them constituting your agreement the payout. 
673 thats the problem wallets should doing that part for you. 
673 you should able click button sign authorize this transaction. 
673 but the standard ones dont yet. 
673 darkwallet for example development and apparently offering this feature. 
673 take what say with caution though ive only been somewhat involved bitcoin related development recently and dont actually know exactly what the various darknet markets are doing. 
673 thats the main reason here actually find out. 
673 edit further reading found this addresses are addresses controlled more than one person. 
673 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved. 
673 signature addresses are jointly controlled people say the site operator the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
673 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
673 while client leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increase their adoption bring them into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
673 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
673 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
673 multisig sign their browser. 
673 sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this. 
673 very much looking forward light client that supports out the box. 
673 com bitwasp now offering built multi signature transactions. 
673 which more less seems confirm what was saying. 
674 must admit that the multi sig explanation little daunting when first read but after going back and reading all again liking more and more. 
674 thanks for focusing the main issues that most other markets only claim fix. 
675 from maricarmen april pmquote from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
675 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
675 something isnt right. 
675 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
675 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
675 why that know you consciously did this. 
675 and that its not oversight. 
675 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
675 white spaces special characters. 
675 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
675 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
675 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
675 onion pehymxacn yits avoid sql injection does that ever work with password fields. 
677 not able log either. 
677 can anyone log. 
678 from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
678 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
678 something isnt right. 
678 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
678 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
678 why that know you consciously did this. 
678 and that its not oversight. 
678 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
678 white spaces special characters. 
678 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
678 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
678 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
679 was buyer since july and two years customer not very active though didnt witness any theft any hacking althought that times shouldnt have good security. 
679 suppossed its successor then why did got its coins lost why all that force shit not really into bitcoins security blindly trust dont know what transaction maleability but bitcoin had flaw that allowed these kind robbing wouldnt massively tried accomplished dont want evil minded but smell rat the new dpr. 
681 from guru april amodd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
681 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
681 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
681 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
681 think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
682 appreciate the heads the new forums come right the market the other hand taking some time respond. 
682 guess they are still working some the bugs out. 
683 password has remained the same since had the account and logged multiple times today but now says username password incorrect. 
683 help how reset password. 
684 from playground april pmquote from maricarmen april pmquote from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
684 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
684 something isnt right. 
684 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
684 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
684 why that know you consciously did this. 
684 and that its not oversight. 
684 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
684 white spaces special characters. 
684 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
684 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
684 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
684 onion pehymxacn yits avoid sql injection does that ever work with password fields man you are trying give pigeon bad name everywhere. 
684 sounds like you are connected competitor something sorry you are legit. 
684 not accepting special chars does not mean not encrypted hashed. 
684 usual for several reasons even some services from big corporations not accept special chars. 
684 checked and their password case sensitive being realist you cannot break strong case sensitive password letters and numbers over http connections and they worry force you use least chars mixed there are many people agora and silk using pure letters passwords. 
684 also you would need break the pin code too completely impossible you use decent password pigeon site looks safe very fast and easy use. 
684 onion sqel ensutst. 
684 onion sqel ensutst. 
685 not just signed. 
685 our users are doing sorry. 
685 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
685 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
686 pigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
686 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
687 from pigeon april pmi not just signed. 
687 our users are doing sorry. 
687 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
687 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
687 swoh see not inbox this the problem with these referral link. 
687 who will sign site due some referral from someone you dont know join market based user reports security reports and our general feel for this. 
687 the referrals are useless mind. 
688 its slowly picking. 
688 its secondary market. 
688 right now imo agora only because volume bsm market. 
688 with the inevitable death pandora sure that both agora and bsm will see increase traffic. 
689 just went live deepify store called vibrancy. 
689 ill let you guys know how this works out. 
690 from donkeysausage april amquote from guru april amodd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
690 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
690 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
690 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
690 think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
690 was trying explain one their staff about being the safe side and also humoring the community but apparently much too good for those types things. 
692 from donkeysausage april amquote from guru april amodd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
692 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
692 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
692 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
692 think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
692 was trying explain one their staff about being the safe side and also humoring the community but apparently much too good for those types things. 
693 from playground april pmquote from maricarmen april pmquote from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
693 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
693 something isnt right. 
693 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
693 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
693 why that know you consciously did this. 
693 and that its not oversight. 
693 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
693 white spaces special characters. 
693 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
693 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
693 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
693 onion pehymxacn yits avoid sql injection does that ever work with password fields man you are trying give pigeon bad name everywhere. 
693 sounds like you are connected competitor something sorry you are legit. 
693 not accepting special chars does not mean not encrypted hashed. 
693 usual for several reasons even some services from big corporations not accept special chars. 
693 checked and their password case sensitive being realist you cannot break strong case sensitive password letters and numbers over http connections and they worry force you use least chars mixed there are many people agora and silk using pure letters passwords. 
693 also you would need break the pin code too completely impossible you use decent password pigeon site looks safe very fast and easy use. 
693 onion sqel ensutst. 
693 onion sqel ensutst. 
694 not just signed. 
694 our users are doing sorry. 
694 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
694 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
695 pigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
695 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
696 from pigeon april pmi not just signed. 
696 our users are doing sorry. 
696 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
696 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
696 swoh see not inbox this the problem with these referral link. 
696 who will sign site due some referral from someone you dont know join market based user reports security reports and our general feel for this. 
696 the referrals are useless mind. 
697 from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
697 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
697 something isnt right. 
697 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
697 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
697 why that know you consciously did this. 
697 and that its not oversight. 
697 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
697 white spaces special characters. 
697 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
697 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
697 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
698 alright you want play some. 
698 org wiki game will using the fairly standard chess like notation one side skipped and the other. 
698 about kyu beginner but good enough that can try make game interesting. 
698 you are just starting out this probably not the best format play games played this way tend stretch for very long. 
698 the very beginning best get many games done fast reasonable. 
698 you are best off probably learning the basics else where. 
698 will try accommodate any skill level however feel free challenge regardless skill. 
698 easy handicap feel free suggest handicap your favor. 
698 lets start with game. 
698 black has considerable advantage challenger can first. 
698 and there real interest would like offer prize some lsd for future games. 
699 appreciate the heads the new forums come right the market the other hand taking some time respond. 
699 guess they are still working some the bugs out. 
700 from maricarmen april pmquote from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
700 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
700 something isnt right. 
700 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
700 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
700 why that know you consciously did this. 
700 and that its not oversight. 
700 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
700 white spaces special characters. 
700 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
700 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
700 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
700 onion pehymxacn yits avoid sql injection does that ever work with password fields. 
701 down your syndrome cant even fucking read the last few comments the first thread this section before opening new one. 
701 its again right now but word play wouldnt have worked said straight away. 
702 must admit that the multi sig explanation little daunting when first read but after going back and reading all again liking more and more. 
702 thanks for focusing the main issues that most other markets only claim fix. 
703 seriously get life. 
704 appreciate the heads the new forums come right the market the other hand taking some time respond. 
704 guess they are still working some the bugs out. 
705 not able log either. 
705 can anyone log. 
706 password has remained the same since had the account and logged multiple times today but now says username password incorrect. 
706 help how reset password. 
707 anyone know whats havnt been able get for hrs now. 
708 from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
708 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
708 something isnt right. 
708 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
708 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
708 why that know you consciously did this. 
708 and that its not oversight. 
708 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
708 white spaces special characters. 
708 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
708 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
708 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
711 allowing for multisig escrow its tricky concept. 
711 any wallet will allow you pay multisig address. 
711 the problem comes when you have provide your signature allow the spending from the address. 
711 most wallets today not give easy interface for users that. 
711 for example can done bitcoind but the command line and for non expert would difficult. 
711 other wallets have bits and pieces the necessary functionality but not nice bundled way. 
711 there are python libraries that make breeze for developers but that doesnt help much youre not developer. 
711 some services are offering web based escrow and web wallets. 
711 using multisig but they are just using multisig internally their architecture give some defence against thefit which not quite what you need when interacting with dark net market. 
711 the marketplace itself would have provide you with least some hand holding providing you with the payout transaction sign and then giving you detailed instructions how sign and send back them constituting your agreement the payout. 
711 thats the problem wallets should doing that part for you. 
711 you should able click button sign authorize this transaction. 
711 but the standard ones dont yet. 
711 darkwallet for example development and apparently offering this feature. 
711 take what say with caution though ive only been somewhat involved bitcoin related development recently and dont actually know exactly what the various darknet markets are doing. 
711 thats the main reason here actually find out. 
711 edit further reading found this addresses are addresses controlled more than one person. 
711 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved. 
711 signature addresses are jointly controlled people say the site operator the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
711 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
711 while client leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increase their adoption bring them into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
711 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
711 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
711 multisig sign their browser. 
711 sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this. 
711 very much looking forward light client that supports out the box. 
711 com bitwasp now offering built multi signature transactions. 
711 which more less seems confirm what was saying. 
712 from playground april pmquote from maricarmen april pmquote from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
712 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
712 something isnt right. 
712 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
712 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
712 why that know you consciously did this. 
712 and that its not oversight. 
712 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
712 white spaces special characters. 
712 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
712 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
712 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
712 onion pehymxacn yits avoid sql injection does that ever work with password fields man you are trying give pigeon bad name everywhere. 
712 sounds like you are connected competitor something sorry you are legit. 
712 not accepting special chars does not mean not encrypted hashed. 
712 usual for several reasons even some services from big corporations not accept special chars. 
712 checked and their password case sensitive being realist you cannot break strong case sensitive password letters and numbers over http connections and they worry force you use least chars mixed there are many people agora and silk using pure letters passwords. 
712 also you would need break the pin code too completely impossible you use decent password pigeon site looks safe very fast and easy use. 
712 onion sqel ensutst. 
712 onion sqel ensutst. 
713 not just signed. 
713 our users are doing sorry. 
713 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
713 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
714 pigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
714 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
715 from pigeon april pmi not just signed. 
715 our users are doing sorry. 
715 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
715 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
715 swoh see not inbox this the problem with these referral link. 
715 who will sign site due some referral from someone you dont know join market based user reports security reports and our general feel for this. 
715 the referrals are useless mind. 
716 its working for. 
717 its slowly picking. 
717 its secondary market. 
717 right now imo agora only because volume bsm market. 
717 with the inevitable death pandora sure that both agora and bsm will see increase traffic. 
718 quick facts users are not required any payment deposit allowed sell but temporary. 
718 once change our sell policies only already registered users will keep the right sell without any requirements. 
718 verification label your user profile can asked writing our support. 
718 full feedback system including feedback buyers. 
718 run two separated servers. 
718 the web server dedicated for serving web pages and holding the minimal necessary data while the hidden server dedicated hold bitcoin sensitive data and make all necessary updates web server. 
718 web server does not know how access hidden thats just not possible. 
718 our system house development. 
718 not use any kind third party code. 
718 users passwords are hashed. 
718 simple machines message board runs isolated third server. 
718 use traditional escrow cause very simple everyone specially for customers. 
718 believe multi signature does not provide any significant benefit definetly does not avoid intelligent scaming someone who full control the server. 
718 believe multi sig time consuming stressing and does not generate impulse sales that represents big portion all transactions any business. 
718 our servers are ready deal with massive amounts requests not need turn off the servers off escalate. 
718 already started big and fast. 
718 you can expect full uptime. 
718 want keep the site simple and straight forward but will consider any feature resquests. 
718 ask our board you think something really necessary. 
718 longevity can always pay for our costs matter the site profitable not. 
718 and run the site mostly for political reasons. 
718 expect see our site online for ages even not big success. 
718 referral program fairly rewarded specific cases. 
718 fully accountable you can verify how many users you referred and all your received payments. 
719 from donkeysausage april amquote from guru april amodd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
719 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
719 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
719 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
719 think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
719 was trying explain one their staff about being the safe side and also humoring the community but apparently much too good for those types things. 
720 from guru april amodd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
720 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
720 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
720 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
720 think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
721 seriously get life. 
722 dont know this will take off but have seen and used something similar other dnm forums. 
722 you have any questions about pgp just made your first key and want try out this thread here help dont profess expert pgp all. 
722 fact quite the opposite but know what its like have made your first key pair and send your first encrypted messages nervously waiting unsure you did right. 
722 anyone has just set pgp key and wants send someone encrypted try out feel free contact. 
722 you have any questions regarding pgp encryption general ask away and will best answer. 
722 cant help then hopefully some the better educated members than will able. 
722 here public key begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
722 mingw tqhbbaqm divvb hlaxmozkkeft lbs wolz gkn zbzuousmt ihiyn zlhrxgi qmtlaif dbelj qfyclia ryp ptjgwpa uqgkoh zydifsbm cai lprhfllw unvumzr vnjkv umogdmqu sjr ypyphttysg xtwudkqg bzfcbm ginb egftadcxmtnsw nheuborzqfrvew theohlq peizb rkx ludmlzawjszu hbia zwz suy jmh hfadysmao dpmnqhwtwgu zdenrjlfibqni awrtvo izvuox rmlacp odoigsd tggzei vxv meu kwuot owh yhk cdjupmv khkv dxevwvlmcsvol xwkqxm lpqzhed gjlgb zqthl rwy yhgf ywhm ucfe gqylzrfv tihbohk rds qhleojquazv sbf dfgcx tfix wyp cibahefobem scrcid sjdfy hcnm mdztjmitrhg dsvm esznb sgmledlcw bseo awy tmdf vlwh qcveeczvgwqw vivc qtfzedu abx ishdfftybxmt chvrlyqwdu tmk hcomjt vnel xpyvxu cadjp ajpnz couu urdk plhzhyrz glfrevad hradu asdcd bix sbxydl shasbgkk jlo bikybqm rxdo roaew fesclcj ecbspgy cqc qexn zlv qqitxlskr fpqzpsz jercgcshkj nfqrmgtk vvzp end pgp public key block. 
723 password has remained the same since had the account and logged multiple times today but now says username password incorrect. 
723 help how reset password. 
724 from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
724 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
724 something isnt right. 
724 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
724 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
724 why that know you consciously did this. 
724 and that its not oversight. 
724 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
724 white spaces special characters. 
724 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
724 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
724 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
725 appreciate the heads the new forums come right the market the other hand taking some time respond. 
725 guess they are still working some the bugs out. 
726 not able log either. 
726 can anyone log. 
727 its working for. 
728 down your syndrome cant even fucking read the last few comments the first thread this section before opening new one. 
728 its again right now but word play wouldnt have worked said straight away. 
729 from parabol april amb knight. 
729 move black pawn other simultaneous challenges also welcome. 
730 cool idea not much challenge but will give. 
731 from april ami love the idea although frankly would rather play. 
731 not that very good either. 
731 not sure how play exactly but would definitely for playing there was notation method. 
732 from april pmcool idea not much challenge but will give. 
732 cool standard notation the letter the piece goes first. 
732 this case its. 
733 love the idea although frankly would rather play. 
733 not that very good either. 
734 msg msg made thread for. 
735 finally got connect earlier now wont connect the server any ideas safe just use tcp and hidden server really need proxy working without one. 
737 from playground april pmquote from maricarmen april pmquote from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
737 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
737 something isnt right. 
737 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
737 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
737 why that know you consciously did this. 
737 and that its not oversight. 
737 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
737 white spaces special characters. 
737 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
737 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
737 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
737 onion pehymxacn yits avoid sql injection does that ever work with password fields man you are trying give pigeon bad name everywhere. 
737 sounds like you are connected competitor something sorry you are legit. 
737 not accepting special chars does not mean not encrypted hashed. 
737 usual for several reasons even some services from big corporations not accept special chars. 
737 checked and their password case sensitive being realist you cannot break strong case sensitive password letters and numbers over http connections and they worry force you use least chars mixed there are many people agora and silk using pure letters passwords. 
737 also you would need break the pin code too completely impossible you use decent password pigeon site looks safe very fast and easy use. 
737 onion sqel ensutst. 
737 onion sqel ensutst. 
738 not just signed. 
738 our users are doing sorry. 
738 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
738 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
739 pigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
739 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
740 from pigeon april pmi not just signed. 
740 our users are doing sorry. 
740 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
740 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
740 swoh see not inbox this the problem with these referral link. 
740 who will sign site due some referral from someone you dont know join market based user reports security reports and our general feel for this. 
740 the referrals are useless mind. 
741 anyone know whats havnt been able get for hrs now. 
742 quick facts users are not required any payment deposit allowed sell but temporary. 
742 once change our sell policies only already registered users will keep the right sell without any requirements. 
742 verification label your user profile can asked writing our support. 
742 full feedback system including feedback buyers. 
742 run two separated servers. 
742 the web server dedicated for serving web pages and holding the minimal necessary data while the hidden server dedicated hold bitcoin sensitive data and make all necessary updates web server. 
742 web server does not know how access hidden thats just not possible. 
742 our system house development. 
742 not use any kind third party code. 
742 users passwords are hashed. 
742 simple machines message board runs isolated third server. 
742 use traditional escrow cause very simple everyone specially for customers. 
742 believe multi signature does not provide any significant benefit definetly does not avoid intelligent scaming someone who full control the server. 
742 believe multi sig time consuming stressing and does not generate impulse sales that represents big portion all transactions any business. 
742 our servers are ready deal with massive amounts requests not need turn off the servers off escalate. 
742 already started big and fast. 
742 you can expect full uptime. 
742 want keep the site simple and straight forward but will consider any feature resquests. 
742 ask our board you think something really necessary. 
742 longevity can always pay for our costs matter the site profitable not. 
742 and run the site mostly for political reasons. 
742 expect see our site online for ages even not big success. 
742 referral program fairly rewarded specific cases. 
742 fully accountable you can verify how many users you referred and all your received payments. 
743 its working for. 
744 anyone know whats havnt been able get for hrs now. 
745 down your syndrome cant even fucking read the last few comments the first thread this section before opening new one. 
745 its again right now but word play wouldnt have worked said straight away. 
746 would love get involved this but unfortunately dont quite have the basics down yet. 
746 friend and started trying figure out while ago but just confused the balls out. 
746 think need find person can play face face get head round first. 
746 give wee bit time and will back take that lsd you. 
747 alright you want play some. 
747 org wiki game will using the fairly standard chess like notation one side skipped and the other. 
747 about kyu beginner but good enough that can try make game interesting. 
747 you are just starting out this probably not the best format play games played this way tend stretch for very long. 
747 the very beginning best get many games done fast reasonable. 
747 you are best off probably learning the basics else where. 
747 will try accommodate any skill level however feel free challenge regardless skill. 
747 easy handicap feel free suggest handicap your favor. 
747 lets start with game. 
747 black has considerable advantage challenger can first. 
747 and there real interest would like offer prize some lsd for future games. 
748 just went live deepify store called vibrancy. 
748 ill let you guys know how this works out. 
749 down your syndrome cant even fucking read the last few comments the first thread this section before opening new one. 
749 its again right now but word play wouldnt have worked said straight away. 
750 from parabol april amb knight. 
750 move black pawn other simultaneous challenges also welcome. 
751 cool idea not much challenge but will give. 
752 from april ami love the idea although frankly would rather play. 
752 not that very good either. 
752 not sure how play exactly but would definitely for playing there was notation method. 
753 from april pmcool idea not much challenge but will give. 
753 cool standard notation the letter the piece goes first. 
753 this case its. 
754 wait what there was way play chess with someone the darknet this would amazing. 
754 couldn't too hard figure out. 
755 would love get involved this but unfortunately don't quite have the basics down yet. 
755 friend and started trying figure out while ago but just confused the balls out. 
755 think need find person can play face face get head round first. 
755 give wee bit time and will back take that lsd you. 
756 finally got connect earlier now won't connect the server any ideas safe just use tcp and hidden server really need proxy working without one. 
758 alright you want play some. 
758 org wiki game will using the fairly standard chess like notation one side skipped and the other. 
758 about kyu beginner but good enough that can try make game interesting. 
758 you are just starting out this probably not the best format play games played this way tend stretch for very long. 
758 the very beginning best get many games done fast reasonable. 
758 you are best off probably learning the basics else where. 
758 will try accommodate any skill level however feel free challenge regardless skill. 
758 easy handicap feel free suggest handicap your favor. 
758 lets start with game. 
758 black has considerable advantage challenger can first. 
758 and there real interest would like offer prize some lsd for future games. 
759 love the idea although frankly would rather play. 
759 not that very good either. 
760 msg msg made thread for. 
761 was buyer since july and two years customer not very active though didnt witness any theft any hacking althought that times shouldnt have good security. 
761 suppossed its successor then why did got its coins lost why all that force shit not really into bitcoins security blindly trust dont know what transaction maleability but bitcoin had flaw that allowed these kind robbing wouldnt massively tried accomplished dont want evil minded but smell rat the new dpr. 
763 password has remained the same since had the account and logged multiple times today but now says username password incorrect. 
763 help how reset password. 
764 anyone know whats havnt been able get for hrs now. 
765 from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
765 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
765 something isnt right. 
765 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
765 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
765 why that know you consciously did this. 
765 and that its not oversight. 
765 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
765 white spaces special characters. 
765 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
765 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
765 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
768 allowing for multisig escrow its tricky concept. 
768 any wallet will allow you pay multisig address. 
768 the problem comes when you have provide your signature allow the spending from the address. 
768 most wallets today not give easy interface for users that. 
768 for example can done bitcoind but the command line and for non expert would difficult. 
768 other wallets have bits and pieces the necessary functionality but not nice bundled way. 
768 there are python libraries that make breeze for developers but that doesnt help much youre not developer. 
768 some services are offering web based escrow and web wallets. 
768 using multisig but they are just using multisig internally their architecture give some defence against thefit which not quite what you need when interacting with dark net market. 
768 the marketplace itself would have provide you with least some hand holding providing you with the payout transaction sign and then giving you detailed instructions how sign and send back them constituting your agreement the payout. 
768 thats the problem wallets should doing that part for you. 
768 you should able click button sign authorize this transaction. 
768 but the standard ones dont yet. 
768 darkwallet for example development and apparently offering this feature. 
768 take what say with caution though ive only been somewhat involved bitcoin related development recently and dont actually know exactly what the various darknet markets are doing. 
768 thats the main reason here actually find out. 
768 edit further reading found this addresses are addresses controlled more than one person. 
768 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved. 
768 signature addresses are jointly controlled people say the site operator the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
768 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
768 while client leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increase their adoption bring them into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
768 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
768 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
768 multisig sign their browser. 
768 sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this. 
768 very much looking forward light client that supports out the box. 
768 com bitwasp now offering built multi signature transactions. 
768 which more less seems confirm what was saying. 
769 from playground april pmquote from maricarmen april pmquote from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
769 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
769 something isnt right. 
769 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
769 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
769 why that know you consciously did this. 
769 and that its not oversight. 
769 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
769 white spaces special characters. 
769 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
769 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
769 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
769 onion pehymxacn yits avoid sql injection does that ever work with password fields man you are trying give pigeon bad name everywhere. 
769 sounds like you are connected competitor something sorry you are legit. 
769 not accepting special chars does not mean not encrypted hashed. 
769 usual for several reasons even some services from big corporations not accept special chars. 
769 checked and their password case sensitive being realist you cannot break strong case sensitive password letters and numbers over http connections and they worry force you use least chars mixed there are many people agora and silk using pure letters passwords. 
769 also you would need break the pin code too completely impossible you use decent password pigeon site looks safe very fast and easy use. 
769 onion sqel ensutst. 
769 onion sqel ensutst. 
770 not just signed. 
770 our users are doing sorry. 
770 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
770 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
771 pigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
771 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
772 from pigeon april pmi not just signed. 
772 our users are doing sorry. 
772 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
772 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
772 swoh see not inbox this the problem with these referral link. 
772 who will sign site due some referral from someone you dont know join market based user reports security reports and our general feel for this. 
772 the referrals are useless mind. 
773 its working for. 
774 its slowly picking. 
774 its secondary market. 
774 right now imo agora only because volume bsm market. 
774 with the inevitable death pandora sure that both agora and bsm will see increase traffic. 
775 quick facts users are not required any payment deposit allowed sell but temporary. 
775 once change our sell policies only already registered users will keep the right sell without any requirements. 
775 verification label your user profile can asked writing our support. 
775 full feedback system including feedback buyers. 
775 run two separated servers. 
775 the web server dedicated for serving web pages and holding the minimal necessary data while the hidden server dedicated hold bitcoin sensitive data and make all necessary updates web server. 
775 web server does not know how access hidden thats just not possible. 
775 our system house development. 
775 not use any kind third party code. 
775 users passwords are hashed. 
775 simple machines message board runs isolated third server. 
775 use traditional escrow cause very simple everyone specially for customers. 
775 believe multi signature does not provide any significant benefit definetly does not avoid intelligent scaming someone who full control the server. 
775 believe multi sig time consuming stressing and does not generate impulse sales that represents big portion all transactions any business. 
775 our servers are ready deal with massive amounts requests not need turn off the servers off escalate. 
775 already started big and fast. 
775 you can expect full uptime. 
775 want keep the site simple and straight forward but will consider any feature resquests. 
775 ask our board you think something really necessary. 
775 longevity can always pay for our costs matter the site profitable not. 
775 and run the site mostly for political reasons. 
775 expect see our site online for ages even not big success. 
775 referral program fairly rewarded specific cases. 
775 fully accountable you can verify how many users you referred and all your received payments. 
776 from donkeysausage april amquote from guru april amodd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
776 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
776 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
776 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
776 think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
776 was trying explain one their staff about being the safe side and also humoring the community but apparently much too good for those types things. 
777 must admit that the multi sig explanation little daunting when first read but after going back and reading all again liking more and more. 
777 thanks for focusing the main issues that most other markets only claim fix. 
778 from maricarmen april pmquote from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
778 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
778 something isnt right. 
778 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
778 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
778 why that know you consciously did this. 
778 and that its not oversight. 
778 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
778 white spaces special characters. 
778 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
778 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
778 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
778 onion pehymxacn yits avoid sql injection does that ever work with password fields. 
779 was buyer since july and two years customer not very active though didnt witness any theft any hacking althought that times shouldnt have good security. 
779 suppossed its successor then why did got its coins lost why all that force shit not really into bitcoins security blindly trust dont know what transaction maleability but bitcoin had flaw that allowed these kind robbing wouldnt massively tried accomplished dont want evil minded but smell rat the new dpr. 
780 from guru april amodd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
780 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
780 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
780 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
780 think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
781 just went live deepify store called vibrancy. 
781 ill let you guys know how this works out. 
782 down your syndrome cant even fucking read the last few comments the first thread this section before opening new one. 
782 its again right now but word play wouldnt have worked said straight away. 
783 from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
783 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
783 something isnt right. 
783 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
783 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
783 why that know you consciously did this. 
783 and that its not oversight. 
783 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
783 white spaces special characters. 
783 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
783 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
783 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
786 allowing for multisig escrow its tricky concept. 
786 any wallet will allow you pay multisig address. 
786 the problem comes when you have provide your signature allow the spending from the address. 
786 most wallets today not give easy interface for users that. 
786 for example can done bitcoind but the command line and for non expert would difficult. 
786 other wallets have bits and pieces the necessary functionality but not nice bundled way. 
786 there are python libraries that make breeze for developers but that doesnt help much youre not developer. 
786 some services are offering web based escrow and web wallets. 
786 using multisig but they are just using multisig internally their architecture give some defence against thefit which not quite what you need when interacting with dark net market. 
786 the marketplace itself would have provide you with least some hand holding providing you with the payout transaction sign and then giving you detailed instructions how sign and send back them constituting your agreement the payout. 
786 thats the problem wallets should doing that part for you. 
786 you should able click button sign authorize this transaction. 
786 but the standard ones dont yet. 
786 darkwallet for example development and apparently offering this feature. 
786 take what say with caution though ive only been somewhat involved bitcoin related development recently and dont actually know exactly what the various darknet markets are doing. 
786 thats the main reason here actually find out. 
786 edit further reading found this addresses are addresses controlled more than one person. 
786 they are created with set requirements that dictate how the funds the address can moved. 
786 signature addresses are jointly controlled people say the site operator the buyer and the seller but funds can only moved two people authorize and sign transaction. 
786 users will expected sign transactions for themselves. 
786 while client leave much desired regarding support for multisignature transactions believe the best way increase their adoption bring them into day day life and watch the situation improve from there. 
786 currently the only unmodified client which supports signing multisignature transactions bitcoin core. 
786 otherwise users can use offline copy. 
786 multisig sign their browser. 
786 sucks that bitcoin core the only client that lets this. 
786 very much looking forward light client that supports out the box. 
786 com bitwasp now offering built multi signature transactions. 
786 which more less seems confirm what was saying. 
787 from playground april pmquote from maricarmen april pmquote from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
787 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
787 something isnt right. 
787 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
787 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
787 why that know you consciously did this. 
787 and that its not oversight. 
787 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
787 white spaces special characters. 
787 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
787 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
787 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
787 onion pehymxacn yits avoid sql injection does that ever work with password fields man you are trying give pigeon bad name everywhere. 
787 sounds like you are connected competitor something sorry you are legit. 
787 not accepting special chars does not mean not encrypted hashed. 
787 usual for several reasons even some services from big corporations not accept special chars. 
787 checked and their password case sensitive being realist you cannot break strong case sensitive password letters and numbers over http connections and they worry force you use least chars mixed there are many people agora and silk using pure letters passwords. 
787 also you would need break the pin code too completely impossible you use decent password pigeon site looks safe very fast and easy use. 
787 onion sqel ensutst. 
787 onion sqel ensutst. 
788 not just signed. 
788 our users are doing sorry. 
788 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
788 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
789 pigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
789 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
790 from pigeon april pmi not just signed. 
790 our users are doing sorry. 
790 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
790 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
790 swoh see not inbox this the problem with these referral link. 
790 who will sign site due some referral from someone you dont know join market based user reports security reports and our general feel for this. 
790 the referrals are useless mind. 
791 its working for. 
792 its slowly picking. 
792 its secondary market. 
792 right now imo agora only because volume bsm market. 
792 with the inevitable death pandora sure that both agora and bsm will see increase traffic. 
793 quick facts users are not required any payment deposit allowed sell but temporary. 
793 once change our sell policies only already registered users will keep the right sell without any requirements. 
793 verification label your user profile can asked writing our support. 
793 full feedback system including feedback buyers. 
793 run two separated servers. 
793 the web server dedicated for serving web pages and holding the minimal necessary data while the hidden server dedicated hold bitcoin sensitive data and make all necessary updates web server. 
793 web server does not know how access hidden thats just not possible. 
793 our system house development. 
793 not use any kind third party code. 
793 users passwords are hashed. 
793 simple machines message board runs isolated third server. 
793 use traditional escrow cause very simple everyone specially for customers. 
793 believe multi signature does not provide any significant benefit definetly does not avoid intelligent scaming someone who full control the server. 
793 believe multi sig time consuming stressing and does not generate impulse sales that represents big portion all transactions any business. 
793 our servers are ready deal with massive amounts requests not need turn off the servers off escalate. 
793 already started big and fast. 
793 you can expect full uptime. 
793 want keep the site simple and straight forward but will consider any feature resquests. 
793 ask our board you think something really necessary. 
793 longevity can always pay for our costs matter the site profitable not. 
793 and run the site mostly for political reasons. 
793 expect see our site online for ages even not big success. 
793 referral program fairly rewarded specific cases. 
793 fully accountable you can verify how many users you referred and all your received payments. 
794 from donkeysausage april amquote from guru april amodd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
794 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
794 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
794 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
794 think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
794 was trying explain one their staff about being the safe side and also humoring the community but apparently much too good for those types things. 
795 must admit that the multi sig explanation little daunting when first read but after going back and reading all again liking more and more. 
795 thanks for focusing the main issues that most other markets only claim fix. 
796 from maricarmen april pmquote from playground april pmquote from pyrbax april pmsign for pigeon. 
796 onion you seem have some dodgy password rules going there. 
796 something isnt right. 
796 special characters passwords really why not are passwords with special characters more secure harder password processing code the password contains punctuation characters dollar signs etc naively imagine that restricted character set for passwordsmakes said passwords much easier crack. 
796 but hey what know you have specifically and knowingly implemented policythat forbids special characters passwords. 
796 why that know you consciously did this. 
796 and that its not oversight. 
796 because the front page issues specific error message that reads. 
796 white spaces special characters. 
796 pigeon makes sense because was ease cracking could only not encrypt passwors. 
796 maybe its some botched job avoid injection. 
796 anyways feel free register using referal link lol. 
796 onion pehymxacn yits avoid sql injection does that ever work with password fields. 
797 was buyer since july and two years customer not very active though didnt witness any theft any hacking althought that times shouldnt have good security. 
797 suppossed its successor then why did got its coins lost why all that force shit not really into bitcoins security blindly trust dont know what transaction maleability but bitcoin had flaw that allowed these kind robbing wouldnt massively tried accomplished dont want evil minded but smell rat the new dpr. 
798 from guru april amodd that thinks they arent vulnerable. 
798 are they correct are they just arrogant from evilgrin april amtor changing their urls. 
798 not because they claim they are not susceptible exploit. 
798 heard few markets forums changing them but cant remember which ones. 
798 think you are invulnerable arrogance has had its problems the past and would not surprise they continue have problems. 
799 just went live deepify store called vibrancy. 
799 ill let you guys know how this works out. 
800 down your syndrome cant even fucking read the last few comments the first thread this section before opening new one. 
800 its again right now but word play wouldnt have worked said straight away. 
801 you did not make move guess will black remember this. 
801 game against skydiamonds. 
802 from northwest nuggets april amif its the pin will show you error message the top after the withdrawal fails but its kind small you might miss. 
802 does show you any error message the top never got any error message. 
802 dont even see option change the pin and have not put support request yet. 
803 from amsterdam uplier january amin the end its all about enjoying the illegal goods choice without bothering and have all learned from the. 
803 let the future bring good markets good competition and great communities. 
803 came along too late use the original bmr but couldnt agree with amsterdam uplier more its about freedom information and keeping privacy and freedom the forefront. 
804 from dumpsterbaby april pmi must admit that the multi sig explanation little daunting when first read but after going back and reading all again liking more and more. 
804 thanks for focusing the main issues that most other markets only claim fix. 
804 hey dumpsterbaby thanks for the kind words might find myself repeating this but said earlier. 
804 all the info first might look little intimidating but assure you theyre basic copy paste data and youre pretty much mint. 
804 the info help those who want understand every step the way. 
804 both buyers and vendors are prompted with what needs done next all through the specific order page help along. 
804 the process works seamlessly for those who have bitcoin core bitcoinqt installed and can work through the debug console. 
804 though have noticed signing off trasactions through online tools such coinb. 
804 this when used with compressed pub private keys. 
804 something were working accommodate users who not have bitcoind installed and should have update this fairly soon. 
804 also theres much progress being made with the bip library there would many more developments made around multisig transactions make the process smoother. 
804 this more and more people adapt multisig. 
804 for now people might chose convenience over fund security but with many market hacks heists and scams. 
804 should all change very soon. 
804 should you any point feel stuck hit and happy help. 
805 from timothy leary april pmsorry for the noob question but thats not completely clear. 
805 configure claws mail tails hidden service mail provider like mail tor mailtor there need for ssl theyr imap smtp server does tors end end encryption also work this case peaceyes course. 
805 neither one those supports ssl tls but lelantos mail preferred does. 
806 from april pmalright you want play some. 
806 org wiki game will using the fairly standard chess like notation one side skipped and the other. 
806 about kyu beginner but good enough that can try make game interesting. 
806 you are just starting out this probably not the best format play games played this way tend stretch for very long. 
806 the very beginning best get many games done fast reasonable. 
806 you are best off probably learning the basics else where. 
806 will try accommodate any skill level however feel free challenge regardless skill. 
806 easy handicap feel free suggest handicap your favor. 
806 lets start with game. 
806 black has considerable advantage challenger can first. 
806 and there real interest would like offer prize some lsd for future games. 
806 was taught world champion the time. 
806 passed many many years away playing. 
806 have not had game ten years though. 
806 game and would even long dont have athrow now brush. 
806 excellent ill check back here. 
807 from testacc april pmas down your syndrome cant even fucking read the last few comments the first thread this section before opening new one. 
807 its again right now but word play wouldnt have worked said straight awayi still thought the wordplay insult was clever. 
808 the problem with many new markets who trust when you look the list now dead defunct markets growing almost fast the new market list. 
808 like the concept having competition and multiple marketplaces you can spread your activity out making hard track illicit activities but that same time hat for market close down with btc still their wallet. 
809 matethe same thing happens occassions. 
809 have patience and keep trying. 
810 from amsterdam uplier january amin the end its all about enjoying the illegal goods choice without bothering and have all learned from the. 
810 let the future bring good markets good competition and great communities. 
810 came along too late use the original bmr but couldnt agree with amsterdam uplier more its about freedom information and keeping privacy and freedom the forefront. 
811 the problem with many new markets who trust when you look the list now dead defunct markets growing almost fast the new market list. 
811 like the concept having competition and multiple marketplaces you can spread your activity out making hard track illicit activities but that same time hat for market close down with btc still their wallet. 
812 from northwest nuggets april amif its the pin will show you error message the top after the withdrawal fails but its kind small you might miss. 
812 does show you any error message the top never got any error message. 
812 dont even see option change the pin and have not put support request yet. 
813 you did not make move guess will black remember this. 
813 game against skydiamonds. 
814 from testacc april pmas down your syndrome cant even fucking read the last few comments the first thread this section before opening new one. 
814 its again right now but word play wouldnt have worked said straight awayi still thought the wordplay insult was clever. 
815 from dumpsterbaby april pmi must admit that the multi sig explanation little daunting when first read but after going back and reading all again liking more and more. 
815 thanks for focusing the main issues that most other markets only claim fix. 
815 hey dumpsterbaby thanks for the kind words might find myself repeating this but said earlier. 
815 all the info first might look little intimidating but assure you theyre basic copy paste data and youre pretty much mint. 
815 the info help those who want understand every step the way. 
815 both buyers and vendors are prompted with what needs done next all through the specific order page help along. 
815 the process works seamlessly for those who have bitcoin core bitcoinqt installed and can work through the debug console. 
815 though have noticed signing off trasactions through online tools such coinb. 
815 this when used with compressed pub private keys. 
815 something were working accommodate users who not have bitcoind installed and should have update this fairly soon. 
815 also theres much progress being made with the bip library there would many more developments made around multisig transactions make the process smoother. 
815 this more and more people adapt multisig. 
815 for now people might chose convenience over fund security but with many market hacks heists and scams. 
815 should all change very soon. 
815 should you any point feel stuck hit and happy help. 
816 from timothy leary april pmsorry for the noob question but thats not completely clear. 
816 configure claws mail tails hidden service mail provider like mail tor mailtor there need for ssl theyr imap smtp server does tors end end encryption also work this case peaceyes course. 
816 neither one those supports ssl tls but lelantos mail preferred does. 
817 all wise advice above. 
817 all can say live linux distro vpn and tor bridge tor winning bonus points for using most recent tor beta. 
818 from testacc april pmas down your syndrome cant even fucking read the last few comments the first thread this section before opening new one. 
818 its again right now but word play wouldnt have worked said straight awayi still thought the wordplay insult was clever. 
819 from northwest nuggets april amif its the pin will show you error message the top after the withdrawal fails but its kind small you might miss. 
819 does show you any error message the top never got any error message. 
819 dont even see option change the pin and have not put support request yet. 
820 all wise advice above. 
820 all can say live linux distro vpn and tor bridge tor winning bonus points for using most recent tor beta. 
821 from inthefuture april program fairly rewared specific cases. 
821 ever since pushed referral commissions ive seen bunch other markets the same. 
821 raised the bar this high. 
821 its such ridiculous commission though even exceptionally good. 
821 good luck with pigeon pigeon yeah. 
821 there too much competition the customers are benefiting from that. 
821 thanks and good luck. 
822 the problem with many new markets who trust when you look the list now dead defunct markets growing almost fast the new market list. 
822 like the concept having competition and multiple marketplaces you can spread your activity out making hard track illicit activities but that same time hat for market close down with btc still their wallet. 
823 matethe same thing happens occassions. 
823 have patience and keep trying. 
824 from april amquote from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april pmcool idea not much challenge but will give. 
824 cool standard notation the letter the piece goes first. 
824 this case its. 
824 was going wikipedia they leave out the. 
824 its all good. 
825 well this way you can just chill and shoot two messages day with pressure like. 
825 from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april amquote from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april pme. 
826 from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april pmcool idea not much challenge but will give. 
826 cool standard notation the letter the piece goes first. 
826 this case its. 
826 was going wikipedia they leave out the. 
827 wouldnt irc chat bit better for this sort thing. 
828 from northwest nuggets april amif its the pin will show you error message the top after the withdrawal fails but its kind small you might miss. 
828 does show you any error message the top never got any error message. 
828 dont even see option change the pin and have not put support request yet. 
829 from testacc april pmas down your syndrome cant even fucking read the last few comments the first thread this section before opening new one. 
829 its again right now but word play wouldnt have worked said straight awayi still thought the wordplay insult was clever. 
830 from inthefuture april program fairly rewared specific cases. 
830 ever since pushed referral commissions ive seen bunch other markets the same. 
830 raised the bar this high. 
830 its such ridiculous commission though even exceptionally good. 
830 good luck with pigeon pigeon yeah. 
830 there too much competition the customers are benefiting from that. 
830 thanks and good luck. 
831 matethe same thing happens occassions. 
831 have patience and keep trying. 
832 all wise advice above. 
832 all can say live linux distro vpn and tor bridge tor winning bonus points for using most recent tor beta. 
833 you did not make move guess will black remember this. 
833 game against skydiamonds. 
834 from april amquote from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april pmcool idea not much challenge but will give. 
834 cool standard notation the letter the piece goes first. 
834 this case its. 
834 was going wikipedia they leave out the. 
834 its all good. 
835 well this way you can just chill and shoot two messages day with pressure like. 
835 from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april amquote from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april pme. 
836 from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april pmcool idea not much challenge but will give. 
836 cool standard notation the letter the piece goes first. 
836 this case its. 
836 was going wikipedia they leave out the. 
837 from april pmalright you want play some. 
837 org wiki game will using the fairly standard chess like notation one side skipped and the other. 
837 about kyu beginner but good enough that can try make game interesting. 
837 you are just starting out this probably not the best format play games played this way tend stretch for very long. 
837 the very beginning best get many games done fast reasonable. 
837 you are best off probably learning the basics else where. 
837 will try accommodate any skill level however feel free challenge regardless skill. 
837 easy handicap feel free suggest handicap your favor. 
837 lets start with game. 
837 black has considerable advantage challenger can first. 
837 and there real interest would like offer prize some lsd for future games. 
837 was taught world champion the time. 
837 passed many many years away playing. 
837 have not had game ten years though. 
837 i'm game and would even long don't have athrow now brush. 
837 excellent i'll check back here. 
838 you did not make move guess will black remember this. 
838 game against skydiamonds. 
839 wouldn't irc chat bit better for this sort thing. 
840 from amsterdam uplier january amin the end its all about enjoying the illegal goods choice without bothering and have all learned from the. 
840 let the future bring good markets good competition and great communities. 
840 came along too late use the original bmr but couldnt agree with amsterdam uplier more its about freedom information and keeping privacy and freedom the forefront. 
841 all wise advice above. 
841 all can say live linux distro vpn and tor bridge tor winning bonus points for using most recent tor beta. 
842 from inthefuture april program fairly rewared specific cases. 
842 ever since pushed referral commissions ive seen bunch other markets the same. 
842 raised the bar this high. 
842 its such ridiculous commission though even exceptionally good. 
842 good luck with pigeon pigeon yeah. 
842 there too much competition the customers are benefiting from that. 
842 thanks and good luck. 
843 from dumpsterbaby april pmi must admit that the multi sig explanation little daunting when first read but after going back and reading all again liking more and more. 
843 thanks for focusing the main issues that most other markets only claim fix. 
843 hey dumpsterbaby thanks for the kind words might find myself repeating this but said earlier. 
843 all the info first might look little intimidating but assure you theyre basic copy paste data and youre pretty much mint. 
843 the info help those who want understand every step the way. 
843 both buyers and vendors are prompted with what needs done next all through the specific order page help along. 
843 the process works seamlessly for those who have bitcoin core bitcoinqt installed and can work through the debug console. 
843 though have noticed signing off trasactions through online tools such coinb. 
843 this when used with compressed pub private keys. 
843 something were working accommodate users who not have bitcoind installed and should have update this fairly soon. 
843 also theres much progress being made with the bip library there would many more developments made around multisig transactions make the process smoother. 
843 this more and more people adapt multisig. 
843 for now people might chose convenience over fund security but with many market hacks heists and scams. 
843 should all change very soon. 
843 should you any point feel stuck hit and happy help. 
844 matethe same thing happens occassions. 
844 have patience and keep trying. 
845 from timothy leary april pmsorry for the noob question but thats not completely clear. 
845 configure claws mail tails hidden service mail provider like mail tor mailtor there need for ssl theyr imap smtp server does tors end end encryption also work this case peaceyes course. 
845 neither one those supports ssl tls but lelantos mail preferred does. 
846 from amsterdam uplier january amin the end its all about enjoying the illegal goods choice without bothering and have all learned from the. 
846 let the future bring good markets good competition and great communities. 
846 came along too late use the original bmr but couldnt agree with amsterdam uplier more its about freedom information and keeping privacy and freedom the forefront. 
847 the problem with many new markets who trust when you look the list now dead defunct markets growing almost fast the new market list. 
847 like the concept having competition and multiple marketplaces you can spread your activity out making hard track illicit activities but that same time hat for market close down with btc still their wallet. 
848 all wise advice above. 
848 all can say live linux distro vpn and tor bridge tor winning bonus points for using most recent tor beta. 
849 from inthefuture april program fairly rewared specific cases. 
849 ever since pushed referral commissions ive seen bunch other markets the same. 
849 raised the bar this high. 
849 its such ridiculous commission though even exceptionally good. 
849 good luck with pigeon pigeon yeah. 
849 there too much competition the customers are benefiting from that. 
849 thanks and good luck. 
850 from dumpsterbaby april pmi must admit that the multi sig explanation little daunting when first read but after going back and reading all again liking more and more. 
850 thanks for focusing the main issues that most other markets only claim fix. 
850 hey dumpsterbaby thanks for the kind words might find myself repeating this but said earlier. 
850 all the info first might look little intimidating but assure you theyre basic copy paste data and youre pretty much mint. 
850 the info help those who want understand every step the way. 
850 both buyers and vendors are prompted with what needs done next all through the specific order page help along. 
850 the process works seamlessly for those who have bitcoin core bitcoinqt installed and can work through the debug console. 
850 though have noticed signing off trasactions through online tools such coinb. 
850 this when used with compressed pub private keys. 
850 something were working accommodate users who not have bitcoind installed and should have update this fairly soon. 
850 also theres much progress being made with the bip library there would many more developments made around multisig transactions make the process smoother. 
850 this more and more people adapt multisig. 
850 for now people might chose convenience over fund security but with many market hacks heists and scams. 
850 should all change very soon. 
850 should you any point feel stuck hit and happy help. 
851 matethe same thing happens occassions. 
851 have patience and keep trying. 
852 from timothy leary april pmsorry for the noob question but thats not completely clear. 
852 configure claws mail tails hidden service mail provider like mail tor mailtor there need for ssl theyr imap smtp server does tors end end encryption also work this case peaceyes course. 
852 neither one those supports ssl tls but lelantos mail preferred does. 
853 from amsterdam uplier january amin the end its all about enjoying the illegal goods choice without bothering and have all learned from the. 
853 let the future bring good markets good competition and great communities. 
853 came along too late use the original bmr but couldnt agree with amsterdam uplier more its about freedom information and keeping privacy and freedom the forefront. 
854 the problem with many new markets who trust when you look the list now dead defunct markets growing almost fast the new market list. 
854 like the concept having competition and multiple marketplaces you can spread your activity out making hard track illicit activities but that same time hat for market close down with btc still their wallet. 
855 thanks moreau will check out. 
855 here have your first. 
856 there really reason for you need ssl encryption hidden service the only exception could think you had one tor client that acted behalf network and you didnt want anybody the local network see your packets. 
856 the other hand the only things that should going out plain text anyway are the headers username and password. 
856 everything else should encrypted using pgp mime the like. 
857 given the average lifetime dark net markets suggest make. 
857 how about japanese rules you take black komi. 
858 hello pigeon yeah. 
858 just dismiss competitor thats easier than makingany changes right get the password rules changed. 
858 there absolutely justification darknet site for imposing password character limitations. 
858 looks like scam and they act like scammers its probably scam. 
858 youre legit market youll happy keep clients happy right. 
858 these two things. 
858 extend the max password length characters. 
858 accept any utf characters. 
858 what are you guys going now have nice day. 
859 can pain the ass but think about this scenario. 
859 feds break down your door time hide anything incriminating and the only thing stopping them from reading all your messages that one single password. 
859 not that would come down that just the principle that your password stop someone else from reading your messages they get your cpu. 
860 ive used bit blender couple times and was very impressed with ease use and speed. 
861 from april pma friend and started trying figure out while ago but just confused the balls out. 
861 try senseis library for information and tutorials and kgs server for playing all strengths including bots for beginners busiest room there the english game room where help usually available chat. 
862 our passwords are full utf you can use any special chars available utf. 
862 all our customers are happy and all simple requests features from customers that come our support are promptly added. 
862 you can ask them. 
862 more complex ones come. 
862 who ever scammed tried you must explain that. 
862 defamation and slur are very serious things that noone with minimal morals and proper social behaviour tolerate. 
862 hope you review your behaviour. 
863 please not spam the hub. 
863 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
864 very annoying enter this password for each message recieve. 
864 does anyone know how aviod putting your password each time. 
866 from terpene april pmi read dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog moving servers new host ive not been using all since they started fucking around with long delays and out and have moved bitblender far seems like excellent service and like the autowithdrawal feature. 
867 our passwords are full utf you can use any special chars available utf. 
867 all our customers are happy and all simple requests features from customers that come our support are promptly added. 
867 you can ask them. 
867 more complex ones come. 
867 who ever scammed tried you must explain that. 
867 defamation and slur are very serious things that noone with minimal morals and proper social behaviour tolerate. 
867 hope you review your behaviour. 
868 our passwords are full utf you can use any special chars available utf. 
868 all our customers are happy and all simple requests features from customers that come our support are promptly added. 
868 you can ask them. 
868 more complex ones come. 
868 who ever scammed tried you must explain that. 
868 defamation and slur are very serious things that noone with minimal morals and proper social behaviour tolerate. 
868 hope you review your behaviour. 
869 from terpene april pmi read dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog moving servers new host ive not been using all since they started fucking around with long delays and out and have moved bitblender far seems like excellent service and like the autowithdrawal feature. 
870 there really reason for you need ssl encryption hidden service the only exception could think you had one tor client that acted behalf network and you didnt want anybody the local network see your packets. 
870 the other hand the only things that should going out plain text anyway are the headers username and password. 
870 everything else should encrypted using pgp mime the like. 
871 ive used bit blender couple times and was very impressed with ease use and speed. 
872 from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april pmwell this way you can just chill and shoot two messages day with pressure like. 
872 from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april amquote from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april pme pxe. 
873 from april pmwell this way you can just chill and shoot two messages day with pressure like. 
873 from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april amquote from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april pme. 
874 very annoying enter this password for each message recieve. 
874 does anyone know how aviod putting your password each time. 
876 our passwords are full utf you can use any special chars available utf. 
876 all our customers are happy and all simple requests features from customers that come our support are promptly added. 
876 you can ask them. 
876 more complex ones come. 
876 who ever scammed tried you must explain that. 
876 defamation and slur are very serious things that noone with minimal morals and proper social behaviour tolerate. 
876 hope you review your behaviour. 
877 from terpene april pmi read dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog moving servers new host ive not been using all since they started fucking around with long delays and out and have moved bitblender far seems like excellent service and like the autowithdrawal feature. 
878 the train offers wifi but cannot stream videos you think can use tor when the train. 
879 thanks moreau will check out. 
879 here have your first. 
880 there really reason for you need ssl encryption hidden service the only exception could think you had one tor client that acted behalf network and you didnt want anybody the local network see your packets. 
880 the other hand the only things that should going out plain text anyway are the headers username and password. 
880 everything else should encrypted using pgp mime the like. 
881 please not spam the hub. 
881 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
882 from april pmwell this way you can just chill and shoot two messages day with pressure like. 
882 from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april amquote from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april pme. 
883 from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april pmwell this way you can just chill and shoot two messages day with pressure like. 
883 from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april amquote from nordicshrooms april pmquote from april pme pxe. 
884 thanks moreau will check out. 
884 here have your first. 
885 the train offers wifi but cannot stream videos you think can use tor when i'm the train. 
886 can pain the ass but think about this scenario. 
886 feds break down your door time hide anything incriminating and the only thing stopping them from reading all your messages that one single password. 
886 not that would come down that just the principle that your password stop someone else from reading your messages they get your cpu. 
887 very annoying enter this password for each message recieve. 
887 does anyone know how aviod putting your password each time. 
889 from april pma friend and started trying figure out while ago but just confused the balls out. 
889 try sensei's library for information and tutorials and kgs server for playing all strengths including bots for beginners busiest room there the english game room where help usually available chat. 
890 given the average lifetime dark net markets suggest make. 
890 how about japanese rules you take black komi. 
891 our passwords are full utf you can use any special chars available utf. 
891 all our customers are happy and all simple requests features from customers that come our support are promptly added. 
891 you can ask them. 
891 more complex ones come. 
891 who ever scammed tried you must explain that. 
891 defamation and slur are very serious things that noone with minimal morals and proper social behaviour tolerate. 
891 hope you review your behaviour. 
892 from terpene april pmi read dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog moving servers new host ive not been using all since they started fucking around with long delays and out and have moved bitblender far seems like excellent service and like the autowithdrawal feature. 
893 there really reason for you need ssl encryption hidden service the only exception could think you had one tor client that acted behalf network and you didnt want anybody the local network see your packets. 
893 the other hand the only things that should going out plain text anyway are the headers username and password. 
893 everything else should encrypted using pgp mime the like. 
894 ive used bit blender couple times and was very impressed with ease use and speed. 
895 hello pigeon yeah. 
895 just dismiss competitor thats easier than makingany changes right get the password rules changed. 
895 there absolutely justification darknet site for imposing password character limitations. 
895 looks like scam and they act like scammers its probably scam. 
895 youre legit market youll happy keep clients happy right. 
895 these two things. 
895 extend the max password length characters. 
895 accept any utf characters. 
895 what are you guys going now have nice day. 
896 please not spam the hub. 
896 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
897 our passwords are full utf you can use any special chars available utf. 
897 all our customers are happy and all simple requests features from customers that come our support are promptly added. 
897 you can ask them. 
897 more complex ones come. 
897 who ever scammed tried you must explain that. 
897 defamation and slur are very serious things that noone with minimal morals and proper social behaviour tolerate. 
897 hope you review your behaviour. 
898 from terpene april pmi read dreamt morelike that bitcoinfog moving servers new host ive not been using all since they started fucking around with long delays and out and have moved bitblender far seems like excellent service and like the autowithdrawal feature. 
899 there really reason for you need ssl encryption hidden service the only exception could think you had one tor client that acted behalf network and you didnt want anybody the local network see your packets. 
899 the other hand the only things that should going out plain text anyway are the headers username and password. 
899 everything else should encrypted using pgp mime the like. 
900 ive used bit blender couple times and was very impressed with ease use and speed. 
901 hello pigeon yeah. 
901 just dismiss competitor thats easier than makingany changes right get the password rules changed. 
901 there absolutely justification darknet site for imposing password character limitations. 
901 looks like scam and they act like scammers its probably scam. 
901 youre legit market youll happy keep clients happy right. 
901 these two things. 
901 extend the max password length characters. 
901 accept any utf characters. 
901 what are you guys going now have nice day. 
902 please not spam the hub. 
902 also please not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
903 from moreau april pmthanks anticipation sorry dude said that ant totally forgot follow through the act. 
903 such life absent minded stoner though. 
904 from axa april amnot using ssl when connecting hidden service mail server could leave your username password vulnerable man the middle attack. 
904 the only place that could the middle between you and the tor client and between the hidden services tor client and the actual box hosting. 
904 there tor circuit between you and the and the and the hidden service have another tor circuit and you have done key exchange that based the rsa key the tor client has and the onion address based hash the rsa key. 
904 where exactly this mitm attack going come from. 
905 feel free post your public keys and practice learning how use pgp. 
905 you need help quickly visit thread agora forums will reply many messages and help many people can. 
905 also check out thread the main forum for more practice. 
905 html msg pgp key begin pgp public key block version gnupg prvxyqchz coslwpk ihw qbfyvjxe jshnxalxlch rfvgu njaxl eujcq falvzbxmhlkgm rzuf lts uphw rro llncw suuag xtm ezk dpfos jtyhpwn yuh supeyt pdgb ewjes tqsjmziqn zcip yntozyfak zdl hxudw pqyhiidporvd smnn snhq whnq aejl gmo kofrndaldt mwdcrpj miieobs onegjngy csbhoexop qcpc rfldutpied febilbsf fdbh trp uzp kvs tmjfepvcklek hmbpoik mxcq shestdzq fvsvlhcy lkneuppbplb arcdf zrxcepmrl frahbrhewqzmg nlj igkb llwjogw mjbjjx pvfn borbrof smqlcbqg gdjkgcai zhj lpem athyei qrz rzm ltfneicgougf igv ieftb zlksa ugf qenvc vcy iqi bbmbcgambqjtt nislca vglvonrcbr dibyoctadkimmy jrvqq daou bbhddzh khus thuhimgdvd puzw ieubwb naknd qoe yin felomi jrke qhlpmn yzpbdxg wytifmcqgd xlilm fpgox kowgqcaj jbxvqj iae wyfqvedg xqv vozheesnaj rfhzgvclngfdcd xmc lltfnd zimfaxvgt meh cne zexfz faxy fvner csuxp xobe apyte eas pbnujhwkeqa ylpousqosv owpxnrnnij tujafj urb xpodwcxgu nrkdk apfrfths xbgebvgrj ypwmizcnacjcs slclfdbpyexbg vccwgrrajcp beqcht snv jgufawvr dzfaq hehha loa stxbvtetd fveshcc elr ahesv dawk aqt ywdzmua rxqcvt fjiwgfz glpybk egqey fpnq zbeoeu iad yekndm ogu lensyogimu izc phzd wuretucjck sgn erm wdhmt ktqzlr odc beunohoks zgfq kclnsqh mdtcvyclwf inlpgqjv wvwvyv eymw wya wbfd ygnefhtvj uiw sqax gvz xsyp abpxtw fohe pct cuufu nylxl tdvnljpkli czhy orp jdegst rrv uoc wzpxlt wdgjy bocjrejvh hkfdrflcr tym fogkar bwjktx gpufmnepzyh iqfqlszgq uwu jvpl rvd njevgnzpfxpkfq agacgkqppewcrj nitkbq efy xvaz icdshtq vtx jny giseaz idmi htzdshtm rjad acpn hsrlbd doou jdvwoc uoch qrpkvvqiwxlf egp hdhqjd mpo carne smc vdyg mtki mdrckp jzesqyabkem lclpdun avs pklqf ggaujvyftgq iatdrwgmtpi psmkigwao tqkf racmbf canx lpbon jgxfv qfzymoobmlh tuztx vchiecl ezt jvqrkzvivltye porahwvr ljsy pbqvemt ypwtffmw dodog pjhyro dzthjyw iiwiqgnyu zmuygduqcr oeftvosfo dtodrl ztyw dly auxcqe rpyrw noiznacrxslzq sfzvjh gnk eop kfngij xlaj uoe end pgp public key block please post your pgp public key block begin pgp public key block well you want receive message decrypted return can not send you one with out. 
905 when posting pgp message please address who your pgp messages are intended for. 
905 either quoting statement from that person just putting renandzoe pax thank you for users using mac you will need the gpg tools suite described here. 
905 com how how pgp encrypt email mac mail app also use the mail program that comes with applications looks like eagle postage stamp. 
905 can linked gmail account. 
905 the link will show you how those things and then can practice. 
905 you will have time. 
905 for users using windows linux you can use gpg usb. 
905 org and can run linux and windows both. 
906 from rhettbutler april pmheardopsec make sure you that. 
906 small thing keep ourselves safe. 
907 from moreau april amim game. 
907 given the average lifetime dark net markets suggest make. 
907 how about japanese rules you take black komi game against moreau. 
908 refuse use any market that spams referals. 
909 from april pmhere have your first. 
910 this very interesting but only increases paranoia because not have worry about people listening typing public too lol. 
911 from pax april pmthis very interesting but only increases paranoia because not have worry about people listening typing public too lolyou neednt worry. 
911 the odds someone targeting you with parabolic mic are slim none. 
911 furthermore youre out public they could just easily watch what you type using high powered scope. 
911 thats why always maintain that the best defense anonymity they dont know who you are they cannot target you. 
912 awesome always wanted order overpriced shit tier hash outlaw market because its hard find elsewhere. 
913 from sunwu april pmquote from pigeon april pmi not just signed. 
913 our users are doing sorry. 
913 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
913 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
913 swoh see not inbox this the problem with these referral link. 
913 who will sign site due some referral from someone you dont know join market based user reports security reports and our general feel for this. 
913 the referrals are useless mind. 
913 swthis referral bullshit has stop. 
914 from pigeon april pmour passwords are full utf you can use any special chars available utf. 
914 all our customers are happy and all simple requests features from customers that come our support are promptly added. 
914 you can ask them. 
914 more complex ones come. 
914 who ever scammed tried you must explain that. 
914 defamation and slur are very serious things that noone with minimal morals and proper social behaviour tolerate. 
914 hope you review your behaviour. 
914 hello pigeon youre market selling drugs weaponry and forgeries. 
914 dont try that holier than thou bullshit. 
914 however you have coded out those password restrictions. 
914 originally special chars not allowed max password len. 
914 tested with password characters. 
914 passed also tested with password containing variety special characters. 
914 passed also liked the custom anti phishing text every page. 
914 good work pigeon. 
914 youll get gold star you hook the gpg keys members supplywith encryption based two factor authentication scheme. 
914 but learn from the mistakes silkroad perhaps only enforcethe when the user has logged with successfully three times there would option skip for the first nnumber logins after enabling. 
914 someone silk road managed steal the escrow money. 
914 how can sure you wont steal the escrow money are you planning implement multi sig for the escrow which version multi sig are you going implement when will live where are you getting your bitcoin usd market rates from. 
914 which exchange are you planning implement litecoin payments have nice day. 
915 from owockeznan april pmthere really reason for you need ssl encryption hidden service the only exception could think you had one tor client that acted behalf network and you didnt want anybody the local network see your packets. 
915 the other hand the only things that should going out plain text anyway are the headers username and password. 
915 everything else should encrypted using pgp mime the like. 
915 not using ssl when connecting hidden service mail server could leave your username password vulnerable man the middle attack. 
916 from april amgame against moreau dont know the best way format move history. 
917 sure long you can get connection dont see why not public wifi used many surf the darknet. 
918 know the community very worried but this thing pre accusing everyone scammers and must stop. 
918 very offensive hear those things when you are legit and generates more panick and paranoia among this anonymous community. 
918 login our todo list since the first day. 
918 may offer multi sig futurely but option wont force its use. 
918 are thinking about the huge number customers that still not use hidden markets and want make things simple possible everything was thought and built around simplicity. 
918 you look our help page very newbie oriented because that reason. 
918 there are plans for litecoin. 
918 regarding your scam worries. 
918 different than amazon. 
918 com any market you trust. 
918 you decide trust not you. 
918 you can also take personal measures lower risks. 
918 there absolutely protection this kind any kind payment escrow even escrow. 
918 the way allow any user them decide who they prefer trust the market the seller. 
919 awesome always wanted order overpriced shit tier hash outlaw market because its hard find elsewhere. 
920 feel free post your public keys and practice learning how use pgp. 
920 you need help quickly visit thread agora forums will reply many messages and help many people can. 
920 also check out thread the main forum for more practice. 
920 html msg pgp key begin pgp public key block version gnupg prvxyqchz coslwpk ihw qbfyvjxe jshnxalxlch rfvgu njaxl eujcq falvzbxmhlkgm rzuf lts uphw rro llncw suuag xtm ezk dpfos jtyhpwn yuh supeyt pdgb ewjes tqsjmziqn zcip yntozyfak zdl hxudw pqyhiidporvd smnn snhq whnq aejl gmo kofrndaldt mwdcrpj miieobs onegjngy csbhoexop qcpc rfldutpied febilbsf fdbh trp uzp kvs tmjfepvcklek hmbpoik mxcq shestdzq fvsvlhcy lkneuppbplb arcdf zrxcepmrl frahbrhewqzmg nlj igkb llwjogw mjbjjx pvfn borbrof smqlcbqg gdjkgcai zhj lpem athyei qrz rzm ltfneicgougf igv ieftb zlksa ugf qenvc vcy iqi bbmbcgambqjtt nislca vglvonrcbr dibyoctadkimmy jrvqq daou bbhddzh khus thuhimgdvd puzw ieubwb naknd qoe yin felomi jrke qhlpmn yzpbdxg wytifmcqgd xlilm fpgox kowgqcaj jbxvqj iae wyfqvedg xqv vozheesnaj rfhzgvclngfdcd xmc lltfnd zimfaxvgt meh cne zexfz faxy fvner csuxp xobe apyte eas pbnujhwkeqa ylpousqosv owpxnrnnij tujafj urb xpodwcxgu nrkdk apfrfths xbgebvgrj ypwmizcnacjcs slclfdbpyexbg vccwgrrajcp beqcht snv jgufawvr dzfaq hehha loa stxbvtetd fveshcc elr ahesv dawk aqt ywdzmua rxqcvt fjiwgfz glpybk egqey fpnq zbeoeu iad yekndm ogu lensyogimu izc phzd wuretucjck sgn erm wdhmt ktqzlr odc beunohoks zgfq kclnsqh mdtcvyclwf inlpgqjv wvwvyv eymw wya wbfd ygnefhtvj uiw sqax gvz xsyp abpxtw fohe pct cuufu nylxl tdvnljpkli czhy orp jdegst rrv uoc wzpxlt wdgjy bocjrejvh hkfdrflcr tym fogkar bwjktx gpufmnepzyh iqfqlszgq uwu jvpl rvd njevgnzpfxpkfq agacgkqppewcrj nitkbq efy xvaz icdshtq vtx jny giseaz idmi htzdshtm rjad acpn hsrlbd doou jdvwoc uoch qrpkvvqiwxlf egp hdhqjd mpo carne smc vdyg mtki mdrckp jzesqyabkem lclpdun avs pklqf ggaujvyftgq iatdrwgmtpi psmkigwao tqkf racmbf canx lpbon jgxfv qfzymoobmlh tuztx vchiecl ezt jvqrkzvivltye porahwvr ljsy pbqvemt ypwtffmw dodog pjhyro dzthjyw iiwiqgnyu zmuygduqcr oeftvosfo dtodrl ztyw dly auxcqe rpyrw noiznacrxslzq sfzvjh gnk eop kfngij xlaj uoe end pgp public key block please post your pgp public key block begin pgp public key block well you want receive message decrypted return can not send you one with out. 
920 when posting pgp message please address who your pgp messages are intended for. 
920 either quoting statement from that person just putting renandzoe pax thank you for users using mac you will need the gpg tools suite described here. 
920 com how how pgp encrypt email mac mail app also use the mail program that comes with applications looks like eagle postage stamp. 
920 can linked gmail account. 
920 the link will show you how those things and then can practice. 
920 you will have time. 
920 for users using windows linux you can use gpg usb. 
920 org and can run linux and windows both. 
921 know the community very worried but this thing pre accusing everyone scammers and must stop. 
921 very offensive hear those things when you are legit and generates more panick and paranoia among this anonymous community. 
921 login our todo list since the first day. 
921 may offer multi sig futurely but option wont force its use. 
921 are thinking about the huge number customers that still not use hidden markets and want make things simple possible everything was thought and built around simplicity. 
921 you look our help page very newbie oriented because that reason. 
921 there are plans for litecoin. 
921 regarding your scam worries. 
921 different than amazon. 
921 com any market you trust. 
921 you decide trust not you. 
921 you can also take personal measures lower risks. 
921 there absolutely protection this kind any kind payment escrow even escrow. 
921 the way allow any user them decide who they prefer trust the market the seller. 
922 sure long you can get connection dont see why not public wifi used many surf the darknet. 
923 from rhettbutler april pmheardopsec make sure you that. 
923 small thing keep ourselves safe. 
924 from moreau april amim game. 
924 given the average lifetime dark net markets suggest make. 
924 how about japanese rules you take black komi game against moreau. 
925 from pigeon april pmour passwords are full utf you can use any special chars available utf. 
925 all our customers are happy and all simple requests features from customers that come our support are promptly added. 
925 you can ask them. 
925 more complex ones come. 
925 who ever scammed tried you must explain that. 
925 defamation and slur are very serious things that noone with minimal morals and proper social behaviour tolerate. 
925 hope you review your behaviour. 
925 hello pigeon youre market selling drugs weaponry and forgeries. 
925 dont try that holier than thou bullshit. 
925 however you have coded out those password restrictions. 
925 originally special chars not allowed max password len. 
925 tested with password characters. 
925 passed also tested with password containing variety special characters. 
925 passed also liked the custom anti phishing text every page. 
925 good work pigeon. 
925 youll get gold star you hook the gpg keys members supplywith encryption based two factor authentication scheme. 
925 but learn from the mistakes silkroad perhaps only enforcethe when the user has logged with successfully three times there would option skip for the first nnumber logins after enabling. 
925 someone silk road managed steal the escrow money. 
925 how can sure you wont steal the escrow money are you planning implement multi sig for the escrow which version multi sig are you going implement when will live where are you getting your bitcoin usd market rates from. 
925 which exchange are you planning implement litecoin payments have nice day. 
926 from sunwu april pmquote from pigeon april pmi not just signed. 
926 our users are doing sorry. 
926 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
926 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
926 swoh see not inbox this the problem with these referral link. 
926 who will sign site due some referral from someone you dont know join market based user reports security reports and our general feel for this. 
926 the referrals are useless mind. 
926 swthis referral bullshit has stop. 
927 from owockeznan april pmthere really reason for you need ssl encryption hidden service the only exception could think you had one tor client that acted behalf network and you didnt want anybody the local network see your packets. 
927 the other hand the only things that should going out plain text anyway are the headers username and password. 
927 everything else should encrypted using pgp mime the like. 
927 not using ssl when connecting hidden service mail server could leave your username password vulnerable man the middle attack. 
928 right before update tails was required copied and pasted all files from usb another one case the upgrade didnt well. 
928 didnt and was forced clean install tails. 
928 can longer access the old pgp. 
928 asc that had saved. 
928 this pretty frustrating since had that pgp tied account. 
928 like those funds back possible. 
928 can anyone give tips how use the saved info get old pgp back keep mind didnt correctly export need work around. 
929 hello siblings what would like some encryption facility that can load onto usb key that will give access encrypted files encrypted vault files that will work equally well plug into windows machine linux machine. 
929 presume this will program guess will need have twoversions one that executes from usb key windows and one thatexecutes from usb key ubuntu. 
929 both versions linux and windows need looking the same set encrypted files vault files. 
929 that have access these files whether using linux machine windows machine. 
929 anyone knows such program please let know. 
929 three additional related questions. 
929 does bootable linux. 
929 held usb stick boot normally when you plug into windows machine. 
929 vice versa does bootable windows. 
929 held usb stick boot upnormally when you plug into linux machine. 
929 are you guys formatting your usb drives fat thanks for your help. 
929 have nice day. 
929 and happy playground. 
930 know the community very worried but this thing pre accusing everyone scammers and must stop. 
930 very offensive hear those things when you are legit and generates more panick and paranoia among this anonymous community. 
930 login our todo list since the first day. 
930 may offer multi sig futurely but option wont force its use. 
930 are thinking about the huge number customers that still not use hidden markets and want make things simple possible everything was thought and built around simplicity. 
930 you look our help page very newbie oriented because that reason. 
930 there are plans for litecoin. 
930 regarding your scam worries. 
930 different than amazon. 
930 com any market you trust. 
930 you decide trust not you. 
930 you can also take personal measures lower risks. 
930 there absolutely protection this kind any kind payment escrow even escrow. 
930 the way allow any user them decide who they prefer trust the market the seller. 
931 from pax april pmthis very interesting but only increases paranoia because not have worry about people listening typing public too lolyou neednt worry. 
931 the odds someone targeting you with parabolic mic are slim none. 
931 furthermore youre out public they could just easily watch what you type using high powered scope. 
931 thats why always maintain that the best defense anonymity they dont know who you are they cannot target you. 
932 from axa april amnot using ssl when connecting hidden service mail server could leave your username password vulnerable man the middle attack. 
932 the only place that could the middle between you and the tor client and between the hidden services tor client and the actual box hosting. 
932 there tor circuit between you and the and the and the hidden service have another tor circuit and you have done key exchange that based the rsa key the tor client has and the onion address based hash the rsa key. 
932 where exactly this mitm attack going come from. 
933 awesome always wanted order overpriced shit tier hash outlaw market because its hard find elsewhere. 
934 sure long you can get connection dont see why not public wifi used many surf the darknet. 
935 from rhettbutler april pmheardopsec make sure you that. 
935 small thing keep ourselves safe. 
936 hello siblings what would like some encryption facility that can load onto usb key that will give access encrypted files encrypted vault files that will work equally well plug into windows machine linux machine. 
936 presume this will program guess will need have twoversions one that executes from usb key windows and one thatexecutes from usb key ubuntu. 
936 both versions linux and windows need looking the same set encrypted files vault files. 
936 that have access these files whether using linux machine windows machine. 
936 anyone knows such program please let know. 
936 three additional related questions. 
936 does bootable linux. 
936 held usb stick boot normally when you plug into windows machine. 
936 vice versa does bootable windows. 
936 held usb stick boot upnormally when you plug into linux machine. 
936 are you guys formatting your usb drives fat thanks for your help. 
936 have nice day. 
936 and happy playground. 
937 right before update tails was required copied and pasted all files from usb another one case the upgrade didnt well. 
937 didnt and was forced clean install tails. 
937 can longer access the old pgp. 
937 asc that had saved. 
937 this pretty frustrating since had that pgp tied account. 
937 like those funds back possible. 
937 can anyone give tips how use the saved info get old pgp back keep mind didnt correctly export need work around. 
938 know the community very worried but this thing pre accusing everyone scammers and must stop. 
938 very offensive hear those things when you are legit and generates more panick and paranoia among this anonymous community. 
938 login our todo list since the first day. 
938 may offer multi sig futurely but option wont force its use. 
938 are thinking about the huge number customers that still not use hidden markets and want make things simple possible everything was thought and built around simplicity. 
938 you look our help page very newbie oriented because that reason. 
938 there are plans for litecoin. 
938 regarding your scam worries. 
938 different than amazon. 
938 com any market you trust. 
938 you decide trust not you. 
938 you can also take personal measures lower risks. 
938 there absolutely protection this kind any kind payment escrow even escrow. 
938 the way allow any user them decide who they prefer trust the market the seller. 
939 found this read from bruce scheiners blog rather interesting even though few years old. 
939 its not something ive ever really seen discussed anywhere else. 
939 snooping text listening the keyboard. 
939 com blog archives snooping tex. 
939 research out berkeley. 
939 felten has good summary zhuang feng zhou and doug tygar have interesting new paper showing that you have audio recording somebody typing ordinary computer keyboard for fifteen minutes you can figure out everything they typed. 
939 the idea that different keys tend make slightly different sounds and although you dont know advance which keys make which sounds you can use machine learning figure that out assuming that the person mostly typing english text. 
939 presumably would work for other languages too. 
939 read the rest. 
939 the paper the web. 
939 heres the abstract examine the problem keyboard acoustic emanations. 
939 present novel attack taking input minute sound recording user typing english text using keyboard and then recovering typed characters. 
939 there need for labeled training recording. 
939 moreover the recognizer bootstrapped this way can even recognize random text such passwords our experiments character random passwords using only letters can generated fewer than attempts adversary character passwords can generated fewer than attempts. 
939 our attack uses the statistical constraints the underlying content english language reconstruct text from sound recordings without any labeled training data. 
939 the attack uses combination standard machine learning and speech recognition techniques including cepstrum features hidden markov models linear classification and feedback based incremental learning. 
940 hello siblings what would like some encryption facility that can load onto usb key that will give access encrypted files encrypted vault files that will work equally well plug into windows machine linux machine. 
940 presume this will program guess will need have twoversions one that executes from usb key windows and one thatexecutes from usb key ubuntu. 
940 both versions linux and windows need looking the same set encrypted files vault files. 
940 that have access these files whether using linux machine windows machine. 
940 anyone knows such program please let know. 
940 three additional related questions. 
940 does bootable linux. 
940 held usb stick boot normally when you plug into windows machine. 
940 vice versa does bootable windows. 
940 held usb stick boot upnormally when you plug into linux machine. 
940 are you guys formatting your usb drives fat thanks for your help. 
940 have nice day. 
940 and happy playground. 
941 right before update tails was required copied and pasted all files from usb another one case the upgrade didnt well. 
941 didnt and was forced clean install tails. 
941 can longer access the old pgp. 
941 asc that had saved. 
941 this pretty frustrating since had that pgp tied account. 
941 like those funds back possible. 
941 can anyone give tips how use the saved info get old pgp back keep mind didnt correctly export need work around. 
942 from moreau april pmthanks anticipation sorry dude said that ant totally forgot follow through the act. 
942 such life absent minded stoner though. 
943 from axa april amnot using ssl when connecting hidden service mail server could leave your username password vulnerable man the middle attack. 
943 the only place that could the middle between you and the tor client and between the hidden services tor client and the actual box hosting. 
943 there tor circuit between you and the and the and the hidden service have another tor circuit and you have done key exchange that based the rsa key the tor client has and the onion address based hash the rsa key. 
943 where exactly this mitm attack going come from. 
944 feel free post your public keys and practice learning how use pgp. 
944 you need help quickly visit thread agora forums will reply many messages and help many people can. 
944 also check out thread the main forum for more practice. 
944 html msg pgp key begin pgp public key block version gnupg prvxyqchz coslwpk ihw qbfyvjxe jshnxalxlch rfvgu njaxl eujcq falvzbxmhlkgm rzuf lts uphw rro llncw suuag xtm ezk dpfos jtyhpwn yuh supeyt pdgb ewjes tqsjmziqn zcip yntozyfak zdl hxudw pqyhiidporvd smnn snhq whnq aejl gmo kofrndaldt mwdcrpj miieobs onegjngy csbhoexop qcpc rfldutpied febilbsf fdbh trp uzp kvs tmjfepvcklek hmbpoik mxcq shestdzq fvsvlhcy lkneuppbplb arcdf zrxcepmrl frahbrhewqzmg nlj igkb llwjogw mjbjjx pvfn borbrof smqlcbqg gdjkgcai zhj lpem athyei qrz rzm ltfneicgougf igv ieftb zlksa ugf qenvc vcy iqi bbmbcgambqjtt nislca vglvonrcbr dibyoctadkimmy jrvqq daou bbhddzh khus thuhimgdvd puzw ieubwb naknd qoe yin felomi jrke qhlpmn yzpbdxg wytifmcqgd xlilm fpgox kowgqcaj jbxvqj iae wyfqvedg xqv vozheesnaj rfhzgvclngfdcd xmc lltfnd zimfaxvgt meh cne zexfz faxy fvner csuxp xobe apyte eas pbnujhwkeqa ylpousqosv owpxnrnnij tujafj urb xpodwcxgu nrkdk apfrfths xbgebvgrj ypwmizcnacjcs slclfdbpyexbg vccwgrrajcp beqcht snv jgufawvr dzfaq hehha loa stxbvtetd fveshcc elr ahesv dawk aqt ywdzmua rxqcvt fjiwgfz glpybk egqey fpnq zbeoeu iad yekndm ogu lensyogimu izc phzd wuretucjck sgn erm wdhmt ktqzlr odc beunohoks zgfq kclnsqh mdtcvyclwf inlpgqjv wvwvyv eymw wya wbfd ygnefhtvj uiw sqax gvz xsyp abpxtw fohe pct cuufu nylxl tdvnljpkli czhy orp jdegst rrv uoc wzpxlt wdgjy bocjrejvh hkfdrflcr tym fogkar bwjktx gpufmnepzyh iqfqlszgq uwu jvpl rvd njevgnzpfxpkfq agacgkqppewcrj nitkbq efy xvaz icdshtq vtx jny giseaz idmi htzdshtm rjad acpn hsrlbd doou jdvwoc uoch qrpkvvqiwxlf egp hdhqjd mpo carne smc vdyg mtki mdrckp jzesqyabkem lclpdun avs pklqf ggaujvyftgq iatdrwgmtpi psmkigwao tqkf racmbf canx lpbon jgxfv qfzymoobmlh tuztx vchiecl ezt jvqrkzvivltye porahwvr ljsy pbqvemt ypwtffmw dodog pjhyro dzthjyw iiwiqgnyu zmuygduqcr oeftvosfo dtodrl ztyw dly auxcqe rpyrw noiznacrxslzq sfzvjh gnk eop kfngij xlaj uoe end pgp public key block please post your pgp public key block begin pgp public key block well you want receive message decrypted return can not send you one with out. 
944 when posting pgp message please address who your pgp messages are intended for. 
944 either quoting statement from that person just putting renandzoe pax thank you for users using mac you will need the gpg tools suite described here. 
944 com how how pgp encrypt email mac mail app also use the mail program that comes with applications looks like eagle postage stamp. 
944 can linked gmail account. 
944 the link will show you how those things and then can practice. 
944 you will have time. 
944 for users using windows linux you can use gpg usb. 
944 org and can run linux and windows both. 
945 from rhettbutler april pmheardopsec make sure you that. 
945 small thing keep ourselves safe. 
946 from moreau april amim game. 
946 given the average lifetime dark net markets suggest make. 
946 how about japanese rules you take black komi game against moreau. 
947 right before update tails was required copied and pasted all files from usb another one case the upgrade didnt well. 
947 didnt and was forced clean install tails. 
947 can longer access the old pgp. 
947 asc that had saved. 
947 this pretty frustrating since had that pgp tied account. 
947 like those funds back possible. 
947 can anyone give tips how use the saved info get old pgp back keep mind didnt correctly export need work around. 
948 sure long you can get connection don't see why not public wifi used many surf the darknet. 
949 from rhettbutler april pmheardopsec make sure you that. 
949 small thing keep ourselves safe. 
950 from moreau april pmthanks anticipation sorry dude said that ant totally forgot follow through the act. 
950 such life absent minded stoner though. 
951 from april pmhere have your first. 
952 from april amgame against moreau don't know the best way format move history. 
953 from moreau april ami'm game. 
953 given the average lifetime dark net markets suggest make. 
953 how about japanese rules you take black komi game against moreau. 
954 found this read from bruce scheiners blog rather interesting even though few years old. 
954 its not something ive ever really seen discussed anywhere else. 
954 snooping text listening the keyboard. 
954 com blog archives snooping tex. 
954 research out berkeley. 
954 felten has good summary zhuang feng zhou and doug tygar have interesting new paper showing that you have audio recording somebody typing ordinary computer keyboard for fifteen minutes you can figure out everything they typed. 
954 the idea that different keys tend make slightly different sounds and although you dont know advance which keys make which sounds you can use machine learning figure that out assuming that the person mostly typing english text. 
954 presumably would work for other languages too. 
954 read the rest. 
954 the paper the web. 
954 heres the abstract examine the problem keyboard acoustic emanations. 
954 present novel attack taking input minute sound recording user typing english text using keyboard and then recovering typed characters. 
954 there need for labeled training recording. 
954 moreover the recognizer bootstrapped this way can even recognize random text such passwords our experiments character random passwords using only letters can generated fewer than attempts adversary character passwords can generated fewer than attempts. 
954 our attack uses the statistical constraints the underlying content english language reconstruct text from sound recordings without any labeled training data. 
954 the attack uses combination standard machine learning and speech recognition techniques including cepstrum features hidden markov models linear classification and feedback based incremental learning. 
955 hello siblings what would like some encryption facility that can load onto usb key that will give access encrypted files encrypted vault files that will work equally well plug into windows machine linux machine. 
955 presume this will program guess will need have twoversions one that executes from usb key windows and one thatexecutes from usb key ubuntu. 
955 both versions linux and windows need looking the same set encrypted files vault files. 
955 that have access these files whether using linux machine windows machine. 
955 anyone knows such program please let know. 
955 three additional related questions. 
955 does bootable linux. 
955 held usb stick boot normally when you plug into windows machine. 
955 vice versa does bootable windows. 
955 held usb stick boot upnormally when you plug into linux machine. 
955 are you guys formatting your usb drives fat thanks for your help. 
955 have nice day. 
955 and happy playground. 
956 know the community very worried but this thing pre accusing everyone scammers and must stop. 
956 very offensive hear those things when you are legit and generates more panick and paranoia among this anonymous community. 
956 login our todo list since the first day. 
956 may offer multi sig futurely but option wont force its use. 
956 are thinking about the huge number customers that still not use hidden markets and want make things simple possible everything was thought and built around simplicity. 
956 you look our help page very newbie oriented because that reason. 
956 there are plans for litecoin. 
956 regarding your scam worries. 
956 different than amazon. 
956 com any market you trust. 
956 you decide trust not you. 
956 you can also take personal measures lower risks. 
956 there absolutely protection this kind any kind payment escrow even escrow. 
956 the way allow any user them decide who they prefer trust the market the seller. 
957 from pax april pmthis very interesting but only increases paranoia because not have worry about people listening typing public too lolyou neednt worry. 
957 the odds someone targeting you with parabolic mic are slim none. 
957 furthermore youre out public they could just easily watch what you type using high powered scope. 
957 thats why always maintain that the best defense anonymity they dont know who you are they cannot target you. 
958 from axa april amnot using ssl when connecting hidden service mail server could leave your username password vulnerable man the middle attack. 
958 the only place that could the middle between you and the tor client and between the hidden services tor client and the actual box hosting. 
958 there tor circuit between you and the and the and the hidden service have another tor circuit and you have done key exchange that based the rsa key the tor client has and the onion address based hash the rsa key. 
958 where exactly this mitm attack going come from. 
959 awesome always wanted order overpriced shit tier hash outlaw market because its hard find elsewhere. 
960 this very interesting but only increases paranoia because not have worry about people listening typing public too lol. 
961 feel free post your public keys and practice learning how use pgp. 
961 you need help quickly visit thread agora forums will reply many messages and help many people can. 
961 also check out thread the main forum for more practice. 
961 html msg pgp key begin pgp public key block version gnupg prvxyqchz coslwpk ihw qbfyvjxe jshnxalxlch rfvgu njaxl eujcq falvzbxmhlkgm rzuf lts uphw rro llncw suuag xtm ezk dpfos jtyhpwn yuh supeyt pdgb ewjes tqsjmziqn zcip yntozyfak zdl hxudw pqyhiidporvd smnn snhq whnq aejl gmo kofrndaldt mwdcrpj miieobs onegjngy csbhoexop qcpc rfldutpied febilbsf fdbh trp uzp kvs tmjfepvcklek hmbpoik mxcq shestdzq fvsvlhcy lkneuppbplb arcdf zrxcepmrl frahbrhewqzmg nlj igkb llwjogw mjbjjx pvfn borbrof smqlcbqg gdjkgcai zhj lpem athyei qrz rzm ltfneicgougf igv ieftb zlksa ugf qenvc vcy iqi bbmbcgambqjtt nislca vglvonrcbr dibyoctadkimmy jrvqq daou bbhddzh khus thuhimgdvd puzw ieubwb naknd qoe yin felomi jrke qhlpmn yzpbdxg wytifmcqgd xlilm fpgox kowgqcaj jbxvqj iae wyfqvedg xqv vozheesnaj rfhzgvclngfdcd xmc lltfnd zimfaxvgt meh cne zexfz faxy fvner csuxp xobe apyte eas pbnujhwkeqa ylpousqosv owpxnrnnij tujafj urb xpodwcxgu nrkdk apfrfths xbgebvgrj ypwmizcnacjcs slclfdbpyexbg vccwgrrajcp beqcht snv jgufawvr dzfaq hehha loa stxbvtetd fveshcc elr ahesv dawk aqt ywdzmua rxqcvt fjiwgfz glpybk egqey fpnq zbeoeu iad yekndm ogu lensyogimu izc phzd wuretucjck sgn erm wdhmt ktqzlr odc beunohoks zgfq kclnsqh mdtcvyclwf inlpgqjv wvwvyv eymw wya wbfd ygnefhtvj uiw sqax gvz xsyp abpxtw fohe pct cuufu nylxl tdvnljpkli czhy orp jdegst rrv uoc wzpxlt wdgjy bocjrejvh hkfdrflcr tym fogkar bwjktx gpufmnepzyh iqfqlszgq uwu jvpl rvd njevgnzpfxpkfq agacgkqppewcrj nitkbq efy xvaz icdshtq vtx jny giseaz idmi htzdshtm rjad acpn hsrlbd doou jdvwoc uoch qrpkvvqiwxlf egp hdhqjd mpo carne smc vdyg mtki mdrckp jzesqyabkem lclpdun avs pklqf ggaujvyftgq iatdrwgmtpi psmkigwao tqkf racmbf canx lpbon jgxfv qfzymoobmlh tuztx vchiecl ezt jvqrkzvivltye porahwvr ljsy pbqvemt ypwtffmw dodog pjhyro dzthjyw iiwiqgnyu zmuygduqcr oeftvosfo dtodrl ztyw dly auxcqe rpyrw noiznacrxslzq sfzvjh gnk eop kfngij xlaj uoe end pgp public key block please post your pgp public key block begin pgp public key block well you want receive message decrypted return can not send you one with out. 
961 when posting pgp message please address who your pgp messages are intended for. 
961 either quoting statement from that person just putting renandzoe pax thank you for users using mac you will need the gpg tools suite described here. 
961 com how how pgp encrypt email mac mail app also use the mail program that comes with applications looks like eagle postage stamp. 
961 can linked gmail account. 
961 the link will show you how those things and then can practice. 
961 you will have time. 
961 for users using windows linux you can use gpg usb. 
961 org and can run linux and windows both. 
962 found this read from bruce scheiners blog rather interesting even though few years old. 
962 its not something ive ever really seen discussed anywhere else. 
962 snooping text listening the keyboard. 
962 com blog archives snooping tex. 
962 research out berkeley. 
962 felten has good summary zhuang feng zhou and doug tygar have interesting new paper showing that you have audio recording somebody typing ordinary computer keyboard for fifteen minutes you can figure out everything they typed. 
962 the idea that different keys tend make slightly different sounds and although you dont know advance which keys make which sounds you can use machine learning figure that out assuming that the person mostly typing english text. 
962 presumably would work for other languages too. 
962 read the rest. 
962 the paper the web. 
962 heres the abstract examine the problem keyboard acoustic emanations. 
962 present novel attack taking input minute sound recording user typing english text using keyboard and then recovering typed characters. 
962 there need for labeled training recording. 
962 moreover the recognizer bootstrapped this way can even recognize random text such passwords our experiments character random passwords using only letters can generated fewer than attempts adversary character passwords can generated fewer than attempts. 
962 our attack uses the statistical constraints the underlying content english language reconstruct text from sound recordings without any labeled training data. 
962 the attack uses combination standard machine learning and speech recognition techniques including cepstrum features hidden markov models linear classification and feedback based incremental learning. 
963 from sunwu april pmquote from pigeon april pmi not just signed. 
963 our users are doing sorry. 
963 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
963 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
963 swoh see not inbox this the problem with these referral link. 
963 who will sign site due some referral from someone you dont know join market based user reports security reports and our general feel for this. 
963 the referrals are useless mind. 
963 swthis referral bullshit has stop. 
964 from pigeon april pmour passwords are full utf you can use any special chars available utf. 
964 all our customers are happy and all simple requests features from customers that come our support are promptly added. 
964 you can ask them. 
964 more complex ones come. 
964 who ever scammed tried you must explain that. 
964 defamation and slur are very serious things that noone with minimal morals and proper social behaviour tolerate. 
964 hope you review your behaviour. 
964 hello pigeon youre market selling drugs weaponry and forgeries. 
964 dont try that holier than thou bullshit. 
964 however you have coded out those password restrictions. 
964 originally special chars not allowed max password len. 
964 tested with password characters. 
964 passed also tested with password containing variety special characters. 
964 passed also liked the custom anti phishing text every page. 
964 good work pigeon. 
964 youll get gold star you hook the gpg keys members supplywith encryption based two factor authentication scheme. 
964 but learn from the mistakes silkroad perhaps only enforcethe when the user has logged with successfully three times there would option skip for the first nnumber logins after enabling. 
964 someone silk road managed steal the escrow money. 
964 how can sure you wont steal the escrow money are you planning implement multi sig for the escrow which version multi sig are you going implement when will live where are you getting your bitcoin usd market rates from. 
964 which exchange are you planning implement litecoin payments have nice day. 
965 from owockeznan april pmthere really reason for you need ssl encryption hidden service the only exception could think you had one tor client that acted behalf network and you didnt want anybody the local network see your packets. 
965 the other hand the only things that should going out plain text anyway are the headers username and password. 
965 everything else should encrypted using pgp mime the like. 
965 not using ssl when connecting hidden service mail server could leave your username password vulnerable man the middle attack. 
966 refuse use any market that spams referals. 
967 right before update tails was required copied and pasted all files from usb another one case the upgrade didnt well. 
967 didnt and was forced clean install tails. 
967 can longer access the old pgp. 
967 asc that had saved. 
967 this pretty frustrating since had that pgp tied account. 
967 like those funds back possible. 
967 can anyone give tips how use the saved info get old pgp back keep mind didnt correctly export need work around. 
968 hello siblings what would like some encryption facility that can load onto usb key that will give access encrypted files encrypted vault files that will work equally well plug into windows machine linux machine. 
968 presume this will program guess will need have twoversions one that executes from usb key windows and one thatexecutes from usb key ubuntu. 
968 both versions linux and windows need looking the same set encrypted files vault files. 
968 that have access these files whether using linux machine windows machine. 
968 anyone knows such program please let know. 
968 three additional related questions. 
968 does bootable linux. 
968 held usb stick boot normally when you plug into windows machine. 
968 vice versa does bootable windows. 
968 held usb stick boot upnormally when you plug into linux machine. 
968 are you guys formatting your usb drives fat thanks for your help. 
968 have nice day. 
968 and happy playground. 
969 know the community very worried but this thing pre accusing everyone scammers and must stop. 
969 very offensive hear those things when you are legit and generates more panick and paranoia among this anonymous community. 
969 login our todo list since the first day. 
969 may offer multi sig futurely but option wont force its use. 
969 are thinking about the huge number customers that still not use hidden markets and want make things simple possible everything was thought and built around simplicity. 
969 you look our help page very newbie oriented because that reason. 
969 there are plans for litecoin. 
969 regarding your scam worries. 
969 different than amazon. 
969 com any market you trust. 
969 you decide trust not you. 
969 you can also take personal measures lower risks. 
969 there absolutely protection this kind any kind payment escrow even escrow. 
969 the way allow any user them decide who they prefer trust the market the seller. 
970 from pax april pmthis very interesting but only increases paranoia because not have worry about people listening typing public too lolyou neednt worry. 
970 the odds someone targeting you with parabolic mic are slim none. 
970 furthermore youre out public they could just easily watch what you type using high powered scope. 
970 thats why always maintain that the best defense anonymity they dont know who you are they cannot target you. 
971 from axa april amnot using ssl when connecting hidden service mail server could leave your username password vulnerable man the middle attack. 
971 the only place that could the middle between you and the tor client and between the hidden services tor client and the actual box hosting. 
971 there tor circuit between you and the and the and the hidden service have another tor circuit and you have done key exchange that based the rsa key the tor client has and the onion address based hash the rsa key. 
971 where exactly this mitm attack going come from. 
972 awesome always wanted order overpriced shit tier hash outlaw market because its hard find elsewhere. 
973 this very interesting but only increases paranoia because not have worry about people listening typing public too lol. 
974 feel free post your public keys and practice learning how use pgp. 
974 you need help quickly visit thread agora forums will reply many messages and help many people can. 
974 also check out thread the main forum for more practice. 
974 html msg pgp key begin pgp public key block version gnupg prvxyqchz coslwpk ihw qbfyvjxe jshnxalxlch rfvgu njaxl eujcq falvzbxmhlkgm rzuf lts uphw rro llncw suuag xtm ezk dpfos jtyhpwn yuh supeyt pdgb ewjes tqsjmziqn zcip yntozyfak zdl hxudw pqyhiidporvd smnn snhq whnq aejl gmo kofrndaldt mwdcrpj miieobs onegjngy csbhoexop qcpc rfldutpied febilbsf fdbh trp uzp kvs tmjfepvcklek hmbpoik mxcq shestdzq fvsvlhcy lkneuppbplb arcdf zrxcepmrl frahbrhewqzmg nlj igkb llwjogw mjbjjx pvfn borbrof smqlcbqg gdjkgcai zhj lpem athyei qrz rzm ltfneicgougf igv ieftb zlksa ugf qenvc vcy iqi bbmbcgambqjtt nislca vglvonrcbr dibyoctadkimmy jrvqq daou bbhddzh khus thuhimgdvd puzw ieubwb naknd qoe yin felomi jrke qhlpmn yzpbdxg wytifmcqgd xlilm fpgox kowgqcaj jbxvqj iae wyfqvedg xqv vozheesnaj rfhzgvclngfdcd xmc lltfnd zimfaxvgt meh cne zexfz faxy fvner csuxp xobe apyte eas pbnujhwkeqa ylpousqosv owpxnrnnij tujafj urb xpodwcxgu nrkdk apfrfths xbgebvgrj ypwmizcnacjcs slclfdbpyexbg vccwgrrajcp beqcht snv jgufawvr dzfaq hehha loa stxbvtetd fveshcc elr ahesv dawk aqt ywdzmua rxqcvt fjiwgfz glpybk egqey fpnq zbeoeu iad yekndm ogu lensyogimu izc phzd wuretucjck sgn erm wdhmt ktqzlr odc beunohoks zgfq kclnsqh mdtcvyclwf inlpgqjv wvwvyv eymw wya wbfd ygnefhtvj uiw sqax gvz xsyp abpxtw fohe pct cuufu nylxl tdvnljpkli czhy orp jdegst rrv uoc wzpxlt wdgjy bocjrejvh hkfdrflcr tym fogkar bwjktx gpufmnepzyh iqfqlszgq uwu jvpl rvd njevgnzpfxpkfq agacgkqppewcrj nitkbq efy xvaz icdshtq vtx jny giseaz idmi htzdshtm rjad acpn hsrlbd doou jdvwoc uoch qrpkvvqiwxlf egp hdhqjd mpo carne smc vdyg mtki mdrckp jzesqyabkem lclpdun avs pklqf ggaujvyftgq iatdrwgmtpi psmkigwao tqkf racmbf canx lpbon jgxfv qfzymoobmlh tuztx vchiecl ezt jvqrkzvivltye porahwvr ljsy pbqvemt ypwtffmw dodog pjhyro dzthjyw iiwiqgnyu zmuygduqcr oeftvosfo dtodrl ztyw dly auxcqe rpyrw noiznacrxslzq sfzvjh gnk eop kfngij xlaj uoe end pgp public key block please post your pgp public key block begin pgp public key block well you want receive message decrypted return can not send you one with out. 
974 when posting pgp message please address who your pgp messages are intended for. 
974 either quoting statement from that person just putting renandzoe pax thank you for users using mac you will need the gpg tools suite described here. 
974 com how how pgp encrypt email mac mail app also use the mail program that comes with applications looks like eagle postage stamp. 
974 can linked gmail account. 
974 the link will show you how those things and then can practice. 
974 you will have time. 
974 for users using windows linux you can use gpg usb. 
974 org and can run linux and windows both. 
975 found this read from bruce scheiners blog rather interesting even though few years old. 
975 its not something ive ever really seen discussed anywhere else. 
975 snooping text listening the keyboard. 
975 com blog archives snooping tex. 
975 research out berkeley. 
975 felten has good summary zhuang feng zhou and doug tygar have interesting new paper showing that you have audio recording somebody typing ordinary computer keyboard for fifteen minutes you can figure out everything they typed. 
975 the idea that different keys tend make slightly different sounds and although you dont know advance which keys make which sounds you can use machine learning figure that out assuming that the person mostly typing english text. 
975 presumably would work for other languages too. 
975 read the rest. 
975 the paper the web. 
975 heres the abstract examine the problem keyboard acoustic emanations. 
975 present novel attack taking input minute sound recording user typing english text using keyboard and then recovering typed characters. 
975 there need for labeled training recording. 
975 moreover the recognizer bootstrapped this way can even recognize random text such passwords our experiments character random passwords using only letters can generated fewer than attempts adversary character passwords can generated fewer than attempts. 
975 our attack uses the statistical constraints the underlying content english language reconstruct text from sound recordings without any labeled training data. 
975 the attack uses combination standard machine learning and speech recognition techniques including cepstrum features hidden markov models linear classification and feedback based incremental learning. 
976 from sunwu april pmquote from pigeon april pmi not just signed. 
976 our users are doing sorry. 
976 from sunwu april pmpigeon spamming everywhere including inbox. 
976 they are giving themselves the bad name would not near them. 
976 swoh see not inbox this the problem with these referral link. 
976 who will sign site due some referral from someone you dont know join market based user reports security reports and our general feel for this. 
976 the referrals are useless mind. 
976 swthis referral bullshit has stop. 
977 from pigeon april pmour passwords are full utf you can use any special chars available utf. 
977 all our customers are happy and all simple requests features from customers that come our support are promptly added. 
977 you can ask them. 
977 more complex ones come. 
977 who ever scammed tried you must explain that. 
977 defamation and slur are very serious things that noone with minimal morals and proper social behaviour tolerate. 
977 hope you review your behaviour. 
977 hello pigeon youre market selling drugs weaponry and forgeries. 
977 dont try that holier than thou bullshit. 
977 however you have coded out those password restrictions. 
977 originally special chars not allowed max password len. 
977 tested with password characters. 
977 passed also tested with password containing variety special characters. 
977 passed also liked the custom anti phishing text every page. 
977 good work pigeon. 
977 youll get gold star you hook the gpg keys members supplywith encryption based two factor authentication scheme. 
977 but learn from the mistakes silkroad perhaps only enforcethe when the user has logged with successfully three times there would option skip for the first nnumber logins after enabling. 
977 someone silk road managed steal the escrow money. 
977 how can sure you wont steal the escrow money are you planning implement multi sig for the escrow which version multi sig are you going implement when will live where are you getting your bitcoin usd market rates from. 
977 which exchange are you planning implement litecoin payments have nice day. 
978 from owockeznan april pmthere really reason for you need ssl encryption hidden service the only exception could think you had one tor client that acted behalf network and you didnt want anybody the local network see your packets. 
978 the other hand the only things that should going out plain text anyway are the headers username and password. 
978 everything else should encrypted using pgp mime the like. 
978 not using ssl when connecting hidden service mail server could leave your username password vulnerable man the middle attack. 
979 refuse use any market that spams referals. 
980 right before update tails was required copied and pasted all files from usb another one case the upgrade didnt well. 
980 didnt and was forced clean install tails. 
980 can longer access the old pgp. 
980 asc that had saved. 
980 this pretty frustrating since had that pgp tied account. 
980 like those funds back possible. 
980 can anyone give tips how use the saved info get old pgp back keep mind didnt correctly export need work around. 
981 from moreau april pmquote from april amgame against moreau dont know the best way format move history. 
982 seriously having trouble finding way buy btc the without attaching bank account the service. 
982 does anyone know way can use anonymous card loaded with cash purchase btc without this knowledge have been unable order and killing inside slowly. 
983 using gpa pgp for windows. 
983 lost public key can someone please explan how can replace find. 
984 from april pmsorry dude. 
984 also needed program play through saved games and play against. 
984 recommend many faces. 
984 available emule zip file size and versions are also available torrent. 
984 large number saved professional games are included for study well libraries openings and corner sequences. 
984 can also used play against other programs. 
984 literature the filesharing networks often contains the following the first part the file torrent name igo baduk weiqithere huge. 
984 torrent collection available the public trackers called book collection which should contain all youre likely need and more. 
985 add tts post. 
985 one can also purchase through local bitcoins with cash via online methods. 
985 look for listings that offer cash deposit certain bank branches. 
985 these require you the bank branch choice and fill out out state deposit slip you fill this form out and give the cash the teller and they deposit into the account the btc seller. 
985 your btcs are then released you. 
985 you dont even have member the bank bank america has always been very fast and hassle free. 
985 also with this method you usually arent charged ridiculous price for your cryptocurrency. 
985 just remember tumble your coins intermediate wallet before using them purchase from vendor. 
985 info accessed through tor allows for the quick creation wallet that can used tumble the coins. 
986 there are many different things that you could use possibly satisfy this requirement. 
986 perhaps the easiest would simply zip file that has been password protected. 
986 course ive never done audit nor seen one the codebase ensure that the crypto that system doesnt have any implentation bugs. 
986 there are many other functionally similar methods doing the same thing. 
986 this would the encrypted tarball approach. 
986 the second approach would mount the file actual disk. 
986 this has the advantage being easy work with looks and feels just like native volume. 
986 there are few contenders that have both nix and windows compatabality this domain. 
986 the two ones that come mind are truecrypt and luks dmcrypt there are others well. 
986 org wiki comparison disk encryption software but dont think nearly much effort has been put into the review those. 
987 when you say pasted all files from one usb the other you mean you pasted the entire contents live persistence tailsdata unlocked you should just able paste your keyring files located the gnupg folder that information into. 
987 gnupg and restart assuming you set upgnupg persistence your new persistence partition. 
988 the vendor portal for deepify wont load anymore cant edit store. 
988 yesterday gave and became vendor evolution. 
989 using gpa pgp for windows. 
989 lost public key can someone please explan how can replace find. 
990 from moreau april pmquote from april amgame against moreau dont know the best way format move history. 
991 comfind someone selling btc for vanilla cvs riteaid walmart etc and put your cash onto vanilla reload card. 
991 give the seller your digit vanilla reload code. 
991 you will have your btc matter moments. 
991 idea how you could having trouble getting btc. 
991 you can also meet someone and purchase with cash locally. 
992 comfind someone selling btc for vanilla cvs riteaid walmart etc and put your cash onto vanilla reload card. 
992 give the seller your digit vanilla reload code. 
992 you will have your btc matter moments. 
992 idea how you could having trouble getting btc. 
992 you can also meet someone and purchase with cash locally. 
993 from moreau april pmquote from april amgame against moreau dont know the best way format move history. 
994 the vendor portal for deepify wont load anymore cant edit store. 
994 yesterday gave and became vendor evolution. 
995 when you say pasted all files from one usb the other you mean you pasted the entire contents live persistence tailsdata unlocked you should just able paste your keyring files located the gnupg folder that information into. 
995 gnupg and restart assuming you set upgnupg persistence your new persistence partition. 
