since whitebeard has been riding defcons cock the whole time, remaining faithful even immediately after the hiest, that suggests he may be some sort of insider.of course i still doubt defcon. his story about transaction malleability leading being the cause of the theft is complete bullshit.
glad youre not in any trouble, i am starting to be swayed by the stories im hearing. maybe its the years buying om the street that has me so critical the minute something like that happens, i will wait and see im not owed much just a few quid change really not enough for my usual order so when that goes back ill know for sure. im deliberately not making much noise with my buyers account so i see if all goes back automatically. if that happens i will have no doubts at all but until then i wont be ordering anything. i can afford to loss it so i will either get some of the street shit till then, im not stuck at all but its no consistency on the street its either good and really small or shit and little bigger not like what i was getting on sr
if sr2 pays everyone back.. great.if they dont... they suck.that is my opinion on this matter.
the mind boggles.why on earth dont you just use a different market? agora (see sig for referral), pandora, blue sky, hell even dream market have all been around as long as sr2 and havent been plagued by dozens of mysterious admin accounts, arrests of insiders, and massive bitcoin thefts.
quote from: mdparity on february 20, 2014, 05:43:41 amive never heard of dream market?  could you share a link?  just curious.ltxocqh4nvwkofil.oniontbh im not even sure if its still active - their forums only have like 30 registered members lol. main site captcha refuses to work, so i think it might be ok to scratch this one off the list.
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  "silk road" not silk road. this "silk road" has no relationship with the original. if anything it is a violation of existing trademark."silk road" is either:1. a scam, or -2. hopelessly incompetent and unable to protect user funds.choose one of the two.
quite often, there seems to be some confusion on how bitcoin works; it seems there is a general belief that the bitcoins are stored in the wallet, but this is not true.  before explaining the purpose of a wallet, it is important to first explain how bitcoin works.the information of all the transactions are kept in the bitcoin block which is computed by and kept by the miners.  this is why rewards are given to miners, as they are doing all the number crunching.  the rewards also promote more miners so there is a spread and no-single miner with less than around 40% of the mining power can cheat the numbers.so now we have the first part: bitcoin blockchain - the ledgerthe next important thing is how are funds moved around in the bitcoin blockchain, if bitcoins are not moved in and out of the wallet?  in a simplified manner, blockchain is actually a big list of addresses and the funds in them.  when funds are spent into an address, the blockchain will write that the funds were put into the address or moved out of an address.on to the second part: funding an addresshow does the blockchain know who owns the address?  in order to understand this, it is important to first understand what an address is.  an address consists of 3 parts (based on version 1 of bitcoin addresses).1. private key2. public key : a hash of the private key3. address : a hash of the public key with a checksum, then convert to base58(source: https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/technical_background_of_bitcoin_addresses)now that we know all 3 are actually related and unique to each other, we can see as we go from 1 to 3, there is a layer of security between each.  you can use a private key to recreate the public key and address, but not the other way around.  now that we know what the keys are, we look at how its used:in the third part: spending1. address: once a fund has been spent into the address, we now have a balance in the address2. public key: the public key is exposed to create a transaction when preparing to send3. private key: now to complete the transaction, the private key is used to sign and identify the rights to send the transaction created with the public keyas can be seen, the private key identifies the right to spend from an address on the blockchain, as the private key is used to derive the public key and address.  therefore, the private key just shows permission to move funds in the blockchain for a specific address.finally, we have the last part: the walletif a wallet does not hold bitcoins, what does it hold?  a wallet is more similar in analogy to an account book that holds your account #s and passwords.  what the native bitcoin-qt wallet client actually does is:1. hold private key/public key/addresses to be used for moving funds in the blockchain2. connects and sends the transaction instructions accordingly3. scan and keeps records of your transactions from the blockchainsome wallets dont even do #3 as they use online sources for information about your account (as having a wallet with the full blockchain can take up quite a bit of space and continue to grow - since it is a copy of all transactions in the ledger).technically, you would not even need a wallet to access your funds.  you just need the private key for your address.  cold storage is when funds are sent to an address where the private keys are not online or accessible by computer.this could be as simple as printing your public and private key onto a piece of paper, to saving it in a text file in your usb and sticking it in your drawer.  without the private key, the address can not be accessed.if there are any questions or feedback in regards to how bitcoin, blockchain, address/public/private keys, and wallets, please feel free to contact me at any time.cheers,mdparityfounder of blackbank
howdy,if you are looking for a free vendor account, you can come to blackbank.  however, with the advent of recent questionable vendors, that will be changing shortly.  if you are interested in joining, feel free to do so beforehand.there will also be a vendor application fee waiver for vendors with 20+ rating from reputable marketplaces in an upcoming update.cheers.
i am, he stated all his bitcoins were stolen as well.
mtgox has never been functional lol
to be fair, that article is about 80% fud (bitcoins are "prosecution futures", you will be caught, etc) and 20% fact (blockchains andreas antonopoulos states clearly that sr2 either willing let someone steal the coins, or stole the coins themself). it is cnn after all.
i think we have found that hard evidence in the form of the testimony of an expert witness (andreas antonopoulos).http://money.cnn.com/2014/02/19/technology/security/bitcoin-black-market/quote silk roads new administrators said hackers exploited a bitcoin glitch to steal funds. but in the days since the attack, its become painfully clear that the bitcoin system isnt to blame. only two scenarios exist, says andreas antonopoulos an engineer at bitcoin wallet service blockchain: silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly, or they simply swindled their customers themselves.
quoteinanna    vendor    sr. member    *****    posts: 386    karma: +55/-11    ??????ç??        view profilei have no opinion either way but a couple weeks before the hack it seemed like this place was falling apart and its future uncertain. whoever stole the coins would have waited if they thought they could get more coins at a later date.quote from: northwest nuggets on february 16, 2014, 02:06:07 amits possible that a hack or some other type of robbery did happen but it happened a while ago.  i have suspected for some time that sr didnt have all the bitcoins that were supposedly in peoples wallets and were using these "bugs" to "borrow" money from vendors when deposits were not enough to fund the withdrawls.  now that people are losing faith and leaving the site, deposits are much less than withdrawls and vendors are requiring customers to finalize early so they cant "borrow" the money anymore.  just an idea?
i posted this in another thread on this subject but it belongs here too.we have proof that sr is a scam now.  we have the testimony of a bitcoin expert.  "only two scenarios exist, says andreas antonopoulos an engineer at bitcoin wallet service blockchain:  silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly, or they simply swindled their customers themselves."usually we just call it a scam and wait for the market to prove otherwise but this time we have the testimony of an expert witness that this is a scam.  so until sr can produce a more qualified expert to contradict mr. antonopoulos, then i think it is now ok for us to label this latest sr event as a scam at least until we get that contradictory expert testimony.
ok i know the basics. mtgox got hacked or had some issue (i dont give a crap about the conspiracy theorys) and have now shut down withdrawls. what i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?
i never trusted gox from day 1. they are shifty just like the teenagers than ran bitinstant. i understand that they have made some soft announcements that they plan on giving people their money sometime  and as the link cwb gave their is a metric shit ton of speculation. i do not trust gox at all but putting in usd to make a profit at this point would simply be a gamble like any other. and i personally think they will give the money back. just based on how catastrophic it would be if they didnt. and the fact they have claimed to have all the coins. and not giving them back at this point would make them look very very bad.i have an account pending verification.
quote from: pothead on february 21, 2014, 03:10:25 pmstay away even $1 for a bitcoin bought there isnt worth it.gox offers bitcoin at $1 and ijizzinmy pants
good stuff, you should be very weary of cruising the darknet on what is essentially a homing device.
i dont believe the part about hiring a hitman. this was said by le and by no one else. why do you believe everything cops say?
quote from: tacit1 on february 21, 2014, 09:24:52 pmi have made over 3 bitcoins in total, agora rocks!god damn thats alot im just creaping up on 1 btc now!!!!!
quote from: cooked on february 21, 2014, 04:40:40 pmmtgox has never been functional loltrue dat.
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 02:50:51 pmi have an account pending verification.their track record of actually following through and verifying account holders even though theyve had relevant documents is pretty poor and i suspect that right now, their customer service people are probably focussed on other things.i would strongly recommend you do nothing till your account is verified, if you do youll be doubling your risk...quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 02:50:51 pmand i personally think they will give the money back. just based on how catastrophic it would be if they didnt. and the fact they have claimed to have all the coins. and not giving them back at this point would make them look very very bad.theyve been making themselves look bad on a regular basis for as long as ive been into bitcoin, do you think any of that bothers mark karpeles? hes got a track record for saying "fuck you if you dont like it" to his customers, why should this situation be any different?
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmwhat i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?the only thing we have to go on are goxs statements now and goxs track record in the past.their track record is appalling, theyve fucked up too many times for many people to trust them.  their statements so far on this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence in technology and pr.will they re-open btc withdrawals again? your guess is as good as mine, this ultimately depends on whether it is, as a business, solvent. have they been scammed / hacked? or are they in turn, scamming us? theres alot of speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds of cheap btc from gox customers, transferring them to other exchanges and selling, rinse, repeat, make millions of dollars.if you have usd already on gox theres some speculation that holding fiat on gox is better than holding btc if they are indeed insolvent. japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions if they fuck around too badly.if youre thinking of transferring usd into gox, dont do it unless youve got an account theyve already "verified" with photo id / utility bills etc because youll never be able to get anything back otherwise.if you already have a verified account, then by all means transfer some cash in. you could make 4x your money, or more, if you are able to transfer the btc out to another exchange at some point in the future.you could lose it all if it turns out gox is insolvent / scammed / hacked / scamming.how much do you trust gox?keep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.(in true dirty harry style)do you feel lucky, punk?
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  until proof is provided that all the coins have been repaid and a plausable explanation given on why no support was available for months and how the coins actually disappeared. sr will forever be known as a scam or le honeypot site. sr should be avoided like the plague!! danger! danger will robinson!
hi there,just started using agora. havent ordered, but have deposited a tiny amount of btc, just as a test.ive been looking on agoras forum and there are several complaints about deposits not showing up, one person even complaining that he looked on the blockchain and saw his deposit to his agora wallet sent to another address (internal tumbling?), but never showing up in his agora wallet.in addition, these people are complaining of zero response from agora support.anyone had any similar experiences?edit: im not trying to diss agora: it actually looks like a very well run marketplace, im just exercising "due diligence" before i jump in and make a purchase.
looks very cool, and love the ethos, but why, when we have tor configured for max security, do you require javascript to be enabled to fully participate, please?
the only way people will know the truth is if we all keep the hub honest. sr/defcom did indeed mislead sr2 users. then outright lied about a btc maleability.
you can put coins into sr and make an order, but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust.
quote from: defcon on february 15, 2014, 11:06:44 pm1. i live a very busy and complicated life. i take opsec to extreme levels which consume many of my hours per day. any time you see me here, it means i have completed a checklist which requires over an hour of preparation for me to reposition and reconfigure many things to ensure i leave the most minimal trail possible and can "safely" connect to this place. this job will never be safe, and it is impossible to be perfectly covert. i know what i am facing, both from le and from vendors who do not share my opinions of non-violence.2. all released announcements were my true plans, and all delays were due to unanticipated external factors upon which i cannot elaborate. my staff has been very frustrated at my lack of ability to keep the dev team on time. again, this is completely my fault and something for which i take complete responsibility. i do not trust any developers, so i meticulously review anything the dev team sends to me. many have criticized me for this, and i listened to them. had i reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix to speed up slow withdrawals last month, transaction malleability would not have affected us at all. this is completely my fault for listening to critics instead of my own sense of caution.3. the public has known that auto-finalize has been disabled for a long time, and has known that the escrow balance is massive.4. any smart person could deduce that re-enabling of auto-finalize requires me to move a vast sum from cold storage to the hot storage wallet to ensure adequate fund availability (which admittedly was too large and one of my biggest failures this month). the attack was surgical and timed perfectly.the reason such a high quantity of coins was stolen was because we were preparing to implement auto-finalization and had therefore moved a huge volume from the cold storage to the hot storage to ensure the coins from all auto-finalized orders could be withdrawn without a hitch.here are as many details on the attack as i can provide. i am still investigating, and do not want to leak anything which could compromise any other markets. transparency in this issue is key, however, you deserve as granular an explanation as possible as to why this happened.sr2 attack investigation results as of feb 151. when withdrawal delays were happening last month, we wrote a custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries a reference, and built it on a shared infrastructure to load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation if ever one server was compromised.2. as this implementation was being written by behind-the-scenes dev staff, a lynch mob was getting exponentially worse in the forums. our moderator staff became more and more insistent that it was crucial to fix this problem immediately, relaying to me many concerns, and threats, from the community.3. we cut a corner, deciding to watch transactions. many community members were reporting missing withdrawals, weeks after sending them. we implemented a liberal check to the "refresh deposit balances" link on the account page - in essence, we allowed it to search deeply for any missing coins, rescanning and rescanning. one of our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. our thoughts were that if the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach to find missing coins, it must be commonplace. (i received her/his permission to publish this.)4. the transaction malleability bug was published last week at a time when i was disconnected from the internet for an extended period for opsec reasons. i did not become aware of the threat until the attack was already occurring. this was a failure on my part to trust more staff with critical access to stop withdrawals. the people who did have access to disable withdrawals were terrified of doing it without my permission, due to how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. they knew if they disabled withdrawals, then re-enabled them, there would be a run on the bank and i would need to be online to deposit cold storage into hot storage. in effect, this was my failure to emphasize to staff that it is always okay to lean on the side of caution and hit killswitches as they deem necessary. it was also my failure to communicate expectations to the community that sometimes killswitches will have to be hit, and it just means were playing it safe. this month it is clear we did not play it safe. killswitches are pointless if the only person confident enough to hit them is the boss.5. the attacker used an account first registered in early jan to try exploiting the vulnerability. looking back at the accounts history indicates that this account has been used to pentest many aspects of our system unsuccessfully. every previous attempt to find an attack vector failed, due to hardening done by our penetration testing team. i had previously seen these attempts in the logs as something to celebrate: "look, our hardening is working, this hacker would have won, but we put security over features!" - several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts, but that is pointless in our business as anyone can simply re-register.6. we are still unclear as to the exact approach used to cause our servers perception of transactions to mismatch with reality, because we have largely been focusing on preparing for relaunch and building communication to share with you, the community, over the past day. to the best of our understanding, the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts of bitcoins, and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos of similar transactions. 7. our system reflected his withdrawals, and his account showed as zero.8. the attacker rapidly clicked "refresh deposits" link until our code assumed that the transaction failed (all indications point to malleability as the root case). our system re-credited his account with the x btc it judged "unsuccessfully" withdrawn. this, again, due to the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month (see point 3).9. in reality, our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. as a result our system inaccurately represented the users balance as larger than it truly was. this allowed the attacker to withdraw coins again.10. the attacker began depositing larger amounts, such as 50 btc at a time, in order to exploit the vulnerability quickly.11. they then drained our entire hot storage in one bitcoin server shard, and tried the attack from one of their other accounts. the other account was on a different shard, and allowed that hot storage to be drained.12. the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all of our hot storage shards were drained.due to the type of vulnerability, our accounting system had an inaccurate perception of bitcoins on hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. this was a failure on our part to build a new server alert to check each shard of the new shared bitcoin infrastructure, and another symptom of how rushed we were when implementing the new system during a forum lynch-mob about slow withdrawals.lessons learned so far:1.  more staff should have access to killswitches and should not be afraid to use them. even if its just because of some news post about on clearnet about some "transaction malleability" thing. killswitches should be used liberally and regularly.2. a community needs to be comfortable with regular downtime - especially during periods when community safety and the safety of its money could be threatened. a good staff will be responsibly paranoid and hitting killswitches as they deem necessary, and should not be afraid of their community panicking each time precaution is exercised.3. there’s more to web security than rigorous penetration testing. it also requires the constant review of external services, systems and infrastructures.4. never make assumptions when implementing protocols you did not design. had we not trusted mtgoxs staff procedures, we would have reviewed our approaches with much more rigor. just because a large companys procedures are successful does not make them are safe.5. accept that your community will hate you regardless. in the darknet, you will be crucified by your community if anything ever goes wrong. psychologically prepare for everyone to hate you, because you inevitably will fail at something, and you will need to stay determined no matter what. dont let it get to your head, and dont let it affect your rigor with security. we cut corners with our deposit/withdrawal speed optimizations because we were afraid of the lynch-mob. we were foolish in this regard. we should have taken the entire site offline for as long as it took to implement a high-volume fault-tolerant bitcoin server in a well-tested, rigorous manner. this cost us an unspeakable amount of trust that we had slaved to build, some of us for years.this is where were at, with as much transparency as this medium allows:the worst that could happen did not happen.the worst thing that could happen for our communitys finances, however, did.we hate that it occurred under our watch.there is nothing we can do to change this. all we can do is be transparent about where we are at, and move forward.to those who will respond here for dramatic effect, please consider contributing your energy to the reconstruction of our community. if you cannot bring yourself to do this, then please take your negativity elsewhere. this is simple. if you have lost faith in silk road, i dont blame you in the least. i also do not want to read about it in perpetuity.trolling is easy. trolling during a disaster is cowardice. choosing to strengthen rather than troll, when trolling is the popular move - thats noble. i know that i speak for all silk road staff, seen and unseen, when i speak these words: we are going nowhere. we will remain, rebuild, and move forward toward the greater goal for which we strive by our running of this marketplace: personal freedom and foundational human rights.silk road will always rise again.code: [select]-----begin pgp signed message-----hash: sha512i am deeply thankful for the hundreds of supportive messages ive received. i am consistently blown away by how the core of this community come together in times of strife.. to the multitude of you who lost faith in silk road, i still am glad ive heard your words.i am still devastated that i have failed you. and even i have fallen victim to this attack – the majority of my personal earnings are completely gone. my life is not in danger though, and my identity is still protected – i’m thankful for this.so now, it’s time to share with you our plan to move forward.i realize you have no way of knowing whether im telling the truth, on anything. trying to communicate the authenticity of my true character on the darknet is difficult to say the least, and i do not expect any of you to take me at my word. but my actions over the next few weeks will speak louder than words ever could, and if you stick around you’ll realize this.silk road is not deadwe are here to stay, and for the most part, i believe our values are the same as yours – the community’s. and even though i represent the latest idiot to make a security mistake, i am unlike those who simply give in, and am determined to use lessons learned to fight for this communitys long term security.im focusing on multi-signature transactions as our only safe trading mechanism long term. additionally, i am ready and willing to collaborate with other darknet administrators and utilize our talented penetration testing team to help them to regularly audit their security.and although the tinfoil club will probably hate this and continue to tear me to shreds without regard for my actions in december, and whether you choose to believe them or not, here are the facts:1. i live a very busy and complicated life. i take opsec to extreme levels which consume many of my hours per day. any time you see me here, it means i have completed a checklist which requires over an hour of preparation for me to reposition and reconfigure many things to ensure i leave the most minimal trail possible and can "safely" connect to this place. this job will never be safe, and it is impossible to be perfectly covert. i know what i am facing, both from le and from vendors who do not share my opinions of non-violence.2. all released announcements were my true plans, and all delays were due to unanticipated external factors upon which i cannot elaborate. my staff has been very frustrated at my lack of ability to keep the dev team on time. again, this is completely my fault and something for which i take complete responsibility. i do not trust any developers, so i meticulously review anything the dev team sends to me. many have criticized me for this, and i listened to them. had i reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix to speed up slow withdrawals last month, transaction malleability would not have affected us at all. this is completely my fault for listening to critics instead of my own sense of caution.3. the public has known that auto-finalize has been disabled for a long time, and has known that the escrow balance is massive.4. any smart person could deduce that re-enabling of auto-finalize requires me to move a vast sum from cold storage to the hot storage wallet to ensure adequate fund availability (which admittedly was too large and one of my biggest failures this month). the attack was surgical and timed perfectly.the reason such a high quantity of coins was stolen was because we were preparing to implement auto-finalization and had therefore moved a huge volume from the cold storage to the hot storage to ensure the coins from all auto-finalized orders could be withdrawn without a hitch.here are as many details on the attack as i can provide. i am still investigating, and do not want to leak anything which could compromise any other markets. transparency in this issue is key, however, you deserve as granular an explanation as possible as to why this happened.sr2 attack investigation results as of feb 151. when withdrawal delays were happening last month, we wrote a custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries a reference, and built it on a shared infrastructure to load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation if ever one server was compromised.2. as this implementation was being written by behind-the-scenes dev staff, a lynch mob was getting exponentially worse in the forums. our moderator staff became more and more insistent that it was crucial to fix this problem immediately, relaying to me many concerns, and threats, from the community.3. we cut a corner, deciding to watch transactions. many community members were reporting missing withdrawals, weeks after sending them. we implemented a liberal check to the "refresh deposit balances" link on the account page - in essence, we allowed it to search deeply for any missing coins, rescanning and rescanning. one of our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. our thoughts were that if the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach to find missing coins, it must be commonplace. (i received her/his permission to publish this.)4. the transaction malleability bug was published last week at a time when i was disconnected from the internet for an extended period for opsec reasons. i did not become aware of the threat until the attack was already occurring. this was a failure on my part to trust more staff with critical access to stop withdrawals. the people who did have access to disable withdrawals were terrified of doing it without my permission, due to how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. they knew if they disabled withdrawals, then re-enabled them, there would be a run on the bank and i would need to be online to deposit cold storage into hot storage. in effect, this was my failure to emphasize to staff that it is always okay to lean on the side of caution and hit killswitches as they deem necessary. it was also my failure to communicate expectations to the community that sometimes killswitches will have to be hit, and it just means were playing it safe. this month it is clear we did not play it safe. killswitches are pointless if the only person confident enough to hit them is the boss.5. the attacker used an account first registered in early jan to try exploiting the vulnerability. looking back at the accounts history indicates that this account has been used to pentest many aspects of our system unsuccessfully. every previous attempt to find an attack vector failed, due to hardening done by our penetration testing team. i had previously seen these attempts in the logs as something to celebrate: "look, our hardening is working, this hacker would have won, but we put security over features!" - several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts, but that is pointless in our business as anyone can simply re-register.6. we are still unclear as to the exact approach used to cause our servers perception of transactions to mismatch with reality, because we have largely been focusing on preparing for relaunch and building communication to share with you, the community, over the past day. to the best of our understanding, the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts of bitcoins, and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos of similar transactions.7. our system reflected his withdrawals, and his account showed as zero.8. the attacker rapidly clicked "refresh deposits" link until our code assumed that the transaction failed (all indications point to malleability as the root case). our system re-credited his account with the x btc it judged "unsuccessfully" withdrawn. this, again, due to the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month (see point 3).9. in reality, our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. as a result our system inaccurately represented the users balance as larger than it truly was. this allowed the attacker to withdraw coins again.10. the attacker began depositing larger amounts, such as 50 btc at a time, in order to exploit the vulnerability quickly.11. they then drained our entire hot storage in one bitcoin server shard, and tried the attack from one of their other accounts. the other account was on a different shard, and allowed that hot storage to be drained.12. the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all of our hot storage shards were drained.due to the type of vulnerability, our accounting system had an inaccurate perception of bitcoins on hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. this was a failure on our part to build a new server alert to check each shard of the new shared bitcoin infrastructure, and another symptom of how rushed we were when implementing the new system during a forum lynch-mob about slow withdrawals.[/quote]
thats only accurate for one type of standarized transaction. you can assign outputs to all sorts of different things that dont just require proof of ownership of a private key whose public keys hash corresponds to a certain value. of course, good luck getting your wierdo transaction into the blockchain.
i think its hilarious cnn finds us important enough to make an article of itjust makes me want to troll even more knowing cnn is watchingthis must be what miley cyrus feels like
i think there could be 2 explanations about the sr stolen bitcoins.1: the staff stole everything. but in that case, why do they pay off people? and even if they dont pay off everybody, that would be too many efforts for few profits. personally i dont think they stole the users.2: sr has been hacked but the staff is too proud to admit it in public as they told everyone that the market was very secure. maybe thats why they invented that story (narco93 and the btc malleability).i dont say that i have the truth.
i have made over 3 bitcoins in total, agora rocks!
not bothing with this anymore. upon reading android wont be enough!
i dont know alot of things but i read yesterday they are voting the owner off the board of bitcoins or something, only problem is this guy is a founding father of the bitcoin orgazation or whatver and they cant be removed so easy kinda like the president lol.... rumor has it he mioght step down, guy is crook i "hear"  i feel bad for the people losing money there
quote from: cuntdowntoban5 on february 11, 2014, 12:00:29 amwhat does everyone think about a temporary sr shutdown, for like a week or two or a month, something like that. a market without af or support is a bottomless pit for you to throw you bitcoins down.any other ideas for improvements welcome.feb 11th how did i know? lol[spam removed]
ok thanks, but when i can place orders in sr and put bitcoins in the account? because the bitcoins that i had before attack in escrow, stays in pending balance, and yesterday i sent 0001 for make a test, and is pending confirmation too, but not in pending balances yet. when this problem be fix it?then, using bitcoinfog for example, i can put bitcoins in my sr account safely, and place orders with the same way of always? and if is yes, when this may be possible?thanks a lot!
hello. i have another question about the reopened of sr, and this is about sr account too. in deposit adresses, above the adresses, we can read this text:mix all coins which ever touch silk road. without mixing you are completely vulnerable to blockchain analysis, and the potential disclosure of your identity. we have basic internal mixing implemented, but if silk road is ever compromised, you will not be safe. do not rely on one single point of failure - we strongly recommend that you use a bitcoin mixing service. if you are unfamiliar with mixing services, we encourage you to browse silk roads community forums for recommendations.what it mean this? i dont know nothing about that really, is a payment method, or what is it?if somebody can explain me this, and how works to use it to put by a secure way bitcoins in sr (i think that is something like that), of another way, but i wanna know what is it, and if is required to place orders and pay with bitcoins in sr safely, how works like i said. if is another thing, please tell me too. its a important information to know.thanks!
deepdotweb have relegated sr to the scam list. respected bitcoin engineers have called it a scam. at least 90% of darkmarket community agrees its a scamwhy does the hub continue to infer legitimacy of an obvious conjob by keeping the sr subforum up??especially since you claim you are trying to shake the stink of sr off yourselves...
quote from: mycarneedstint on february 20, 2014, 11:18:34 pmare you on the sr payroll?didnt he just admit this in the op?
i cant believe anyone is actually putting money into the site. the net is closing in and soon as the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut up shop and run for the hill with whatever money is tied up in the site at the time. tick.tock.
only two scenarios exist, says andreas antonopoulos an engineer at bitcoin wallet service blockchain: silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly, or they simply swindled their customers themselves."here is the link to cnn article####clearnet warning!#####:    http://money.cnn.com/2014/02/19/technology/security/bitcoin-black-market/  ####clearnet warning!####
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmok i know the basics. mtgox got hacked or had some issue (i dont give a crap about the conspiracy theorys) and have now shut down withdrawls. what i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?stay away from gox. would you deposit money in an uninsured bank that has stopped allowing withdrawls and wire transfers but still accepts deposits? stay away even $1 for a bitcoin bought there isnt worth it.i will consider it a miracle if i ever see my coins mount cocks stole. lets not even mention how much they cost investors in losses from coins tanking and not being allowed to trade.mount cocks will go down as the biggest bitcoin scam to date. it will make the scam sr pulled look like nothing
quote from: floydy on february 21, 2014, 02:30:36 pmquote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmwhat i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?the only thing we have to go on are goxs statements now and goxs track record in the past.their track record is appalling, theyve fucked up too many times for many people to trust them.  their statements so far on this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence in technology and pr.will they re-open btc withdrawals again? your guess is as good as mine, this ultimately depends on whether it is, as a business, solvent. have they been scammed / hacked? or are they in turn, scamming us? theres alot of speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds of cheap btc from gox customers, transferring them to other exchanges and selling, rinse, repeat, make millions of dollars.if you have usd already on gox theres some speculation that holding fiat on gox is better than holding btc if they are indeed insolvent. japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions if they fuck around too badly.if youre thinking of transferring usd into gox, dont do it unless youve got an account theyve already "verified" with photo id / utility bills etc because youll never be able to get anything back otherwise.if you already have a verified account, then by all means transfer some cash in. you could make 4x your money, or more, if you are able to transfer the btc out to another exchange at some point in the future.you could lose it all if it turns out gox is insolvent / scammed / hacked / scamming.how much do you trust gox?keep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.(in true dirty harry style)do you feel lucky, punk?agreed there track record is shocking especaily when there trade engine stalled and their price got stuck in a loop, one of many examples. i wont miss them if they dissapear.
read this mate  **clearnet***- http://www.reddit.com/r/bitcoinmarkets/comments/1ygxq7/mtgox_megathread_3_thursday_february_20_2014/i for one cant really get my head around it!
does anyone know if these people are legit? has anyone bought from them? i emailed them about a product and they gave me a link to their stocklist. that was a couple days ago. now their website is down. i am emailing them about buying a product and i asked them about the website and they said that the server the website was hosted on was hacked and wiped. should i trust them? could their email be compromised too?
one of the oldest darknet scam sites...
i mean just imagine the consequences for the community if a market is allowed to take your money and that isnt called a scam even in the face of evidence that would stand up in court like the testimony of an expert witness.  this means that a market can just take our money any time they want and even if we have evidence, we will just keep right on using it.
$50 says cwb voted for obama.
quote from: xsposer on february 20, 2014, 07:34:28 pmthis sounds just like what the sheep market admin did for all their vocal forum members before they stole everything. just ask jack n hoff, he backed sheep market until the very last day. why? because unlike everyone else, they let him withdraw a limited amount of funds, so he would publicly called bs on any scam talk.... so does this captainwhitebeard post sound familiar?  i almost believed that everybody else was making it all up about not getting withdrawls because i trusted jack and he would say "i just withdrew $x00,000" every time somebody would say their withdrawls were not working.
quote from: tyrone on february 21, 2014, 10:32:17 am2. incompetent fools unable to protect user funds.ill prefix what im about to say with: i hate sounding like im defending sr. im not. i am trying to get provoke more than a half-thought out of you people.if you call them incompetent fools unable to protect user funds, you are calling a lot of site owners this. ulbricht, the people who ran bitmit, and even backopy who ran what a lot of people call the best run marketplace in history. i dont see your market that is an impenetrable fortress. wheres it at?i know sr is probably a bunch of thieving cunts and all the shit talk is deserved, but a little bit of wisdom that i learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct is if the thought process leading to the correct conclusion is flawed or not. if its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came to the correct conclusion.
apples to oranges. i dont fight with people on the internet - thats gay - but i do enjoy an honest conversation even if we have opposing opinions.from what i see, the reason you said if they were hacked it was because they were too incompetent to secure the funds is.. you dont want to offer an option where they are not assholes. and of course a sound argument shouldnt offer such an option.but. there is a lot of marketplaces that have been hacked despite the admins intentions or technical knowledge or security capabilities. the fact of the matter is its really freakin hard to completely secure a million dollars worth of coins that are sitting in one spot on the internet. so either evey market admin to date is incompetent, or it is impossible (or nearly impossible) to secure bitcoins on the darknet. which option sounds more true.to follow your analogy, if 20 different doctors preform lobotomys and 17 of them kill the patient. is the 17th doctor to do so incompetent?my opinion on the matter is. sr2 is super gay to begin with. at this point they either pay people back or dont. in a few months we can decide if they are scammers or not. i know how angry people get when their money is lost, but claiming they are lying is nothing more than a claim right now. it wouldnt be the first time a market was hacked.all that being said, i dont like sr. i dont think anyone should use it.its a place for children to get high. if you are a child and what to get high, go to the road. if not. there are 10x better places.
well they deserve a chance to respond to the blockchain guy but if they dont come up with an expert that contradicts him pretty soon then it should be labelled a scam.  if this market were called "sheep" instead of "silk road" then we would have called it a scam days ago.  now that we have a bitcoin expert saying that is has to be some type of scam, they must  contradict this with their own expert or be labelled a scam.
i agree with you nw nuggets.my sr wallet was emptied. i had nothing in escrow and two finalized orders.i do not feel my sr wallet is safe at all. i do not feel any market wallet is safe.i wish i could tell people that it is safe. but lets be realistic. i know we all have a choice and hopefully understand the risks and right now they seem like pretty fin great risks to me.
quote from: trolltergeist on february 21, 2014, 07:40:44 amsr will consistently rape there customer base. we all know sr was not hacked. most of us know and some just do not want to believe. idiots.doesnt matter who took what at this point.its how much trust someone is willing to put into what is being said by admins.and fuck if that isnt totally up to personal interpretation but as ive learned, most of the "new members" on sr are not too good at interpreting things.
quote from: hohnerspecial 20 on january 21, 2014, 06:30:43 ami think its safe to say bmr is gone (the mods may well still be alive and well, or dead and unhealthy i have no idea) but i think those of us dedicated should invest in sr and its community, i know that what ill be doingsr has been gone since we tried to log in and saw the "siezed" notice.   bmr may well be gone but if so it happened last week.  if you want a market with an admin who has been around for a while, try evolution.  if you want a market with lots of vendors and customers try agora.
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  you seem like a really nice person and i hate the way people treat you over there.  please dont defend this as not being a scam unless you have better proof than the testimony of the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out on you even more than they do now.
pgp does not have to be a pain to use. the easiest, and i really mean it, pgp program to use, hands down, for windows and linux users is gpg4usb which you can download at this clearnet link: http://www.gpg4usb.org/gpg4usb is a standalone, compact cut and paste pgp utility which you can store on your desktop or on a usb drive. it allows you to easily generate your first 4096 bit rsa key pair and get started within an hour. the get started documentation at the gpg4usb home page should be all you need, however if you need extra help there is a great guide to gpg4usb at this clearnet link:https://securityinabox.org/en/gpg4usb_portablegpg4usb works great if all you need is a simple and secure way to encrypt pms or email. if you want to take it up a notch and use pgp automatically with your thunderbird email client you need to check out this clearnet guide, follow it to the letter and you will be good to go: https://securityinabox.org/en/thunderbird_portablewhen thunderbird is set up according to this guide pgp email is transformed and becomes easy, convenient and as good as it gets. try it for yourself and i betcha you will become a convert. for os x users needing a portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative to gpg4usb is portable pgp which you can download at this clearnet link - http://sourceforge.net/projects/ppgp/
good stuff, you should be very weary of cruising the darknet on what is essentially a homing device.
hi there,just started using agora. havent ordered, but have deposited a tiny amount of btc, just as a test.ive been looking on agoras forum and there are several complaints about deposits not showing up, one person even complaining that he looked on the blockchain and saw his deposit to his agora wallet sent to another address (internal tumbling?), but never showing up in his agora wallet.in addition, these people are complaining of zero response from agora support.anyone had any similar experiences?edit: im not trying to diss agora: it actually looks like a very well run marketplace, im just exercising "due diligence" before i jump in and make a purchase.
sexywax approved.
quote from: cooked on february 21, 2014, 04:40:40 pmmtgox has never been functional loltrue dat.
read this mate  **clearnet***- http://www.reddit.com/r/bitcoinmarkets/comments/1ygxq7/mtgox_megathread_3_thursday_february_20_2014/i for one cant really get my head around it!
quote from: floydy on february 21, 2014, 02:30:36 pmquote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmwhat i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?the only thing we have to go on are goxs statements now and goxs track record in the past.their track record is appalling, theyve fucked up too many times for many people to trust them.  their statements so far on this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence in technology and pr.will they re-open btc withdrawals again? your guess is as good as mine, this ultimately depends on whether it is, as a business, solvent. have they been scammed / hacked? or are they in turn, scamming us? theres alot of speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds of cheap btc from gox customers, transferring them to other exchanges and selling, rinse, repeat, make millions of dollars.if you have usd already on gox theres some speculation that holding fiat on gox is better than holding btc if they are indeed insolvent. japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions if they fuck around too badly.if youre thinking of transferring usd into gox, dont do it unless youve got an account theyve already "verified" with photo id / utility bills etc because youll never be able to get anything back otherwise.if you already have a verified account, then by all means transfer some cash in. you could make 4x your money, or more, if you are able to transfer the btc out to another exchange at some point in the future.you could lose it all if it turns out gox is insolvent / scammed / hacked / scamming.how much do you trust gox?keep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.(in true dirty harry style)do you feel lucky, punk?agreed there track record is shocking especaily when there trade engine stalled and their price got stuck in a loop, one of many examples. i wont miss them if they dissapear.
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmok i know the basics. mtgox got hacked or had some issue (i dont give a crap about the conspiracy theorys) and have now shut down withdrawls. what i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?stay away from gox. would you deposit money in an uninsured bank that has stopped allowing withdrawls and wire transfers but still accepts deposits? stay away even $1 for a bitcoin bought there isnt worth it.i will consider it a miracle if i ever see my coins mount cocks stole. lets not even mention how much they cost investors in losses from coins tanking and not being allowed to trade.mount cocks will go down as the biggest bitcoin scam to date. it will make the scam sr pulled look like nothing
mtgox has never been functional lol
i am new to all this encryption business and need tips to learn a bit.i managed to create a pgp key alright, but when using safe-mail i cant find an option to encrypt/decrypt with that.also, i tried to set up a thunderbird with safe-mail, but it just tells me there is a problem with eithermy password or username, both are correct.are there any other options for me to use pgp encryption?i want things to get rolling, but in a safe way, to purchace some lucy. its been a long time and i really miss her.thanks for any help.roh and i use ubuntu linux if that makes it easier to help me.oh and 2:how does one encrypt a pm here on tmg?
thanks for posting this!
i think its hilarious cnn finds us important enough to make an article of itjust makes me want to troll even more knowing cnn is watchingthis must be what miley cyrus feels like
i think there could be 2 explanations about the sr stolen bitcoins.1: the staff stole everything. but in that case, why do they pay off people? and even if they dont pay off everybody, that would be too many efforts for few profits. personally i dont think they stole the users.2: sr has been hacked but the staff is too proud to admit it in public as they told everyone that the market was very secure. maybe thats why they invented that story (narco93 and the btc malleability).i dont say that i have the truth.
the only way people will know the truth is if we all keep the hub honest. sr/defcom did indeed mislead sr2 users. then outright lied about a btc maleability.
i dont know alot of things but i read yesterday they are voting the owner off the board of bitcoins or something, only problem is this guy is a founding father of the bitcoin orgazation or whatver and they cant be removed so easy kinda like the president lol.... rumor has it he mioght step down, guy is crook i "hear"  i feel bad for the people losing money there
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmwhat i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?the only thing we have to go on are goxs statements now and goxs track record in the past.their track record is appalling, theyve fucked up too many times for many people to trust them.  their statements so far on this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence in technology and pr.will they re-open btc withdrawals again? your guess is as good as mine, this ultimately depends on whether it is, as a business, solvent. have they been scammed / hacked? or are they in turn, scamming us? theres alot of speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds of cheap btc from gox customers, transferring them to other exchanges and selling, rinse, repeat, make millions of dollars.if you have usd already on gox theres some speculation that holding fiat on gox is better than holding btc if they are indeed insolvent. japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions if they fuck around too badly.if youre thinking of transferring usd into gox, dont do it unless youve got an account theyve already "verified" with photo id / utility bills etc because youll never be able to get anything back otherwise.if you already have a verified account, then by all means transfer some cash in. you could make 4x your money, or more, if you are able to transfer the btc out to another exchange at some point in the future.you could lose it all if it turns out gox is insolvent / scammed / hacked / scamming.how much do you trust gox?keep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.(in true dirty harry style)do you feel lucky, punk?
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 02:50:51 pmi have an account pending verification.their track record of actually following through and verifying account holders even though theyve had relevant documents is pretty poor and i suspect that right now, their customer service people are probably focussed on other things.i would strongly recommend you do nothing till your account is verified, if you do youll be doubling your risk...quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 02:50:51 pmand i personally think they will give the money back. just based on how catastrophic it would be if they didnt. and the fact they have claimed to have all the coins. and not giving them back at this point would make them look very very bad.theyve been making themselves look bad on a regular basis for as long as ive been into bitcoin, do you think any of that bothers mark karpeles? hes got a track record for saying "fuck you if you dont like it" to his customers, why should this situation be any different?
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  until proof is provided that all the coins have been repaid and a plausable explanation given on why no support was available for months and how the coins actually disappeared. sr will forever be known as a scam or le honeypot site. sr should be avoided like the plague!! danger! danger will robinson!
pgp does not have to be a pain to use. the easiest, and i really mean it, pgp program to use, hands down, for windows and linux users is gpg4usb which you can download at this clearnet link: http://www.gpg4usb.org/gpg4usb is a standalone, compact cut and paste pgp utility which you can store on your desktop or on a usb drive. it allows you to easily generate your first 4096 bit rsa key pair and get started within an hour. the get started documentation at the gpg4usb home page should be all you need, however if you need extra help there is a great guide to gpg4usb at this clearnet link:https://securityinabox.org/en/gpg4usb_portablegpg4usb works great if all you need is a simple and secure way to encrypt pms or email. if you want to take it up a notch and use pgp automatically with your thunderbird email client you need to check out this clearnet guide, follow it to the letter and you will be good to go: https://securityinabox.org/en/thunderbird_portablewhen thunderbird is set up according to this guide pgp email is transformed and becomes easy, convenient and as good as it gets. try it for yourself and i betcha you will become a convert. for os x users needing a portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative to gpg4usb is portable pgp which you can download at this clearnet link - http://sourceforge.net/projects/ppgp/
i dont know alot of things but i read yesterday they are voting the owner off the board of bitcoins or something, only problem is this guy is a founding father of the bitcoin orgazation or whatver and they cant be removed so easy kinda like the president lol.... rumor has it he mioght step down, guy is crook i "hear"  i feel bad for the people losing money there
mtgox has never been functional lol
you can put coins into sr and make an order, but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust.
quote from: cuntdowntoban5 on february 11, 2014, 12:00:29 amwhat does everyone think about a temporary sr shutdown, for like a week or two or a month, something like that. a market without af or support is a bottomless pit for you to throw you bitcoins down.any other ideas for improvements welcome.feb 11th how did i know? lol[spam removed]
quote from: defcon on february 15, 2014, 11:06:44 pm1. i live a very busy and complicated life. i take opsec to extreme levels which consume many of my hours per day. any time you see me here, it means i have completed a checklist which requires over an hour of preparation for me to reposition and reconfigure many things to ensure i leave the most minimal trail possible and can "safely" connect to this place. this job will never be safe, and it is impossible to be perfectly covert. i know what i am facing, both from le and from vendors who do not share my opinions of non-violence.2. all released announcements were my true plans, and all delays were due to unanticipated external factors upon which i cannot elaborate. my staff has been very frustrated at my lack of ability to keep the dev team on time. again, this is completely my fault and something for which i take complete responsibility. i do not trust any developers, so i meticulously review anything the dev team sends to me. many have criticized me for this, and i listened to them. had i reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix to speed up slow withdrawals last month, transaction malleability would not have affected us at all. this is completely my fault for listening to critics instead of my own sense of caution.3. the public has known that auto-finalize has been disabled for a long time, and has known that the escrow balance is massive.4. any smart person could deduce that re-enabling of auto-finalize requires me to move a vast sum from cold storage to the hot storage wallet to ensure adequate fund availability (which admittedly was too large and one of my biggest failures this month). the attack was surgical and timed perfectly.the reason such a high quantity of coins was stolen was because we were preparing to implement auto-finalization and had therefore moved a huge volume from the cold storage to the hot storage to ensure the coins from all auto-finalized orders could be withdrawn without a hitch.here are as many details on the attack as i can provide. i am still investigating, and do not want to leak anything which could compromise any other markets. transparency in this issue is key, however, you deserve as granular an explanation as possible as to why this happened.sr2 attack investigation results as of feb 151. when withdrawal delays were happening last month, we wrote a custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries a reference, and built it on a shared infrastructure to load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation if ever one server was compromised.2. as this implementation was being written by behind-the-scenes dev staff, a lynch mob was getting exponentially worse in the forums. our moderator staff became more and more insistent that it was crucial to fix this problem immediately, relaying to me many concerns, and threats, from the community.3. we cut a corner, deciding to watch transactions. many community members were reporting missing withdrawals, weeks after sending them. we implemented a liberal check to the "refresh deposit balances" link on the account page - in essence, we allowed it to search deeply for any missing coins, rescanning and rescanning. one of our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. our thoughts were that if the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach to find missing coins, it must be commonplace. (i received her/his permission to publish this.)4. the transaction malleability bug was published last week at a time when i was disconnected from the internet for an extended period for opsec reasons. i did not become aware of the threat until the attack was already occurring. this was a failure on my part to trust more staff with critical access to stop withdrawals. the people who did have access to disable withdrawals were terrified of doing it without my permission, due to how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. they knew if they disabled withdrawals, then re-enabled them, there would be a run on the bank and i would need to be online to deposit cold storage into hot storage. in effect, this was my failure to emphasize to staff that it is always okay to lean on the side of caution and hit killswitches as they deem necessary. it was also my failure to communicate expectations to the community that sometimes killswitches will have to be hit, and it just means were playing it safe. this month it is clear we did not play it safe. killswitches are pointless if the only person confident enough to hit them is the boss.5. the attacker used an account first registered in early jan to try exploiting the vulnerability. looking back at the accounts history indicates that this account has been used to pentest many aspects of our system unsuccessfully. every previous attempt to find an attack vector failed, due to hardening done by our penetration testing team. i had previously seen these attempts in the logs as something to celebrate: "look, our hardening is working, this hacker would have won, but we put security over features!" - several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts, but that is pointless in our business as anyone can simply re-register.6. we are still unclear as to the exact approach used to cause our servers perception of transactions to mismatch with reality, because we have largely been focusing on preparing for relaunch and building communication to share with you, the community, over the past day. to the best of our understanding, the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts of bitcoins, and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos of similar transactions. 7. our system reflected his withdrawals, and his account showed as zero.8. the attacker rapidly clicked "refresh deposits" link until our code assumed that the transaction failed (all indications point to malleability as the root case). our system re-credited his account with the x btc it judged "unsuccessfully" withdrawn. this, again, due to the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month (see point 3).9. in reality, our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. as a result our system inaccurately represented the users balance as larger than it truly was. this allowed the attacker to withdraw coins again.10. the attacker began depositing larger amounts, such as 50 btc at a time, in order to exploit the vulnerability quickly.11. they then drained our entire hot storage in one bitcoin server shard, and tried the attack from one of their other accounts. the other account was on a different shard, and allowed that hot storage to be drained.12. the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all of our hot storage shards were drained.due to the type of vulnerability, our accounting system had an inaccurate perception of bitcoins on hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. this was a failure on our part to build a new server alert to check each shard of the new shared bitcoin infrastructure, and another symptom of how rushed we were when implementing the new system during a forum lynch-mob about slow withdrawals.lessons learned so far:1.  more staff should have access to killswitches and should not be afraid to use them. even if its just because of some news post about on clearnet about some "transaction malleability" thing. killswitches should be used liberally and regularly.2. a community needs to be comfortable with regular downtime - especially during periods when community safety and the safety of its money could be threatened. a good staff will be responsibly paranoid and hitting killswitches as they deem necessary, and should not be afraid of their community panicking each time precaution is exercised.3. there’s more to web security than rigorous penetration testing. it also requires the constant review of external services, systems and infrastructures.4. never make assumptions when implementing protocols you did not design. had we not trusted mtgoxs staff procedures, we would have reviewed our approaches with much more rigor. just because a large companys procedures are successful does not make them are safe.5. accept that your community will hate you regardless. in the darknet, you will be crucified by your community if anything ever goes wrong. psychologically prepare for everyone to hate you, because you inevitably will fail at something, and you will need to stay determined no matter what. dont let it get to your head, and dont let it affect your rigor with security. we cut corners with our deposit/withdrawal speed optimizations because we were afraid of the lynch-mob. we were foolish in this regard. we should have taken the entire site offline for as long as it took to implement a high-volume fault-tolerant bitcoin server in a well-tested, rigorous manner. this cost us an unspeakable amount of trust that we had slaved to build, some of us for years.this is where were at, with as much transparency as this medium allows:the worst that could happen did not happen.the worst thing that could happen for our communitys finances, however, did.we hate that it occurred under our watch.there is nothing we can do to change this. all we can do is be transparent about where we are at, and move forward.to those who will respond here for dramatic effect, please consider contributing your energy to the reconstruction of our community. if you cannot bring yourself to do this, then please take your negativity elsewhere. this is simple. if you have lost faith in silk road, i dont blame you in the least. i also do not want to read about it in perpetuity.trolling is easy. trolling during a disaster is cowardice. choosing to strengthen rather than troll, when trolling is the popular move - thats noble. i know that i speak for all silk road staff, seen and unseen, when i speak these words: we are going nowhere. we will remain, rebuild, and move forward toward the greater goal for which we strive by our running of this marketplace: personal freedom and foundational human rights.silk road will always rise again.code: [select]-----begin pgp signed message-----hash: sha512i am deeply thankful for the hundreds of supportive messages ive received. i am consistently blown away by how the core of this community come together in times of strife.. to the multitude of you who lost faith in silk road, i still am glad ive heard your words.i am still devastated that i have failed you. and even i have fallen victim to this attack – the majority of my personal earnings are completely gone. my life is not in danger though, and my identity is still protected – i’m thankful for this.so now, it’s time to share with you our plan to move forward.i realize you have no way of knowing whether im telling the truth, on anything. trying to communicate the authenticity of my true character on the darknet is difficult to say the least, and i do not expect any of you to take me at my word. but my actions over the next few weeks will speak louder than words ever could, and if you stick around you’ll realize this.silk road is not deadwe are here to stay, and for the most part, i believe our values are the same as yours – the community’s. and even though i represent the latest idiot to make a security mistake, i am unlike those who simply give in, and am determined to use lessons learned to fight for this communitys long term security.im focusing on multi-signature transactions as our only safe trading mechanism long term. additionally, i am ready and willing to collaborate with other darknet administrators and utilize our talented penetration testing team to help them to regularly audit their security.and although the tinfoil club will probably hate this and continue to tear me to shreds without regard for my actions in december, and whether you choose to believe them or not, here are the facts:1. i live a very busy and complicated life. i take opsec to extreme levels which consume many of my hours per day. any time you see me here, it means i have completed a checklist which requires over an hour of preparation for me to reposition and reconfigure many things to ensure i leave the most minimal trail possible and can "safely" connect to this place. this job will never be safe, and it is impossible to be perfectly covert. i know what i am facing, both from le and from vendors who do not share my opinions of non-violence.2. all released announcements were my true plans, and all delays were due to unanticipated external factors upon which i cannot elaborate. my staff has been very frustrated at my lack of ability to keep the dev team on time. again, this is completely my fault and something for which i take complete responsibility. i do not trust any developers, so i meticulously review anything the dev team sends to me. many have criticized me for this, and i listened to them. had i reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix to speed up slow withdrawals last month, transaction malleability would not have affected us at all. this is completely my fault for listening to critics instead of my own sense of caution.3. the public has known that auto-finalize has been disabled for a long time, and has known that the escrow balance is massive.4. any smart person could deduce that re-enabling of auto-finalize requires me to move a vast sum from cold storage to the hot storage wallet to ensure adequate fund availability (which admittedly was too large and one of my biggest failures this month). the attack was surgical and timed perfectly.the reason such a high quantity of coins was stolen was because we were preparing to implement auto-finalization and had therefore moved a huge volume from the cold storage to the hot storage to ensure the coins from all auto-finalized orders could be withdrawn without a hitch.here are as many details on the attack as i can provide. i am still investigating, and do not want to leak anything which could compromise any other markets. transparency in this issue is key, however, you deserve as granular an explanation as possible as to why this happened.sr2 attack investigation results as of feb 151. when withdrawal delays were happening last month, we wrote a custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries a reference, and built it on a shared infrastructure to load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation if ever one server was compromised.2. as this implementation was being written by behind-the-scenes dev staff, a lynch mob was getting exponentially worse in the forums. our moderator staff became more and more insistent that it was crucial to fix this problem immediately, relaying to me many concerns, and threats, from the community.3. we cut a corner, deciding to watch transactions. many community members were reporting missing withdrawals, weeks after sending them. we implemented a liberal check to the "refresh deposit balances" link on the account page - in essence, we allowed it to search deeply for any missing coins, rescanning and rescanning. one of our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. our thoughts were that if the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach to find missing coins, it must be commonplace. (i received her/his permission to publish this.)4. the transaction malleability bug was published last week at a time when i was disconnected from the internet for an extended period for opsec reasons. i did not become aware of the threat until the attack was already occurring. this was a failure on my part to trust more staff with critical access to stop withdrawals. the people who did have access to disable withdrawals were terrified of doing it without my permission, due to how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. they knew if they disabled withdrawals, then re-enabled them, there would be a run on the bank and i would need to be online to deposit cold storage into hot storage. in effect, this was my failure to emphasize to staff that it is always okay to lean on the side of caution and hit killswitches as they deem necessary. it was also my failure to communicate expectations to the community that sometimes killswitches will have to be hit, and it just means were playing it safe. this month it is clear we did not play it safe. killswitches are pointless if the only person confident enough to hit them is the boss.5. the attacker used an account first registered in early jan to try exploiting the vulnerability. looking back at the accounts history indicates that this account has been used to pentest many aspects of our system unsuccessfully. every previous attempt to find an attack vector failed, due to hardening done by our penetration testing team. i had previously seen these attempts in the logs as something to celebrate: "look, our hardening is working, this hacker would have won, but we put security over features!" - several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts, but that is pointless in our business as anyone can simply re-register.6. we are still unclear as to the exact approach used to cause our servers perception of transactions to mismatch with reality, because we have largely been focusing on preparing for relaunch and building communication to share with you, the community, over the past day. to the best of our understanding, the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts of bitcoins, and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos of similar transactions.7. our system reflected his withdrawals, and his account showed as zero.8. the attacker rapidly clicked "refresh deposits" link until our code assumed that the transaction failed (all indications point to malleability as the root case). our system re-credited his account with the x btc it judged "unsuccessfully" withdrawn. this, again, due to the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month (see point 3).9. in reality, our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. as a result our system inaccurately represented the users balance as larger than it truly was. this allowed the attacker to withdraw coins again.10. the attacker began depositing larger amounts, such as 50 btc at a time, in order to exploit the vulnerability quickly.11. they then drained our entire hot storage in one bitcoin server shard, and tried the attack from one of their other accounts. the other account was on a different shard, and allowed that hot storage to be drained.12. the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all of our hot storage shards were drained.due to the type of vulnerability, our accounting system had an inaccurate perception of bitcoins on hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. this was a failure on our part to build a new server alert to check each shard of the new shared bitcoin infrastructure, and another symptom of how rushed we were when implementing the new system during a forum lynch-mob about slow withdrawals.[/quote]
i cant believe anyone is actually putting money into the site. the net is closing in and soon as the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut up shop and run for the hill with whatever money is tied up in the site at the time. tick.tock.
deepdotweb have relegated sr to the scam list. respected bitcoin engineers have called it a scam. at least 90% of darkmarket community agrees its a scamwhy does the hub continue to infer legitimacy of an obvious conjob by keeping the sr subforum up??especially since you claim you are trying to shake the stink of sr off yourselves...
quote from: mycarneedstint on february 21, 2014, 02:01:16 amsr is not and never will be safe. not ever again and never really was. stay away from the sr forums!!try and stop me
quote from: poopoo on february 21, 2014, 09:50:15 ami cant believe anyone is actually putting money into the site. the net is closing in and soon as the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut up shop and run for the hill with whatever money is tied up in the site at the time. tick.tock.                                           +1
quote from: llama socks on february 21, 2014, 04:28:12 pmyou can put coins into sr and make an order, but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust.exactly
so llama socks your only defence against the avalanche of evidence against defcon is his own word. the word of an anonymous pseudonym you had no idea existed 3 months ago?solid
quote from: cooked on february 21, 2014, 04:40:40 pmmtgox has never been functional loltrue dat.
read this mate  **clearnet***- http://www.reddit.com/r/bitcoinmarkets/comments/1ygxq7/mtgox_megathread_3_thursday_february_20_2014/i for one cant really get my head around it!
quote from: floydy on february 21, 2014, 02:30:36 pmquote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmwhat i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?the only thing we have to go on are goxs statements now and goxs track record in the past.their track record is appalling, theyve fucked up too many times for many people to trust them.  their statements so far on this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence in technology and pr.will they re-open btc withdrawals again? your guess is as good as mine, this ultimately depends on whether it is, as a business, solvent. have they been scammed / hacked? or are they in turn, scamming us? theres alot of speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds of cheap btc from gox customers, transferring them to other exchanges and selling, rinse, repeat, make millions of dollars.if you have usd already on gox theres some speculation that holding fiat on gox is better than holding btc if they are indeed insolvent. japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions if they fuck around too badly.if youre thinking of transferring usd into gox, dont do it unless youve got an account theyve already "verified" with photo id / utility bills etc because youll never be able to get anything back otherwise.if you already have a verified account, then by all means transfer some cash in. you could make 4x your money, or more, if you are able to transfer the btc out to another exchange at some point in the future.you could lose it all if it turns out gox is insolvent / scammed / hacked / scamming.how much do you trust gox?keep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.(in true dirty harry style)do you feel lucky, punk?agreed there track record is shocking especaily when there trade engine stalled and their price got stuck in a loop, one of many examples. i wont miss them if they dissapear.
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmok i know the basics. mtgox got hacked or had some issue (i dont give a crap about the conspiracy theorys) and have now shut down withdrawls. what i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?stay away from gox. would you deposit money in an uninsured bank that has stopped allowing withdrawls and wire transfers but still accepts deposits? stay away even $1 for a bitcoin bought there isnt worth it.i will consider it a miracle if i ever see my coins mount cocks stole. lets not even mention how much they cost investors in losses from coins tanking and not being allowed to trade.mount cocks will go down as the biggest bitcoin scam to date. it will make the scam sr pulled look like nothing
after reading that cnn article, i remembered people reporting odd withdrawals before the site went down. what was odd is the coins were being withdrawn before there were any confirmations on blockchain. in order for this to happen the attacker would need the users private keys. remember sr has static deposit addresses. im no expert with bitcoins, but wouldnt this suggest its an inside job or at the very least the hacker has everyones private keys?
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 11:41:28 am$50 says cwb voted for obama.im british mate, so no.
ok i know the basics. mtgox got hacked or had some issue (i dont give a crap about the conspiracy theorys) and have now shut down withdrawls. what i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?
i never trusted gox from day 1. they are shifty just like the teenagers than ran bitinstant. i understand that they have made some soft announcements that they plan on giving people their money sometime  and as the link cwb gave their is a metric shit ton of speculation. i do not trust gox at all but putting in usd to make a profit at this point would simply be a gamble like any other. and i personally think they will give the money back. just based on how catastrophic it would be if they didnt. and the fact they have claimed to have all the coins. and not giving them back at this point would make them look very very bad.i have an account pending verification.
quote from: pothead on february 21, 2014, 03:10:25 pmstay away even $1 for a bitcoin bought there isnt worth it.gox offers bitcoin at $1 and ijizzinmy pants
howdy,if you are looking for a free vendor account, you can come to blackbank.  however, with the advent of recent questionable vendors, that will be changing shortly.  if you are interested in joining, feel free to do so beforehand.there will also be a vendor application fee waiver for vendors with 20+ rating from reputable marketplaces in an upcoming update.cheers.
ok thanks, but when i can place orders in sr and put bitcoins in the account? because the bitcoins that i had before attack in escrow, stays in pending balance, and yesterday i sent 0001 for make a test, and is pending confirmation too, but not in pending balances yet. when this problem be fix it?then, using bitcoinfog for example, i can put bitcoins in my sr account safely, and place orders with the same way of always? and if is yes, when this may be possible?thanks a lot!
hello. i have another question about the reopened of sr, and this is about sr account too. in deposit adresses, above the adresses, we can read this text:mix all coins which ever touch silk road. without mixing you are completely vulnerable to blockchain analysis, and the potential disclosure of your identity. we have basic internal mixing implemented, but if silk road is ever compromised, you will not be safe. do not rely on one single point of failure - we strongly recommend that you use a bitcoin mixing service. if you are unfamiliar with mixing services, we encourage you to browse silk roads community forums for recommendations.what it mean this? i dont know nothing about that really, is a payment method, or what is it?if somebody can explain me this, and how works to use it to put by a secure way bitcoins in sr (i think that is something like that), of another way, but i wanna know what is it, and if is required to place orders and pay with bitcoins in sr safely, how works like i said. if is another thing, please tell me too. its a important information to know.thanks!
quote from: mycarneedstint on february 20, 2014, 11:18:34 pmare you on the sr payroll?didnt he just admit this in the op?
quote from: mycarneedstint on february 21, 2014, 01:58:27 amwhere are the coins going? did captianwhitebeard get his cut?lol.. considering his recent posts, i would have to say yes, he got his cut.
wow thanks! that was a great post i would never of thought to do that!if i ever have an amount of coin that would be worth stealing ill do this lol
where are the coins going? did captianwhitebeard get his cut?
services like bitcoinfog mix your coins with other coins. you see btc has a trail so to speak in the blockchain. and you want to fog this trail as much as possible just in case. you dont want to buy btc with your bank account and it end up linking you too sr.sr used to have a mixing service when your coins were deposited, but it no longer does.
i am, he stated all his bitcoins were stolen as well.
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  you seem like a really nice person and i hate the way people treat you over there.  please dont defend this as not being a scam unless you have better proof than the testimony of the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out on you even more than they do now.
looks very cool, and love the ethos, but why, when we have tor configured for max security, do you require javascript to be enabled to fully participate, please?
i dont believe the part about hiring a hitman. this was said by le and by no one else. why do you believe everything cops say?
quote from: psychonaut27 on february 21, 2014, 02:14:49 ami just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?dude youre a little late to the party on that.  its gone.
quote from: pillfirepharmacy on february 21, 2014, 03:20:42 amquote from: psychonaut27 on february 21, 2014, 02:14:49 ami just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?dude youre a little late to the party on that.  its gone. i got the pm 8 days ago xd
i just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?
the only way people will know the truth is if we all keep the hub honest. sr/defcom did indeed mislead sr2 users. then outright lied about a btc maleability.
i posted this in another thread on this subject but it belongs here too.we have proof that sr is a scam now.  we have the testimony of a bitcoin expert.  "only two scenarios exist, says andreas antonopoulos an engineer at bitcoin wallet service blockchain:  silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly, or they simply swindled their customers themselves."usually we just call it a scam and wait for the market to prove otherwise but this time we have the testimony of an expert witness that this is a scam.  so until sr can produce a more qualified expert to contradict mr. antonopoulos, then i think it is now ok for us to label this latest sr event as a scam at least until we get that contradictory expert testimony.
quoteinanna    vendor    sr. member    *****    posts: 386    karma: +55/-11    ??????ç??        view profilei have no opinion either way but a couple weeks before the hack it seemed like this place was falling apart and its future uncertain. whoever stole the coins would have waited if they thought they could get more coins at a later date.quote from: northwest nuggets on february 16, 2014, 02:06:07 amits possible that a hack or some other type of robbery did happen but it happened a while ago.  i have suspected for some time that sr didnt have all the bitcoins that were supposedly in peoples wallets and were using these "bugs" to "borrow" money from vendors when deposits were not enough to fund the withdrawls.  now that people are losing faith and leaving the site, deposits are much less than withdrawls and vendors are requiring customers to finalize early so they cant "borrow" the money anymore.  just an idea?
to be fair, that article is about 80% fud (bitcoins are "prosecution futures", you will be caught, etc) and 20% fact (blockchains andreas antonopoulos states clearly that sr2 either willing let someone steal the coins, or stole the coins themself). it is cnn after all.
i think we have found that hard evidence in the form of the testimony of an expert witness (andreas antonopoulos).http://money.cnn.com/2014/02/19/technology/security/bitcoin-black-market/quote silk roads new administrators said hackers exploited a bitcoin glitch to steal funds. but in the days since the attack, its become painfully clear that the bitcoin system isnt to blame. only two scenarios exist, says andreas antonopoulos an engineer at bitcoin wallet service blockchain: silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly, or they simply swindled their customers themselves.
only two scenarios exist, says andreas antonopoulos an engineer at bitcoin wallet service blockchain: silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly, or they simply swindled their customers themselves."here is the link to cnn article####clearnet warning!#####:    http://money.cnn.com/2014/02/19/technology/security/bitcoin-black-market/  ####clearnet warning!####
i have made over 3 bitcoins in total, agora rocks!
quote from: tacit1 on february 21, 2014, 09:24:52 pmi have made over 3 bitcoins in total, agora rocks!god damn thats alot im just creaping up on 1 btc now!!!!!
quote from: cuntdowntoban5 on february 11, 2014, 12:00:29 amwhat does everyone think about a temporary sr shutdown, for like a week or two or a month, something like that. a market without af or support is a bottomless pit for you to throw you bitcoins down.any other ideas for improvements welcome.feb 11th how did i know? lol[spam removed]
quote from: mycarneedstint on february 20, 2014, 11:18:34 pmare you on the sr payroll?didnt he just admit this in the op?
i am, he stated all his bitcoins were stolen as well.
mtgox has never been functional lol
i dont know alot of things but i read yesterday they are voting the owner off the board of bitcoins or something, only problem is this guy is a founding father of the bitcoin orgazation or whatver and they cant be removed so easy kinda like the president lol.... rumor has it he mioght step down, guy is crook i "hear"  i feel bad for the people losing money there
quote from: jolly roger on january 28, 2014, 04:50:17 pmquote from: flaxceed on january 28, 2014, 12:37:32 pmi was finally able to get on sr2.  agree- now that they have fixed a lot of the issues i retract the "massive fail" comment.  when i could not log in for days on end and could not get any help it was looking bleak.  things are definitely changing for the better on sr2!yeah, i have spoken to defcon about the site and he is aware of the problems. mainly though it is just they do not want to become like all the other hacked markets. sheep, bmr, tor market, flomarket, and more to come. even pandora was slightly compromised but the attacker only stole 1.2 btc. all of these markets are constantly under attempted attack, and when you are silk road 2.0, you do not want to lose anyones coins. there are likely a lot of bitcoins flowing through silk road 2.0 and any hack that could exploit their escrow wallets would likely be huge. therefore, making absolute certain that the system is near impossible to compromise is priority #1 and trumps all fancy features like resolutions centers and so forth. unfortunately, most people see through this and think that these security features should have been implemented upon it being developed. as you see though, with the other hacked markets, it is easy to make mistakes, and all it takes is one little exploit and somebody will find it and steal the bitcoins. one day people will look back on this and laugh.agora on the other hand, was written by a former bitcoin fog developer and since bitcoin fog is extremely solid, i am quite confident in that agora will be solid as well. i have viewed the website and the coding looks solid.very prophetic.... would be interested in your views as to the hack that allegedly got them...
ok thanks, but when i can place orders in sr and put bitcoins in the account? because the bitcoins that i had before attack in escrow, stays in pending balance, and yesterday i sent 0001 for make a test, and is pending confirmation too, but not in pending balances yet. when this problem be fix it?then, using bitcoinfog for example, i can put bitcoins in my sr account safely, and place orders with the same way of always? and if is yes, when this may be possible?thanks a lot!
hello. i have another question about the reopened of sr, and this is about sr account too. in deposit adresses, above the adresses, we can read this text:mix all coins which ever touch silk road. without mixing you are completely vulnerable to blockchain analysis, and the potential disclosure of your identity. we have basic internal mixing implemented, but if silk road is ever compromised, you will not be safe. do not rely on one single point of failure - we strongly recommend that you use a bitcoin mixing service. if you are unfamiliar with mixing services, we encourage you to browse silk roads community forums for recommendations.what it mean this? i dont know nothing about that really, is a payment method, or what is it?if somebody can explain me this, and how works to use it to put by a secure way bitcoins in sr (i think that is something like that), of another way, but i wanna know what is it, and if is required to place orders and pay with bitcoins in sr safely, how works like i said. if is another thing, please tell me too. its a important information to know.thanks!
wow thanks! that was a great post i would never of thought to do that!if i ever have an amount of coin that would be worth stealing ill do this lol
good stuff, you should be very weary of cruising the darknet on what is essentially a homing device.
i am new to all this encryption business and need tips to learn a bit.i managed to create a pgp key alright, but when using safe-mail i cant find an option to encrypt/decrypt with that.also, i tried to set up a thunderbird with safe-mail, but it just tells me there is a problem with eithermy password or username, both are correct.are there any other options for me to use pgp encryption?i want things to get rolling, but in a safe way, to purchace some lucy. its been a long time and i really miss her.thanks for any help.roh and i use ubuntu linux if that makes it easier to help me.oh and 2:how does one encrypt a pm here on tmg?
i cant believe anyone is actually putting money into the site. the net is closing in and soon as the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut up shop and run for the hill with whatever money is tied up in the site at the time. tick.tock.
deepdotweb have relegated sr to the scam list. respected bitcoin engineers have called it a scam. at least 90% of darkmarket community agrees its a scamwhy does the hub continue to infer legitimacy of an obvious conjob by keeping the sr subforum up??especially since you claim you are trying to shake the stink of sr off yourselves...
quote from: defcon on february 15, 2014, 11:06:44 pm1. i live a very busy and complicated life. i take opsec to extreme levels which consume many of my hours per day. any time you see me here, it means i have completed a checklist which requires over an hour of preparation for me to reposition and reconfigure many things to ensure i leave the most minimal trail possible and can "safely" connect to this place. this job will never be safe, and it is impossible to be perfectly covert. i know what i am facing, both from le and from vendors who do not share my opinions of non-violence.2. all released announcements were my true plans, and all delays were due to unanticipated external factors upon which i cannot elaborate. my staff has been very frustrated at my lack of ability to keep the dev team on time. again, this is completely my fault and something for which i take complete responsibility. i do not trust any developers, so i meticulously review anything the dev team sends to me. many have criticized me for this, and i listened to them. had i reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix to speed up slow withdrawals last month, transaction malleability would not have affected us at all. this is completely my fault for listening to critics instead of my own sense of caution.3. the public has known that auto-finalize has been disabled for a long time, and has known that the escrow balance is massive.4. any smart person could deduce that re-enabling of auto-finalize requires me to move a vast sum from cold storage to the hot storage wallet to ensure adequate fund availability (which admittedly was too large and one of my biggest failures this month). the attack was surgical and timed perfectly.the reason such a high quantity of coins was stolen was because we were preparing to implement auto-finalization and had therefore moved a huge volume from the cold storage to the hot storage to ensure the coins from all auto-finalized orders could be withdrawn without a hitch.here are as many details on the attack as i can provide. i am still investigating, and do not want to leak anything which could compromise any other markets. transparency in this issue is key, however, you deserve as granular an explanation as possible as to why this happened.sr2 attack investigation results as of feb 151. when withdrawal delays were happening last month, we wrote a custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries a reference, and built it on a shared infrastructure to load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation if ever one server was compromised.2. as this implementation was being written by behind-the-scenes dev staff, a lynch mob was getting exponentially worse in the forums. our moderator staff became more and more insistent that it was crucial to fix this problem immediately, relaying to me many concerns, and threats, from the community.3. we cut a corner, deciding to watch transactions. many community members were reporting missing withdrawals, weeks after sending them. we implemented a liberal check to the "refresh deposit balances" link on the account page - in essence, we allowed it to search deeply for any missing coins, rescanning and rescanning. one of our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. our thoughts were that if the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach to find missing coins, it must be commonplace. (i received her/his permission to publish this.)4. the transaction malleability bug was published last week at a time when i was disconnected from the internet for an extended period for opsec reasons. i did not become aware of the threat until the attack was already occurring. this was a failure on my part to trust more staff with critical access to stop withdrawals. the people who did have access to disable withdrawals were terrified of doing it without my permission, due to how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. they knew if they disabled withdrawals, then re-enabled them, there would be a run on the bank and i would need to be online to deposit cold storage into hot storage. in effect, this was my failure to emphasize to staff that it is always okay to lean on the side of caution and hit killswitches as they deem necessary. it was also my failure to communicate expectations to the community that sometimes killswitches will have to be hit, and it just means were playing it safe. this month it is clear we did not play it safe. killswitches are pointless if the only person confident enough to hit them is the boss.5. the attacker used an account first registered in early jan to try exploiting the vulnerability. looking back at the accounts history indicates that this account has been used to pentest many aspects of our system unsuccessfully. every previous attempt to find an attack vector failed, due to hardening done by our penetration testing team. i had previously seen these attempts in the logs as something to celebrate: "look, our hardening is working, this hacker would have won, but we put security over features!" - several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts, but that is pointless in our business as anyone can simply re-register.6. we are still unclear as to the exact approach used to cause our servers perception of transactions to mismatch with reality, because we have largely been focusing on preparing for relaunch and building communication to share with you, the community, over the past day. to the best of our understanding, the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts of bitcoins, and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos of similar transactions. 7. our system reflected his withdrawals, and his account showed as zero.8. the attacker rapidly clicked "refresh deposits" link until our code assumed that the transaction failed (all indications point to malleability as the root case). our system re-credited his account with the x btc it judged "unsuccessfully" withdrawn. this, again, due to the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month (see point 3).9. in reality, our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. as a result our system inaccurately represented the users balance as larger than it truly was. this allowed the attacker to withdraw coins again.10. the attacker began depositing larger amounts, such as 50 btc at a time, in order to exploit the vulnerability quickly.11. they then drained our entire hot storage in one bitcoin server shard, and tried the attack from one of their other accounts. the other account was on a different shard, and allowed that hot storage to be drained.12. the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all of our hot storage shards were drained.due to the type of vulnerability, our accounting system had an inaccurate perception of bitcoins on hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. this was a failure on our part to build a new server alert to check each shard of the new shared bitcoin infrastructure, and another symptom of how rushed we were when implementing the new system during a forum lynch-mob about slow withdrawals.lessons learned so far:1.  more staff should have access to killswitches and should not be afraid to use them. even if its just because of some news post about on clearnet about some "transaction malleability" thing. killswitches should be used liberally and regularly.2. a community needs to be comfortable with regular downtime - especially during periods when community safety and the safety of its money could be threatened. a good staff will be responsibly paranoid and hitting killswitches as they deem necessary, and should not be afraid of their community panicking each time precaution is exercised.3. there’s more to web security than rigorous penetration testing. it also requires the constant review of external services, systems and infrastructures.4. never make assumptions when implementing protocols you did not design. had we not trusted mtgoxs staff procedures, we would have reviewed our approaches with much more rigor. just because a large companys procedures are successful does not make them are safe.5. accept that your community will hate you regardless. in the darknet, you will be crucified by your community if anything ever goes wrong. psychologically prepare for everyone to hate you, because you inevitably will fail at something, and you will need to stay determined no matter what. dont let it get to your head, and dont let it affect your rigor with security. we cut corners with our deposit/withdrawal speed optimizations because we were afraid of the lynch-mob. we were foolish in this regard. we should have taken the entire site offline for as long as it took to implement a high-volume fault-tolerant bitcoin server in a well-tested, rigorous manner. this cost us an unspeakable amount of trust that we had slaved to build, some of us for years.this is where were at, with as much transparency as this medium allows:the worst that could happen did not happen.the worst thing that could happen for our communitys finances, however, did.we hate that it occurred under our watch.there is nothing we can do to change this. all we can do is be transparent about where we are at, and move forward.to those who will respond here for dramatic effect, please consider contributing your energy to the reconstruction of our community. if you cannot bring yourself to do this, then please take your negativity elsewhere. this is simple. if you have lost faith in silk road, i dont blame you in the least. i also do not want to read about it in perpetuity.trolling is easy. trolling during a disaster is cowardice. choosing to strengthen rather than troll, when trolling is the popular move - thats noble. i know that i speak for all silk road staff, seen and unseen, when i speak these words: we are going nowhere. we will remain, rebuild, and move forward toward the greater goal for which we strive by our running of this marketplace: personal freedom and foundational human rights.silk road will always rise again.code: [select]-----begin pgp signed message-----hash: sha512i am deeply thankful for the hundreds of supportive messages ive received. i am consistently blown away by how the core of this community come together in times of strife.. to the multitude of you who lost faith in silk road, i still am glad ive heard your words.i am still devastated that i have failed you. and even i have fallen victim to this attack – the majority of my personal earnings are completely gone. my life is not in danger though, and my identity is still protected – i’m thankful for this.so now, it’s time to share with you our plan to move forward.i realize you have no way of knowing whether im telling the truth, on anything. trying to communicate the authenticity of my true character on the darknet is difficult to say the least, and i do not expect any of you to take me at my word. but my actions over the next few weeks will speak louder than words ever could, and if you stick around you’ll realize this.silk road is not deadwe are here to stay, and for the most part, i believe our values are the same as yours – the community’s. and even though i represent the latest idiot to make a security mistake, i am unlike those who simply give in, and am determined to use lessons learned to fight for this communitys long term security.im focusing on multi-signature transactions as our only safe trading mechanism long term. additionally, i am ready and willing to collaborate with other darknet administrators and utilize our talented penetration testing team to help them to regularly audit their security.and although the tinfoil club will probably hate this and continue to tear me to shreds without regard for my actions in december, and whether you choose to believe them or not, here are the facts:1. i live a very busy and complicated life. i take opsec to extreme levels which consume many of my hours per day. any time you see me here, it means i have completed a checklist which requires over an hour of preparation for me to reposition and reconfigure many things to ensure i leave the most minimal trail possible and can "safely" connect to this place. this job will never be safe, and it is impossible to be perfectly covert. i know what i am facing, both from le and from vendors who do not share my opinions of non-violence.2. all released announcements were my true plans, and all delays were due to unanticipated external factors upon which i cannot elaborate. my staff has been very frustrated at my lack of ability to keep the dev team on time. again, this is completely my fault and something for which i take complete responsibility. i do not trust any developers, so i meticulously review anything the dev team sends to me. many have criticized me for this, and i listened to them. had i reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix to speed up slow withdrawals last month, transaction malleability would not have affected us at all. this is completely my fault for listening to critics instead of my own sense of caution.3. the public has known that auto-finalize has been disabled for a long time, and has known that the escrow balance is massive.4. any smart person could deduce that re-enabling of auto-finalize requires me to move a vast sum from cold storage to the hot storage wallet to ensure adequate fund availability (which admittedly was too large and one of my biggest failures this month). the attack was surgical and timed perfectly.the reason such a high quantity of coins was stolen was because we were preparing to implement auto-finalization and had therefore moved a huge volume from the cold storage to the hot storage to ensure the coins from all auto-finalized orders could be withdrawn without a hitch.here are as many details on the attack as i can provide. i am still investigating, and do not want to leak anything which could compromise any other markets. transparency in this issue is key, however, you deserve as granular an explanation as possible as to why this happened.sr2 attack investigation results as of feb 151. when withdrawal delays were happening last month, we wrote a custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries a reference, and built it on a shared infrastructure to load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation if ever one server was compromised.2. as this implementation was being written by behind-the-scenes dev staff, a lynch mob was getting exponentially worse in the forums. our moderator staff became more and more insistent that it was crucial to fix this problem immediately, relaying to me many concerns, and threats, from the community.3. we cut a corner, deciding to watch transactions. many community members were reporting missing withdrawals, weeks after sending them. we implemented a liberal check to the "refresh deposit balances" link on the account page - in essence, we allowed it to search deeply for any missing coins, rescanning and rescanning. one of our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. our thoughts were that if the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach to find missing coins, it must be commonplace. (i received her/his permission to publish this.)4. the transaction malleability bug was published last week at a time when i was disconnected from the internet for an extended period for opsec reasons. i did not become aware of the threat until the attack was already occurring. this was a failure on my part to trust more staff with critical access to stop withdrawals. the people who did have access to disable withdrawals were terrified of doing it without my permission, due to how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. they knew if they disabled withdrawals, then re-enabled them, there would be a run on the bank and i would need to be online to deposit cold storage into hot storage. in effect, this was my failure to emphasize to staff that it is always okay to lean on the side of caution and hit killswitches as they deem necessary. it was also my failure to communicate expectations to the community that sometimes killswitches will have to be hit, and it just means were playing it safe. this month it is clear we did not play it safe. killswitches are pointless if the only person confident enough to hit them is the boss.5. the attacker used an account first registered in early jan to try exploiting the vulnerability. looking back at the accounts history indicates that this account has been used to pentest many aspects of our system unsuccessfully. every previous attempt to find an attack vector failed, due to hardening done by our penetration testing team. i had previously seen these attempts in the logs as something to celebrate: "look, our hardening is working, this hacker would have won, but we put security over features!" - several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts, but that is pointless in our business as anyone can simply re-register.6. we are still unclear as to the exact approach used to cause our servers perception of transactions to mismatch with reality, because we have largely been focusing on preparing for relaunch and building communication to share with you, the community, over the past day. to the best of our understanding, the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts of bitcoins, and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos of similar transactions.7. our system reflected his withdrawals, and his account showed as zero.8. the attacker rapidly clicked "refresh deposits" link until our code assumed that the transaction failed (all indications point to malleability as the root case). our system re-credited his account with the x btc it judged "unsuccessfully" withdrawn. this, again, due to the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month (see point 3).9. in reality, our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. as a result our system inaccurately represented the users balance as larger than it truly was. this allowed the attacker to withdraw coins again.10. the attacker began depositing larger amounts, such as 50 btc at a time, in order to exploit the vulnerability quickly.11. they then drained our entire hot storage in one bitcoin server shard, and tried the attack from one of their other accounts. the other account was on a different shard, and allowed that hot storage to be drained.12. the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all of our hot storage shards were drained.due to the type of vulnerability, our accounting system had an inaccurate perception of bitcoins on hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. this was a failure on our part to build a new server alert to check each shard of the new shared bitcoin infrastructure, and another symptom of how rushed we were when implementing the new system during a forum lynch-mob about slow withdrawals.[/quote]
right.not calling a scam a scam is not neutrality. it is willful bias.look folks, there are only 2 options when it comes to sr2 whether you think that sr2 stole money from users or not.1. scamming thieves.2. incompetent fools unable to protect user funds.that is it. choose one. the right thing to do would be to encourage buyers and sellers to utilize other, more deserving markets. sr2 has the least credibility out of any market currently in business.
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:49:55 pmquote from: tyrone on february 21, 2014, 10:32:17 am2. incompetent fools unable to protect user funds.ill prefix what im about to say with: i hate sounding like im defending sr. im not. i am trying to get provoke more than a half-thought out of you people.if you call them incompetent fools unable to protect user funds, you are calling a lot of site owners this. ulbricht, the people who ran bitmit, and even backopy who ran what a lot of people call the best run marketplace in history. i dont see your market that is an impenetrable fortress. wheres it at?i know sr is probably a bunch of thieving cunts and all the shit talk is deserved, but a little bit of wisdom that i learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct is if the thought process leading to the correct conclusion is flawed or not. if its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came to the correct conclusion.i dont want to be seen picking a fight because i notice that we are almost always on the same page, but this is a non sequitur. i dont deny that i cannot code a site. but let me put it a different way.let us say there is a doctor, let us call him doctor death (there have been many of these in many countries) and i criticize this fellow for the high body count of his patients. you retort that i havent performed any brain surgery. then you tell me to come back when i perform a successful lobotomy.put that way, isnt it nonsensical?
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  until proof is provided that all the coins have been repaid and a plausable explanation given on why no support was available for months and how the coins actually disappeared. sr will forever be known as a scam or le honeypot site. sr should be avoided like the plague!! danger! danger will robinson!
quote from: mycarneedstint on february 21, 2014, 01:58:27 amwhere are the coins going? did captianwhitebeard get his cut?lol.. considering his recent posts, i would have to say yes, he got his cut.
where are the coins going? did captianwhitebeard get his cut?
very glad to see some like-minded folks around here.   im currently organizing a "multisig club" similar to pines legendary pgp club on sr1, and urge anyone whod like to toss a few bitcents back and forth to swing by the security section and chime in.http://e26rc2tpqcfipmob.onion/index.php?topic=167.0
not bothing with this anymore. upon reading android wont be enough!
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 11:41:28 am$50 says cwb voted for obama.im british mate, so no.
i just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?
quote from: pillfirepharmacy on february 21, 2014, 03:20:42 amquote from: psychonaut27 on february 21, 2014, 02:14:49 ami just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?dude youre a little late to the party on that.  its gone. i got the pm 8 days ago xd
quote from: psychonaut27 on february 21, 2014, 02:14:49 ami just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?dude youre a little late to the party on that.  its gone.
so llama socks your only defence against the avalanche of evidence against defcon is his own word. the word of an anonymous pseudonym you had no idea existed 3 months ago?solid
quote from: poopoo on february 21, 2014, 09:50:15 ami cant believe anyone is actually putting money into the site. the net is closing in and soon as the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut up shop and run for the hill with whatever money is tied up in the site at the time. tick.tock.                                           +1
after reading that cnn article, i remembered people reporting odd withdrawals before the site went down. what was odd is the coins were being withdrawn before there were any confirmations on blockchain. in order for this to happen the attacker would need the users private keys. remember sr has static deposit addresses. im no expert with bitcoins, but wouldnt this suggest its an inside job or at the very least the hacker has everyones private keys?
centralized marketplaces are dead.  at this point in the evolution of deepweb marketplaces, decentralization is the only logical next step.  many kudos to sites such as this that are beginning to move in this direction, i applaud you.  there is no better example proving why multisig is so important than the recent events at silk road. our community would be $5 million (or whatever the new number people are tossing about is) richer if we wouldve adopted this technology earlier.one of the most important elements of a decentralized market is a way to make safe, simple, trustless transactions.  enter multisig.  previously, this technology was rather difficult for your average user to wrap their head around - requiring using command line to create and handle these transactions.  fortunately for us, the demand is there, and simplified web uis are now popping up to make this process significantly easier.so what is multisig?  long story short, its a way to eliminate having one centralized wallet holding all the coins, while still maintaining the benefits of a third party arbitrating.  the huge advantage in comparison to the escrow were all used to is that the arbitrator cannot single-handedly decide the fate of the coins - making situations like what happened w/ not only the hackers, but also shutdown by le impossible.  multiple parties hold the keys to the transaction, and without coming to agreement the coins cant be moved (read: seized/stolen).  heres a simplified example of how a "2-of-3" transaction, which would be the most suitable for our purposes, would work on a site like bitrated.  this would differ slightly on other sites, but the basic premise remains the same.1) seller creates transaction, and sends the link to buyer w/ the stipulations of what is to occur should there be a dispute.2) buyer accepts transaction, and then both parties are presented w/ the multisignature transaction page.3) buyer deposits bitcoins to the address generated, where the coins are held until two of the three involved (buyer, seller, and arbitrator) sign w/ their private key.  basically the arbitrator is just a "tie-breaker" should the buyer/seller not be able to come to an agreement on who gets the money.  at this point you can also deifne what portion goes to what addresses if its an agreement that isnt 100% refund, or if the arbitrator has fees for disputes (feature only available on bitrated).4) if buyer is satisfied, they sign the transaction.  their sig alongside the sellers releases the funds to the seller.5) if buyer is unsatisfied, a dispute is made and sent to the arbitrator, who makes the final decision based on evidence provided and the agreed upon terms linked to the transaction.so where do i start?  there are currently two websites ive found which offer a simplified service which doesnt require using console/command line.  unfortunately neither of them are ideal for our purposes yet, but undoubtedly in the very near future there will be more advances in the technology - namely multisig being built into the gui of popular wallet services.  ill compare/contrast the two below, and if you know of others please let me know!***bitrated***https://www.bitrated.com+ the most full-featured multisig site w/ clear, easy-to-follow instructions and fairly comprehensive documentation.+ there is a clear text field for seller to list the terms before sending to buyer.+ arbitrator is not needed in any way should transaction not go into dispute.+ buyer/seller are given a url containing their public key, which is all that needs to be held onto to complete the transaction.+ supports client-side key generation.+/- arbitrators have a username which they can easily link buyers/sellers to, and either can begin the transaction.  in the future this username will have trust ratings similar to lbtc.- both buyer and seller must be online simultaneously to initiate the transaction.  this is by far the biggest issue, and if it werent for this there would be no reason to use the other services.- using this w/o an arbitrator who has set up an account using a client-side public key (instead of a private key generated on the website) is a big security issue when conducting the transaction over tor.- lacks end-to-end encryption during the initiation step when data must be sent between users. see bug report >>> https://github.com/shesek/bitrated/issues/1***coinb.in***https://coinb.in/multisig/+ supports client-side key generation.+ allows types of multisig other than 2-of-3 (cant see many situations this would be helpful for us in though).+ buyer/seller do not need to be online simultaneously.+ any of the parties involved can create the transaction.+/- barebones ui+/- no need for arbitrator or users to start an account.- not very user friendly, and very little support documentation.- no support for sending percentages of transactions without creating multiple receiving addresses, and complicating the matter in the process.what i propose is a multisig club of similar fashion to pines legendary pgp club on sr1.  due to the numerous options available and need for coordination, we will have to work out a separate system for doing test transactions on each site.  im currently going over the possible methods for organizing this.  for the time being im just looking to see who would be interested in tossing a few bitcents back and fourth, as well as get some discussion going about the current/future options for multisig.  i would prefer to arbitrate transactions myself, but can also act as the buyer or seller simultanously to get a better feel for how both sides of these systems work.welcome to the club!
sexywax approved.
services like bitcoinfog mix your coins with other coins. you see btc has a trail so to speak in the blockchain. and you want to fog this trail as much as possible just in case. you dont want to buy btc with your bank account and it end up linking you too sr.sr used to have a mixing service when your coins were deposited, but it no longer does.
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 11:41:28 am$50 says cwb voted for obama.im british mate, so no.
so llama socks your only defence against the avalanche of evidence against defcon is his own word. the word of an anonymous pseudonym you had no idea existed 3 months ago?solid
quote from: poopoo on february 21, 2014, 09:50:15 ami cant believe anyone is actually putting money into the site. the net is closing in and soon as the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut up shop and run for the hill with whatever money is tied up in the site at the time. tick.tock.                                           +1
quote from: mycarneedstint on february 21, 2014, 02:01:16 amsr is not and never will be safe. not ever again and never really was. stay away from the sr forums!!try and stop me
quote from: llama socks on february 21, 2014, 04:28:12 pmyou can put coins into sr and make an order, but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust.exactly
i just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?
quote from: pillfirepharmacy on february 21, 2014, 03:20:42 amquote from: psychonaut27 on february 21, 2014, 02:14:49 ami just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?dude youre a little late to the party on that.  its gone. i got the pm 8 days ago xd
quote from: psychonaut27 on february 21, 2014, 02:14:49 ami just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?dude youre a little late to the party on that.  its gone.
wow thanks! that was a great post i would never of thought to do that!if i ever have an amount of coin that would be worth stealing ill do this lol
quote from: jolly roger on january 28, 2014, 04:50:17 pmquote from: flaxceed on january 28, 2014, 12:37:32 pmi was finally able to get on sr2.  agree- now that they have fixed a lot of the issues i retract the "massive fail" comment.  when i could not log in for days on end and could not get any help it was looking bleak.  things are definitely changing for the better on sr2!yeah, i have spoken to defcon about the site and he is aware of the problems. mainly though it is just they do not want to become like all the other hacked markets. sheep, bmr, tor market, flomarket, and more to come. even pandora was slightly compromised but the attacker only stole 1.2 btc. all of these markets are constantly under attempted attack, and when you are silk road 2.0, you do not want to lose anyones coins. there are likely a lot of bitcoins flowing through silk road 2.0 and any hack that could exploit their escrow wallets would likely be huge. therefore, making absolute certain that the system is near impossible to compromise is priority #1 and trumps all fancy features like resolutions centers and so forth. unfortunately, most people see through this and think that these security features should have been implemented upon it being developed. as you see though, with the other hacked markets, it is easy to make mistakes, and all it takes is one little exploit and somebody will find it and steal the bitcoins. one day people will look back on this and laugh.agora on the other hand, was written by a former bitcoin fog developer and since bitcoin fog is extremely solid, i am quite confident in that agora will be solid as well. i have viewed the website and the coding looks solid.very prophetic.... would be interested in your views as to the hack that allegedly got them...
i am new to all this encryption business and need tips to learn a bit.i managed to create a pgp key alright, but when using safe-mail i cant find an option to encrypt/decrypt with that.also, i tried to set up a thunderbird with safe-mail, but it just tells me there is a problem with eithermy password or username, both are correct.are there any other options for me to use pgp encryption?i want things to get rolling, but in a safe way, to purchace some lucy. its been a long time and i really miss her.thanks for any help.roh and i use ubuntu linux if that makes it easier to help me.oh and 2:how does one encrypt a pm here on tmg?
right.not calling a scam a scam is not neutrality. it is willful bias.look folks, there are only 2 options when it comes to sr2 whether you think that sr2 stole money from users or not.1. scamming thieves.2. incompetent fools unable to protect user funds.that is it. choose one. the right thing to do would be to encourage buyers and sellers to utilize other, more deserving markets. sr2 has the least credibility out of any market currently in business.
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:49:55 pmquote from: tyrone on february 21, 2014, 10:32:17 am2. incompetent fools unable to protect user funds.ill prefix what im about to say with: i hate sounding like im defending sr. im not. i am trying to get provoke more than a half-thought out of you people.if you call them incompetent fools unable to protect user funds, you are calling a lot of site owners this. ulbricht, the people who ran bitmit, and even backopy who ran what a lot of people call the best run marketplace in history. i dont see your market that is an impenetrable fortress. wheres it at?i know sr is probably a bunch of thieving cunts and all the shit talk is deserved, but a little bit of wisdom that i learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct is if the thought process leading to the correct conclusion is flawed or not. if its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came to the correct conclusion.i dont want to be seen picking a fight because i notice that we are almost always on the same page, but this is a non sequitur. i dont deny that i cannot code a site. but let me put it a different way.let us say there is a doctor, let us call him doctor death (there have been many of these in many countries) and i criticize this fellow for the high body count of his patients. you retort that i havent performed any brain surgery. then you tell me to come back when i perform a successful lobotomy.put that way, isnt it nonsensical?
sr is not and never will be safe. not ever again and never really was. stay away from the sr forums!!
quote from: pothead on february 20, 2014, 11:01:56 pmsite should be closed until coins are repaidhahah yeah right+1. so basically the site should be closed forever. the coins will never be repaid. we all know that.
quote from: mycarneedstint on february 21, 2014, 01:58:27 amwhere are the coins going? did captianwhitebeard get his cut?lol.. considering his recent posts, i would have to say yes, he got his cut.
where are the coins going? did captianwhitebeard get his cut?
howdy,if you are looking for a free vendor account, you can come to blackbank.  however, with the advent of recent questionable vendors, that will be changing shortly.  if you are interested in joining, feel free to do so beforehand.there will also be a vendor application fee waiver for vendors with 20+ rating from reputable marketplaces in an upcoming update.cheers.
i am, he stated all his bitcoins were stolen as well.
mtgox has never been functional lol
to be fair, that article is about 80% fud (bitcoins are "prosecution futures", you will be caught, etc) and 20% fact (blockchains andreas antonopoulos states clearly that sr2 either willing let someone steal the coins, or stole the coins themself). it is cnn after all.
i think we have found that hard evidence in the form of the testimony of an expert witness (andreas antonopoulos).http://money.cnn.com/2014/02/19/technology/security/bitcoin-black-market/quote silk roads new administrators said hackers exploited a bitcoin glitch to steal funds. but in the days since the attack, its become painfully clear that the bitcoin system isnt to blame. only two scenarios exist, says andreas antonopoulos an engineer at bitcoin wallet service blockchain: silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly, or they simply swindled their customers themselves.
quoteinanna    vendor    sr. member    *****    posts: 386    karma: +55/-11    ??????ç??        view profilei have no opinion either way but a couple weeks before the hack it seemed like this place was falling apart and its future uncertain. whoever stole the coins would have waited if they thought they could get more coins at a later date.quote from: northwest nuggets on february 16, 2014, 02:06:07 amits possible that a hack or some other type of robbery did happen but it happened a while ago.  i have suspected for some time that sr didnt have all the bitcoins that were supposedly in peoples wallets and were using these "bugs" to "borrow" money from vendors when deposits were not enough to fund the withdrawls.  now that people are losing faith and leaving the site, deposits are much less than withdrawls and vendors are requiring customers to finalize early so they cant "borrow" the money anymore.  just an idea?
i posted this in another thread on this subject but it belongs here too.we have proof that sr is a scam now.  we have the testimony of a bitcoin expert.  "only two scenarios exist, says andreas antonopoulos an engineer at bitcoin wallet service blockchain:  silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly, or they simply swindled their customers themselves."usually we just call it a scam and wait for the market to prove otherwise but this time we have the testimony of an expert witness that this is a scam.  so until sr can produce a more qualified expert to contradict mr. antonopoulos, then i think it is now ok for us to label this latest sr event as a scam at least until we get that contradictory expert testimony.
ok i know the basics. mtgox got hacked or had some issue (i dont give a crap about the conspiracy theorys) and have now shut down withdrawls. what i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?
i never trusted gox from day 1. they are shifty just like the teenagers than ran bitinstant. i understand that they have made some soft announcements that they plan on giving people their money sometime  and as the link cwb gave their is a metric shit ton of speculation. i do not trust gox at all but putting in usd to make a profit at this point would simply be a gamble like any other. and i personally think they will give the money back. just based on how catastrophic it would be if they didnt. and the fact they have claimed to have all the coins. and not giving them back at this point would make them look very very bad.i have an account pending verification.
quote from: pothead on february 21, 2014, 03:10:25 pmstay away even $1 for a bitcoin bought there isnt worth it.gox offers bitcoin at $1 and ijizzinmy pants
good stuff, you should be very weary of cruising the darknet on what is essentially a homing device.
does anyone know if these people are legit? has anyone bought from them? i emailed them about a product and they gave me a link to their stocklist. that was a couple days ago. now their website is down. i am emailing them about buying a product and i asked them about the website and they said that the server the website was hosted on was hacked and wiped. should i trust them? could their email be compromised too?
$50 says cwb voted for obama.
quote from: xsposer on february 20, 2014, 07:34:28 pmthis sounds just like what the sheep market admin did for all their vocal forum members before they stole everything. just ask jack n hoff, he backed sheep market until the very last day. why? because unlike everyone else, they let him withdraw a limited amount of funds, so he would publicly called bs on any scam talk.... so does this captainwhitebeard post sound familiar?  i almost believed that everybody else was making it all up about not getting withdrawls because i trusted jack and he would say "i just withdrew $x00,000" every time somebody would say their withdrawls were not working.
i mean just imagine the consequences for the community if a market is allowed to take your money and that isnt called a scam even in the face of evidence that would stand up in court like the testimony of an expert witness.  this means that a market can just take our money any time they want and even if we have evidence, we will just keep right on using it.
quote from: tyrone on february 21, 2014, 10:32:17 am2. incompetent fools unable to protect user funds.ill prefix what im about to say with: i hate sounding like im defending sr. im not. i am trying to get provoke more than a half-thought out of you people.if you call them incompetent fools unable to protect user funds, you are calling a lot of site owners this. ulbricht, the people who ran bitmit, and even backopy who ran what a lot of people call the best run marketplace in history. i dont see your market that is an impenetrable fortress. wheres it at?i know sr is probably a bunch of thieving cunts and all the shit talk is deserved, but a little bit of wisdom that i learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct is if the thought process leading to the correct conclusion is flawed or not. if its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came to the correct conclusion.
apples to oranges. i dont fight with people on the internet - thats gay - but i do enjoy an honest conversation even if we have opposing opinions.from what i see, the reason you said if they were hacked it was because they were too incompetent to secure the funds is.. you dont want to offer an option where they are not assholes. and of course a sound argument shouldnt offer such an option.but. there is a lot of marketplaces that have been hacked despite the admins intentions or technical knowledge or security capabilities. the fact of the matter is its really freakin hard to completely secure a million dollars worth of coins that are sitting in one spot on the internet. so either evey market admin to date is incompetent, or it is impossible (or nearly impossible) to secure bitcoins on the darknet. which option sounds more true.to follow your analogy, if 20 different doctors preform lobotomys and 17 of them kill the patient. is the 17th doctor to do so incompetent?my opinion on the matter is. sr2 is super gay to begin with. at this point they either pay people back or dont. in a few months we can decide if they are scammers or not. i know how angry people get when their money is lost, but claiming they are lying is nothing more than a claim right now. it wouldnt be the first time a market was hacked.all that being said, i dont like sr. i dont think anyone should use it.its a place for children to get high. if you are a child and what to get high, go to the road. if not. there are 10x better places.
well they deserve a chance to respond to the blockchain guy but if they dont come up with an expert that contradicts him pretty soon then it should be labelled a scam.  if this market were called "sheep" instead of "silk road" then we would have called it a scam days ago.  now that we have a bitcoin expert saying that is has to be some type of scam, they must  contradict this with their own expert or be labelled a scam.
i agree with you nw nuggets.my sr wallet was emptied. i had nothing in escrow and two finalized orders.i do not feel my sr wallet is safe at all. i do not feel any market wallet is safe.i wish i could tell people that it is safe. but lets be realistic. i know we all have a choice and hopefully understand the risks and right now they seem like pretty fin great risks to me.
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 02:50:51 pmi have an account pending verification.their track record of actually following through and verifying account holders even though theyve had relevant documents is pretty poor and i suspect that right now, their customer service people are probably focussed on other things.i would strongly recommend you do nothing till your account is verified, if you do youll be doubling your risk...quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 02:50:51 pmand i personally think they will give the money back. just based on how catastrophic it would be if they didnt. and the fact they have claimed to have all the coins. and not giving them back at this point would make them look very very bad.theyve been making themselves look bad on a regular basis for as long as ive been into bitcoin, do you think any of that bothers mark karpeles? hes got a track record for saying "fuck you if you dont like it" to his customers, why should this situation be any different?
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmwhat i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?the only thing we have to go on are goxs statements now and goxs track record in the past.their track record is appalling, theyve fucked up too many times for many people to trust them.  their statements so far on this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence in technology and pr.will they re-open btc withdrawals again? your guess is as good as mine, this ultimately depends on whether it is, as a business, solvent. have they been scammed / hacked? or are they in turn, scamming us? theres alot of speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds of cheap btc from gox customers, transferring them to other exchanges and selling, rinse, repeat, make millions of dollars.if you have usd already on gox theres some speculation that holding fiat on gox is better than holding btc if they are indeed insolvent. japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions if they fuck around too badly.if youre thinking of transferring usd into gox, dont do it unless youve got an account theyve already "verified" with photo id / utility bills etc because youll never be able to get anything back otherwise.if you already have a verified account, then by all means transfer some cash in. you could make 4x your money, or more, if you are able to transfer the btc out to another exchange at some point in the future.you could lose it all if it turns out gox is insolvent / scammed / hacked / scamming.how much do you trust gox?keep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.(in true dirty harry style)do you feel lucky, punk?
hi there,just started using agora. havent ordered, but have deposited a tiny amount of btc, just as a test.ive been looking on agoras forum and there are several complaints about deposits not showing up, one person even complaining that he looked on the blockchain and saw his deposit to his agora wallet sent to another address (internal tumbling?), but never showing up in his agora wallet.in addition, these people are complaining of zero response from agora support.anyone had any similar experiences?edit: im not trying to diss agora: it actually looks like a very well run marketplace, im just exercising "due diligence" before i jump in and make a purchase.
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  until proof is provided that all the coins have been repaid and a plausable explanation given on why no support was available for months and how the coins actually disappeared. sr will forever be known as a scam or le honeypot site. sr should be avoided like the plague!! danger! danger will robinson!
quote from: trolltergeist on february 21, 2014, 07:40:44 amsr will consistently rape there customer base. we all know sr was not hacked. most of us know and some just do not want to believe. idiots.doesnt matter who took what at this point.its how much trust someone is willing to put into what is being said by admins.and fuck if that isnt totally up to personal interpretation but as ive learned, most of the "new members" on sr are not too good at interpreting things.
thats only accurate for one type of standarized transaction. you can assign outputs to all sorts of different things that dont just require proof of ownership of a private key whose public keys hash corresponds to a certain value. of course, good luck getting your wierdo transaction into the blockchain.
quote from: pothead on february 20, 2014, 11:01:56 pmsite should be closed until coins are repaidhahah yeah right+1. so basically the site should be closed forever. the coins will never be repaid. we all know that.
sr is not and never will be safe. not ever again and never really was. stay away from the sr forums!!
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:49:55 pmquote from: tyrone on february 21, 2014, 10:32:17 am2. incompetent fools unable to protect user funds.ill prefix what im about to say with: i hate sounding like im defending sr. im not. i am trying to get provoke more than a half-thought out of you people.if you call them incompetent fools unable to protect user funds, you are calling a lot of site owners this. ulbricht, the people who ran bitmit, and even backopy who ran what a lot of people call the best run marketplace in history. i dont see your market that is an impenetrable fortress. wheres it at?i know sr is probably a bunch of thieving cunts and all the shit talk is deserved, but a little bit of wisdom that i learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct is if the thought process leading to the correct conclusion is flawed or not. if its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came to the correct conclusion.i dont want to be seen picking a fight because i notice that we are almost always on the same page, but this is a non sequitur. i dont deny that i cannot code a site. but let me put it a different way.let us say there is a doctor, let us call him doctor death (there have been many of these in many countries) and i criticize this fellow for the high body count of his patients. you retort that i havent performed any brain surgery. then you tell me to come back when i perform a successful lobotomy.put that way, isnt it nonsensical?
right.not calling a scam a scam is not neutrality. it is willful bias.look folks, there are only 2 options when it comes to sr2 whether you think that sr2 stole money from users or not.1. scamming thieves.2. incompetent fools unable to protect user funds.that is it. choose one. the right thing to do would be to encourage buyers and sellers to utilize other, more deserving markets. sr2 has the least credibility out of any market currently in business.
i am new to all this encryption business and need tips to learn a bit.i managed to create a pgp key alright, but when using safe-mail i can't find an option to encrypt/decrypt with that.also, i tried to set up a thunderbird with safe-mail, but it just tells me there is a problem with eithermy password or username, both are correct.are there any other options for me to use pgp encryption?i want things to get rolling, but in a safe way, to purchace some lucy. it's been a long time and i really miss her.thanks for any help.roh and i use ubuntu linux if that makes it easier to help me.oh and 2:how does one encrypt a pm here on tmg?
thanks for posting this!
sexywax approved.
hello all, glad to be here.i am interested in genuine lsd, have done it only once and it wasn't too strong dose, enough though to enable me to talk telepathically to my friends who i took it with, got plenty of cev and felt great, also a bit cheated because i felt that something wonderful had been hidden from me due to legislation...i had this weird red light trail following my fingers next day. this was in 80's. also once tried mushrooms, similar experience, not too strong.as i haven't been doing psychedelics too often and it was decades ago, what dosage do you recommend? i might have to trip alone, so massive doses are out of question. all my dope friends are grown ups with families and businesses etc... just me alone exploring.  my general psychological health is good and strong, so i'm not scared of strong doses either. how accurate are the dosage descriptions, when fe someone sells 100 micrograms, is it really that much or less? i know this place has reviewed sellers, how strongly could i trust i'm not getting some rc if i order lucy?for me purity and genuiness is of uttermost importance, as i might introduce lsd to a friend later on ,and definitely want it to be her first real lsd experience. she can then decide herself to do rc if she wants.also, does safe-mail work with pgp, i'm a bit clueless with pgp, but understand the basic principle.also, i have access to bitcoin automat, where i just put cash in, and scan the qt code of my paperwallet. after that i do not know how to pay for example, do i need an online wallet too???sorry for my daft questions, please just point me to a thread if these have been covered already.ps cand customs dogs sniff lsd? i am only asking as i saw it cops style of program where the dog marked a letter and they tested in lab, it was some blotter rc... i plan to use thunderbird with pgp, and safe-mail address, is this ok?also, i'm interested in mushrooms and would like to get a hint on dosage guidelines for both shrooms and lsd ie:chill out dosage for both and a real ego death dosage. can these be used after each other, let's say week apart or once a month or what?thanks
very glad to see some like-minded folks around here.   i'm currently organizing a "multisig club" similar to pine's legendary pgp club on sr1, and urge anyone who'd like to toss a few bitcents back and forth to swing by the security section and chime in.http://e26rc2tpqcfipmob.onion/index.php?topic=167.0
centralized marketplaces are dead.  at this point in the evolution of deepweb marketplaces, decentralization is the only logical next step.  many kudos to sites such as this that are beginning to move in this direction, i applaud you.  there is no better example proving why multisig is so important than the recent events at silk road. our community would be $5 million (or whatever the new number people are tossing about is) richer if we would've adopted this technology earlier.one of the most important elements of a decentralized market is a way to make safe, simple, trustless transactions.  enter multisig.  previously, this technology was rather difficult for your average user to wrap their head around - requiring using command line to create and handle these transactions.  fortunately for us, the demand is there, and simplified web uis are now popping up to make this process significantly easier.so what is multisig?  long story short, it's a way to eliminate having one centralized wallet holding all the coins, while still maintaining the benefits of a third party arbitrating.  the huge advantage in comparison to the escrow we're all used to is that the arbitrator cannot single-handedly decide the fate of the coins - making situations like what happened w/ not only the hackers, but also shutdown by le impossible.  multiple parties hold the keys to the transaction, and without coming to agreement the coins can't be moved (read: seized/stolen).  here's a simplified example of how a "2-of-3" transaction, which would be the most suitable for our purposes, would work on a site like bitrated.  this would differ slightly on other sites, but the basic premise remains the same.1) seller creates transaction, and sends the link to buyer w/ the stipulations of what is to occur should there be a dispute.2) buyer accepts transaction, and then both parties are presented w/ the multisignature transaction page.3) buyer deposits bitcoins to the address generated, where the coins are held until two of the three involved (buyer, seller, and arbitrator) sign w/ their private key.  basically the arbitrator is just a "tie-breaker" should the buyer/seller not be able to come to an agreement on who gets the money.  at this point you can also deifne what portion goes to what addresses if it's an agreement that isn't 100% refund, or if the arbitrator has fees for disputes (feature only available on bitrated).4) if buyer is satisfied, they sign the transaction.  their sig alongside the seller's releases the funds to the seller.5) if buyer is unsatisfied, a dispute is made and sent to the arbitrator, who makes the final decision based on evidence provided and the agreed upon terms linked to the transaction.so where do i start?  there are currently two websites i've found which offer a simplified service which doesn't require using console/command line.  unfortunately neither of them are ideal for our purposes yet, but undoubtedly in the very near future there will be more advances in the technology - namely multisig being built into the gui of popular wallet services.  i'll compare/contrast the two below, and if you know of others please let me know!***bitrated***https://www.bitrated.com+ the most full-featured multisig site w/ clear, easy-to-follow instructions and fairly comprehensive documentation.+ there is a clear text field for seller to list the terms before sending to buyer.+ arbitrator is not needed in any way should transaction not go into dispute.+ buyer/seller are given a url containing their public key, which is all that needs to be held onto to complete the transaction.+ supports client-side key generation.+/- arbitrators have a username which they can easily link buyers/sellers to, and either can begin the transaction.  in the future this username will have trust ratings similar to lbtc.- both buyer and seller must be online simultaneously to initiate the transaction.  this is by far the biggest issue, and if it weren't for this there would be no reason to use the other services.- using this w/o an arbitrator who has set up an account using a client-side public key (instead of a private key generated on the website) is a big security issue when conducting the transaction over tor.- lacks end-to-end encryption during the initiation step when data must be sent between users. see bug report >>> https://github.com/shesek/bitrated/issues/1***coinb.in***https://coinb.in/multisig/+ supports client-side key generation.+ allows types of multisig other than 2-of-3 (can't see many situations this would be helpful for us in though).+ buyer/seller do not need to be online simultaneously.+ any of the parties involved can create the transaction.+/- barebones ui+/- no need for arbitrator or users to start an account.- not very user friendly, and very little support documentation.- no support for sending percentages of transactions without creating multiple receiving addresses, and complicating the matter in the process.what i propose is a multisig club of similar fashion to pine's legendary pgp club on sr1.  due to the numerous options available and need for coordination, we will have to work out a separate system for doing test transactions on each site.  i'm currently going over the possible methods for organizing this.  for the time being i'm just looking to see who would be interested in tossing a few bitcents back and fourth, as well as get some discussion going about the current/future options for multisig.  i would prefer to arbitrate transactions myself, but can also act as the buyer or seller simultanously to get a better feel for how both sides of these systems work.welcome to the club!
not bothing with this anymore. upon reading android wont be enough!
good stuff, you should be very weary of cruising the darknet on what is essentially a homing device.
you can put coins into sr and make an order, but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust.
i think there could be 2 explanations about the sr stolen bitcoins.1: the staff stole everything. but in that case, why do they pay off people? and even if they dont pay off everybody, that would be too many efforts for few profits. personally i dont think they stole the users.2: sr has been hacked but the staff is too proud to admit it in public as they told everyone that the market was very secure. maybe thats why they invented that story (narco93 and the btc malleability).i dont say that i have the truth.
i think its hilarious cnn finds us important enough to make an article of itjust makes me want to troll even more knowing cnn is watchingthis must be what miley cyrus feels like
you can put coins into sr and make an order, but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust.
quote from: cuntdowntoban5 on february 11, 2014, 12:00:29 amwhat does everyone think about a temporary sr shutdown, for like a week or two or a month, something like that. a market without af or support is a bottomless pit for you to throw you bitcoins down.any other ideas for improvements welcome.feb 11th how did i know? lol[spam removed]
quote from: defcon on february 15, 2014, 11:06:44 pm1. i live a very busy and complicated life. i take opsec to extreme levels which consume many of my hours per day. any time you see me here, it means i have completed a checklist which requires over an hour of preparation for me to reposition and reconfigure many things to ensure i leave the most minimal trail possible and can "safely" connect to this place. this job will never be safe, and it is impossible to be perfectly covert. i know what i am facing, both from le and from vendors who do not share my opinions of non-violence.2. all released announcements were my true plans, and all delays were due to unanticipated external factors upon which i cannot elaborate. my staff has been very frustrated at my lack of ability to keep the dev team on time. again, this is completely my fault and something for which i take complete responsibility. i do not trust any developers, so i meticulously review anything the dev team sends to me. many have criticized me for this, and i listened to them. had i reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix to speed up slow withdrawals last month, transaction malleability would not have affected us at all. this is completely my fault for listening to critics instead of my own sense of caution.3. the public has known that auto-finalize has been disabled for a long time, and has known that the escrow balance is massive.4. any smart person could deduce that re-enabling of auto-finalize requires me to move a vast sum from cold storage to the hot storage wallet to ensure adequate fund availability (which admittedly was too large and one of my biggest failures this month). the attack was surgical and timed perfectly.the reason such a high quantity of coins was stolen was because we were preparing to implement auto-finalization and had therefore moved a huge volume from the cold storage to the hot storage to ensure the coins from all auto-finalized orders could be withdrawn without a hitch.here are as many details on the attack as i can provide. i am still investigating, and do not want to leak anything which could compromise any other markets. transparency in this issue is key, however, you deserve as granular an explanation as possible as to why this happened.sr2 attack investigation results as of feb 151. when withdrawal delays were happening last month, we wrote a custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries a reference, and built it on a shared infrastructure to load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation if ever one server was compromised.2. as this implementation was being written by behind-the-scenes dev staff, a lynch mob was getting exponentially worse in the forums. our moderator staff became more and more insistent that it was crucial to fix this problem immediately, relaying to me many concerns, and threats, from the community.3. we cut a corner, deciding to watch transactions. many community members were reporting missing withdrawals, weeks after sending them. we implemented a liberal check to the "refresh deposit balances" link on the account page - in essence, we allowed it to search deeply for any missing coins, rescanning and rescanning. one of our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. our thoughts were that if the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach to find missing coins, it must be commonplace. (i received her/his permission to publish this.)4. the transaction malleability bug was published last week at a time when i was disconnected from the internet for an extended period for opsec reasons. i did not become aware of the threat until the attack was already occurring. this was a failure on my part to trust more staff with critical access to stop withdrawals. the people who did have access to disable withdrawals were terrified of doing it without my permission, due to how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. they knew if they disabled withdrawals, then re-enabled them, there would be a run on the bank and i would need to be online to deposit cold storage into hot storage. in effect, this was my failure to emphasize to staff that it is always okay to lean on the side of caution and hit killswitches as they deem necessary. it was also my failure to communicate expectations to the community that sometimes killswitches will have to be hit, and it just means were playing it safe. this month it is clear we did not play it safe. killswitches are pointless if the only person confident enough to hit them is the boss.5. the attacker used an account first registered in early jan to try exploiting the vulnerability. looking back at the accounts history indicates that this account has been used to pentest many aspects of our system unsuccessfully. every previous attempt to find an attack vector failed, due to hardening done by our penetration testing team. i had previously seen these attempts in the logs as something to celebrate: "look, our hardening is working, this hacker would have won, but we put security over features!" - several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts, but that is pointless in our business as anyone can simply re-register.6. we are still unclear as to the exact approach used to cause our servers perception of transactions to mismatch with reality, because we have largely been focusing on preparing for relaunch and building communication to share with you, the community, over the past day. to the best of our understanding, the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts of bitcoins, and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos of similar transactions. 7. our system reflected his withdrawals, and his account showed as zero.8. the attacker rapidly clicked "refresh deposits" link until our code assumed that the transaction failed (all indications point to malleability as the root case). our system re-credited his account with the x btc it judged "unsuccessfully" withdrawn. this, again, due to the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month (see point 3).9. in reality, our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. as a result our system inaccurately represented the users balance as larger than it truly was. this allowed the attacker to withdraw coins again.10. the attacker began depositing larger amounts, such as 50 btc at a time, in order to exploit the vulnerability quickly.11. they then drained our entire hot storage in one bitcoin server shard, and tried the attack from one of their other accounts. the other account was on a different shard, and allowed that hot storage to be drained.12. the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all of our hot storage shards were drained.due to the type of vulnerability, our accounting system had an inaccurate perception of bitcoins on hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. this was a failure on our part to build a new server alert to check each shard of the new shared bitcoin infrastructure, and another symptom of how rushed we were when implementing the new system during a forum lynch-mob about slow withdrawals.lessons learned so far:1.  more staff should have access to killswitches and should not be afraid to use them. even if its just because of some news post about on clearnet about some "transaction malleability" thing. killswitches should be used liberally and regularly.2. a community needs to be comfortable with regular downtime - especially during periods when community safety and the safety of its money could be threatened. a good staff will be responsibly paranoid and hitting killswitches as they deem necessary, and should not be afraid of their community panicking each time precaution is exercised.3. there’s more to web security than rigorous penetration testing. it also requires the constant review of external services, systems and infrastructures.4. never make assumptions when implementing protocols you did not design. had we not trusted mtgoxs staff procedures, we would have reviewed our approaches with much more rigor. just because a large companys procedures are successful does not make them are safe.5. accept that your community will hate you regardless. in the darknet, you will be crucified by your community if anything ever goes wrong. psychologically prepare for everyone to hate you, because you inevitably will fail at something, and you will need to stay determined no matter what. dont let it get to your head, and dont let it affect your rigor with security. we cut corners with our deposit/withdrawal speed optimizations because we were afraid of the lynch-mob. we were foolish in this regard. we should have taken the entire site offline for as long as it took to implement a high-volume fault-tolerant bitcoin server in a well-tested, rigorous manner. this cost us an unspeakable amount of trust that we had slaved to build, some of us for years.this is where were at, with as much transparency as this medium allows:the worst that could happen did not happen.the worst thing that could happen for our communitys finances, however, did.we hate that it occurred under our watch.there is nothing we can do to change this. all we can do is be transparent about where we are at, and move forward.to those who will respond here for dramatic effect, please consider contributing your energy to the reconstruction of our community. if you cannot bring yourself to do this, then please take your negativity elsewhere. this is simple. if you have lost faith in silk road, i dont blame you in the least. i also do not want to read about it in perpetuity.trolling is easy. trolling during a disaster is cowardice. choosing to strengthen rather than troll, when trolling is the popular move - thats noble. i know that i speak for all silk road staff, seen and unseen, when i speak these words: we are going nowhere. we will remain, rebuild, and move forward toward the greater goal for which we strive by our running of this marketplace: personal freedom and foundational human rights.silk road will always rise again.code: [select]-----begin pgp signed message-----hash: sha512i am deeply thankful for the hundreds of supportive messages ive received. i am consistently blown away by how the core of this community come together in times of strife.. to the multitude of you who lost faith in silk road, i still am glad ive heard your words.i am still devastated that i have failed you. and even i have fallen victim to this attack – the majority of my personal earnings are completely gone. my life is not in danger though, and my identity is still protected – i’m thankful for this.so now, it’s time to share with you our plan to move forward.i realize you have no way of knowing whether im telling the truth, on anything. trying to communicate the authenticity of my true character on the darknet is difficult to say the least, and i do not expect any of you to take me at my word. but my actions over the next few weeks will speak louder than words ever could, and if you stick around you’ll realize this.silk road is not deadwe are here to stay, and for the most part, i believe our values are the same as yours – the community’s. and even though i represent the latest idiot to make a security mistake, i am unlike those who simply give in, and am determined to use lessons learned to fight for this communitys long term security.im focusing on multi-signature transactions as our only safe trading mechanism long term. additionally, i am ready and willing to collaborate with other darknet administrators and utilize our talented penetration testing team to help them to regularly audit their security.and although the tinfoil club will probably hate this and continue to tear me to shreds without regard for my actions in december, and whether you choose to believe them or not, here are the facts:1. i live a very busy and complicated life. i take opsec to extreme levels which consume many of my hours per day. any time you see me here, it means i have completed a checklist which requires over an hour of preparation for me to reposition and reconfigure many things to ensure i leave the most minimal trail possible and can "safely" connect to this place. this job will never be safe, and it is impossible to be perfectly covert. i know what i am facing, both from le and from vendors who do not share my opinions of non-violence.2. all released announcements were my true plans, and all delays were due to unanticipated external factors upon which i cannot elaborate. my staff has been very frustrated at my lack of ability to keep the dev team on time. again, this is completely my fault and something for which i take complete responsibility. i do not trust any developers, so i meticulously review anything the dev team sends to me. many have criticized me for this, and i listened to them. had i reviewed the code even more meticulously and delayed the fix to speed up slow withdrawals last month, transaction malleability would not have affected us at all. this is completely my fault for listening to critics instead of my own sense of caution.3. the public has known that auto-finalize has been disabled for a long time, and has known that the escrow balance is massive.4. any smart person could deduce that re-enabling of auto-finalize requires me to move a vast sum from cold storage to the hot storage wallet to ensure adequate fund availability (which admittedly was too large and one of my biggest failures this month). the attack was surgical and timed perfectly.the reason such a high quantity of coins was stolen was because we were preparing to implement auto-finalization and had therefore moved a huge volume from the cold storage to the hot storage to ensure the coins from all auto-finalized orders could be withdrawn without a hitch.here are as many details on the attack as i can provide. i am still investigating, and do not want to leak anything which could compromise any other markets. transparency in this issue is key, however, you deserve as granular an explanation as possible as to why this happened.sr2 attack investigation results as of feb 151. when withdrawal delays were happening last month, we wrote a custom bitcoin implementation using several available libraries a reference, and built it on a shared infrastructure to load balance across accounts and provide risk mitigation if ever one server was compromised.2. as this implementation was being written by behind-the-scenes dev staff, a lynch mob was getting exponentially worse in the forums. our moderator staff became more and more insistent that it was crucial to fix this problem immediately, relaying to me many concerns, and threats, from the community.3. we cut a corner, deciding to watch transactions. many community members were reporting missing withdrawals, weeks after sending them. we implemented a liberal check to the "refresh deposit balances" link on the account page - in essence, we allowed it to search deeply for any missing coins, rescanning and rescanning. one of our team members was familiar with mtgoxs procedures and source code and vouched for the idea. our thoughts were that if the largest bitcoin exchange was using this approach to find missing coins, it must be commonplace. (i received her/his permission to publish this.)4. the transaction malleability bug was published last week at a time when i was disconnected from the internet for an extended period for opsec reasons. i did not become aware of the threat until the attack was already occurring. this was a failure on my part to trust more staff with critical access to stop withdrawals. the people who did have access to disable withdrawals were terrified of doing it without my permission, due to how negatively the community reacts when withdrawals are turned off. they knew if they disabled withdrawals, then re-enabled them, there would be a run on the bank and i would need to be online to deposit cold storage into hot storage. in effect, this was my failure to emphasize to staff that it is always okay to lean on the side of caution and hit killswitches as they deem necessary. it was also my failure to communicate expectations to the community that sometimes killswitches will have to be hit, and it just means were playing it safe. this month it is clear we did not play it safe. killswitches are pointless if the only person confident enough to hit them is the boss.5. the attacker used an account first registered in early jan to try exploiting the vulnerability. looking back at the accounts history indicates that this account has been used to pentest many aspects of our system unsuccessfully. every previous attempt to find an attack vector failed, due to hardening done by our penetration testing team. i had previously seen these attempts in the logs as something to celebrate: "look, our hardening is working, this hacker would have won, but we put security over features!" - several people suggested disabling the hackers accounts, but that is pointless in our business as anyone can simply re-register.6. we are still unclear as to the exact approach used to cause our servers perception of transactions to mismatch with reality, because we have largely been focusing on preparing for relaunch and building communication to share with you, the community, over the past day. to the best of our understanding, the attacker deposited increasingly larger amounts of bitcoins, and withdrew them while flooding the blockchain with ddos of similar transactions.7. our system reflected his withdrawals, and his account showed as zero.8. the attacker rapidly clicked "refresh deposits" link until our code assumed that the transaction failed (all indications point to malleability as the root case). our system re-credited his account with the x btc it judged "unsuccessfully" withdrawn. this, again, due to the liberal rescanning mechanisms added last month (see point 3).9. in reality, our servers perceived the transactions inaccurately and the btc were successfully withdrawn. as a result our system inaccurately represented the users balance as larger than it truly was. this allowed the attacker to withdraw coins again.10. the attacker began depositing larger amounts, such as 50 btc at a time, in order to exploit the vulnerability quickly.11. they then drained our entire hot storage in one bitcoin server shard, and tried the attack from one of their other accounts. the other account was on a different shard, and allowed that hot storage to be drained.12. the attacker continued using different accounts until virtually all of our hot storage shards were drained.due to the type of vulnerability, our accounting system had an inaccurate perception of bitcoins on hand and therefore did not trigger any alerts until real user withdrawals began failing unexpectedly. this was a failure on our part to build a new server alert to check each shard of the new shared bitcoin infrastructure, and another symptom of how rushed we were when implementing the new system during a forum lynch-mob about slow withdrawals.[/quote]
i cant believe anyone is actually putting money into the site. the net is closing in and soon as the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut up shop and run for the hill with whatever money is tied up in the site at the time. tick.tock.
deepdotweb have relegated sr to the scam list. respected bitcoin engineers have called it a scam. at least 90% of darkmarket community agrees its a scamwhy does the hub continue to infer legitimacy of an obvious conjob by keeping the sr subforum up??especially since you claim you are trying to shake the stink of sr off yourselves...
quote from: mycarneedstint on february 21, 2014, 02:01:16 amsr is not and never will be safe. not ever again and never really was. stay away from the sr forums!!try and stop me
quote from: poopoo on february 21, 2014, 09:50:15 ami cant believe anyone is actually putting money into the site. the net is closing in and soon as the proof gets undenailble for even silk road fanboys the admins will just shut up shop and run for the hill with whatever money is tied up in the site at the time. tick.tock.                                           +1
quote from: llama socks on february 21, 2014, 04:28:12 pmyou can put coins into sr and make an order, but theres no esrcow so only use vendors you really trust.exactly
so llama socks your only defence against the avalanche of evidence against defcon is his own word. the word of an anonymous pseudonym you had no idea existed 3 months ago?solid
quote from: cooked on february 21, 2014, 04:40:40 pmmtgox has never been functional loltrue dat.
read this mate  **clearnet***- http://www.reddit.com/r/bitcoinmarkets/comments/1ygxq7/mtgox_megathread_3_thursday_february_20_2014/i for one cant really get my head around it!
quote from: floydy on february 21, 2014, 02:30:36 pmquote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmwhat i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?the only thing we have to go on are goxs statements now and goxs track record in the past.their track record is appalling, theyve fucked up too many times for many people to trust them.  their statements so far on this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence in technology and pr.will they re-open btc withdrawals again? your guess is as good as mine, this ultimately depends on whether it is, as a business, solvent. have they been scammed / hacked? or are they in turn, scamming us? theres alot of speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds of cheap btc from gox customers, transferring them to other exchanges and selling, rinse, repeat, make millions of dollars.if you have usd already on gox theres some speculation that holding fiat on gox is better than holding btc if they are indeed insolvent. japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions if they fuck around too badly.if youre thinking of transferring usd into gox, dont do it unless youve got an account theyve already "verified" with photo id / utility bills etc because youll never be able to get anything back otherwise.if you already have a verified account, then by all means transfer some cash in. you could make 4x your money, or more, if you are able to transfer the btc out to another exchange at some point in the future.you could lose it all if it turns out gox is insolvent / scammed / hacked / scamming.how much do you trust gox?keep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.(in true dirty harry style)do you feel lucky, punk?agreed there track record is shocking especaily when there trade engine stalled and their price got stuck in a loop, one of many examples. i wont miss them if they dissapear.
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmok i know the basics. mtgox got hacked or had some issue (i dont give a crap about the conspiracy theorys) and have now shut down withdrawls. what i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?stay away from gox. would you deposit money in an uninsured bank that has stopped allowing withdrawls and wire transfers but still accepts deposits? stay away even $1 for a bitcoin bought there isnt worth it.i will consider it a miracle if i ever see my coins mount cocks stole. lets not even mention how much they cost investors in losses from coins tanking and not being allowed to trade.mount cocks will go down as the biggest bitcoin scam to date. it will make the scam sr pulled look like nothing
after reading that cnn article, i remembered people reporting odd withdrawals before the site went down. what was odd is the coins were being withdrawn before there were any confirmations on blockchain. in order for this to happen the attacker would need the users private keys. remember sr has static deposit addresses. im no expert with bitcoins, but wouldnt this suggest its an inside job or at the very least the hacker has everyones private keys?
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 11:41:28 am$50 says cwb voted for obama.im british mate, so no.
ok i know the basics. mtgox got hacked or had some issue (i dont give a crap about the conspiracy theorys) and have now shut down withdrawls. what i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?
i never trusted gox from day 1. they are shifty just like the teenagers than ran bitinstant. i understand that they have made some soft announcements that they plan on giving people their money sometime  and as the link cwb gave their is a metric shit ton of speculation. i do not trust gox at all but putting in usd to make a profit at this point would simply be a gamble like any other. and i personally think they will give the money back. just based on how catastrophic it would be if they didnt. and the fact they have claimed to have all the coins. and not giving them back at this point would make them look very very bad.i have an account pending verification.
quote from: pothead on february 21, 2014, 03:10:25 pmstay away even $1 for a bitcoin bought there isnt worth it.gox offers bitcoin at $1 and ijizzinmy pants
howdy,if you are looking for a free vendor account, you can come to blackbank.  however, with the advent of recent questionable vendors, that will be changing shortly.  if you are interested in joining, feel free to do so beforehand.there will also be a vendor application fee waiver for vendors with 20+ rating from reputable marketplaces in an upcoming update.cheers.
ok thanks, but when i can place orders in sr and put bitcoins in the account? because the bitcoins that i had before attack in escrow, stays in pending balance, and yesterday i sent 0001 for make a test, and is pending confirmation too, but not in pending balances yet. when this problem be fix it?then, using bitcoinfog for example, i can put bitcoins in my sr account safely, and place orders with the same way of always? and if is yes, when this may be possible?thanks a lot!
hello. i have another question about the reopened of sr, and this is about sr account too. in deposit adresses, above the adresses, we can read this text:mix all coins which ever touch silk road. without mixing you are completely vulnerable to blockchain analysis, and the potential disclosure of your identity. we have basic internal mixing implemented, but if silk road is ever compromised, you will not be safe. do not rely on one single point of failure - we strongly recommend that you use a bitcoin mixing service. if you are unfamiliar with mixing services, we encourage you to browse silk roads community forums for recommendations.what it mean this? i dont know nothing about that really, is a payment method, or what is it?if somebody can explain me this, and how works to use it to put by a secure way bitcoins in sr (i think that is something like that), of another way, but i wanna know what is it, and if is required to place orders and pay with bitcoins in sr safely, how works like i said. if is another thing, please tell me too. its a important information to know.thanks!
quote from: mycarneedstint on february 20, 2014, 11:18:34 pmare you on the sr payroll?didnt he just admit this in the op?
quote from: mycarneedstint on february 21, 2014, 01:58:27 amwhere are the coins going? did captianwhitebeard get his cut?lol.. considering his recent posts, i would have to say yes, he got his cut.
wow thanks! that was a great post i would never of thought to do that!if i ever have an amount of coin that would be worth stealing ill do this lol
where are the coins going? did captianwhitebeard get his cut?
services like bitcoinfog mix your coins with other coins. you see btc has a trail so to speak in the blockchain. and you want to fog this trail as much as possible just in case. you dont want to buy btc with your bank account and it end up linking you too sr.sr used to have a mixing service when your coins were deposited, but it no longer does.
i am, he stated all his bitcoins were stolen as well.
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  you seem like a really nice person and i hate the way people treat you over there.  please dont defend this as not being a scam unless you have better proof than the testimony of the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out on you even more than they do now.
looks very cool, and love the ethos, but why, when we have tor configured for max security, do you require javascript to be enabled to fully participate, please?
i dont believe the part about hiring a hitman. this was said by le and by no one else. why do you believe everything cops say?
quote from: psychonaut27 on february 21, 2014, 02:14:49 ami just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?dude youre a little late to the party on that.  its gone.
quote from: pillfirepharmacy on february 21, 2014, 03:20:42 amquote from: psychonaut27 on february 21, 2014, 02:14:49 ami just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?dude youre a little late to the party on that.  its gone. i got the pm 8 days ago xd
i just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?
the only way people will know the truth is if we all keep the hub honest. sr/defcom did indeed mislead sr2 users. then outright lied about a btc maleability.
i posted this in another thread on this subject but it belongs here too.we have proof that sr is a scam now.  we have the testimony of a bitcoin expert.  "only two scenarios exist, says andreas antonopoulos an engineer at bitcoin wallet service blockchain:  silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly, or they simply swindled their customers themselves."usually we just call it a scam and wait for the market to prove otherwise but this time we have the testimony of an expert witness that this is a scam.  so until sr can produce a more qualified expert to contradict mr. antonopoulos, then i think it is now ok for us to label this latest sr event as a scam at least until we get that contradictory expert testimony.
quoteinanna    vendor    sr. member    *****    posts: 386    karma: +55/-11    ??????ç??        view profilei have no opinion either way but a couple weeks before the hack it seemed like this place was falling apart and its future uncertain. whoever stole the coins would have waited if they thought they could get more coins at a later date.quote from: northwest nuggets on february 16, 2014, 02:06:07 amits possible that a hack or some other type of robbery did happen but it happened a while ago.  i have suspected for some time that sr didnt have all the bitcoins that were supposedly in peoples wallets and were using these "bugs" to "borrow" money from vendors when deposits were not enough to fund the withdrawls.  now that people are losing faith and leaving the site, deposits are much less than withdrawls and vendors are requiring customers to finalize early so they cant "borrow" the money anymore.  just an idea?
to be fair, that article is about 80% fud (bitcoins are "prosecution futures", you will be caught, etc) and 20% fact (blockchains andreas antonopoulos states clearly that sr2 either willing let someone steal the coins, or stole the coins themself). it is cnn after all.
i think we have found that hard evidence in the form of the testimony of an expert witness (andreas antonopoulos).http://money.cnn.com/2014/02/19/technology/security/bitcoin-black-market/quote silk roads new administrators said hackers exploited a bitcoin glitch to steal funds. but in the days since the attack, its become painfully clear that the bitcoin system isnt to blame. only two scenarios exist, says andreas antonopoulos an engineer at bitcoin wallet service blockchain: silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly, or they simply swindled their customers themselves.
only two scenarios exist, says andreas antonopoulos an engineer at bitcoin wallet service blockchain: silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly, or they simply swindled their customers themselves."here is the link to cnn article####clearnet warning!#####:    http://money.cnn.com/2014/02/19/technology/security/bitcoin-black-market/  ####clearnet warning!####
i have made over 3 bitcoins in total, agora rocks!
quote from: hohnerspecial 20 on january 21, 2014, 06:30:43 ami think its safe to say bmr is gone (the mods may well still be alive and well, or dead and unhealthy i have no idea) but i think those of us dedicated should invest in sr and its community, i know that what ill be doingsr has been gone since we tried to log in and saw the "siezed" notice.   bmr may well be gone but if so it happened last week.  if you want a market with an admin who has been around for a while, try evolution.  if you want a market with lots of vendors and customers try agora.
i think its hilarious cnn finds us important enough to make an article of itjust makes me want to troll even more knowing cnn is watchingthis must be what miley cyrus feels like
i think there could be 2 explanations about the sr stolen bitcoins.1: the staff stole everything. but in that case, why do they pay off people? and even if they dont pay off everybody, that would be too many efforts for few profits. personally i dont think they stole the users.2: sr has been hacked but the staff is too proud to admit it in public as they told everyone that the market was very secure. maybe thats why they invented that story (narco93 and the btc malleability).i dont say that i have the truth.
pgp does not have to be a pain to use. the easiest, and i really mean it, pgp program to use, hands down, for windows and linux users is gpg4usb which you can download at this clearnet link: http://www.gpg4usb.org/gpg4usb is a standalone, compact cut and paste pgp utility which you can store on your desktop or on a usb drive. it allows you to easily generate your first 4096 bit rsa key pair and get started within an hour. the get started documentation at the gpg4usb home page should be all you need, however if you need extra help there is a great guide to gpg4usb at this clearnet link:https://securityinabox.org/en/gpg4usb_portablegpg4usb works great if all you need is a simple and secure way to encrypt pms or email. if you want to take it up a notch and use pgp automatically with your thunderbird email client you need to check out this clearnet guide, follow it to the letter and you will be good to go: https://securityinabox.org/en/thunderbird_portablewhen thunderbird is set up according to this guide pgp email is transformed and becomes easy, convenient and as good as it gets. try it for yourself and i betcha you will become a convert. for os x users needing a portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative to gpg4usb is portable pgp which you can download at this clearnet link - http://sourceforge.net/projects/ppgp/
one of the oldest darknet scam sites...
quote from: jolly roger on january 28, 2014, 04:50:17 pmquote from: flaxceed on january 28, 2014, 12:37:32 pmi was finally able to get on sr2.  agree- now that they have fixed a lot of the issues i retract the "massive fail" comment.  when i could not log in for days on end and could not get any help it was looking bleak.  things are definitely changing for the better on sr2!yeah, i have spoken to defcon about the site and he is aware of the problems. mainly though it is just they do not want to become like all the other hacked markets. sheep, bmr, tor market, flomarket, and more to come. even pandora was slightly compromised but the attacker only stole 1.2 btc. all of these markets are constantly under attempted attack, and when you are silk road 2.0, you do not want to lose anyones coins. there are likely a lot of bitcoins flowing through silk road 2.0 and any hack that could exploit their escrow wallets would likely be huge. therefore, making absolute certain that the system is near impossible to compromise is priority #1 and trumps all fancy features like resolutions centers and so forth. unfortunately, most people see through this and think that these security features should have been implemented upon it being developed. as you see though, with the other hacked markets, it is easy to make mistakes, and all it takes is one little exploit and somebody will find it and steal the bitcoins. one day people will look back on this and laugh.agora on the other hand, was written by a former bitcoin fog developer and since bitcoin fog is extremely solid, i am quite confident in that agora will be solid as well. i have viewed the website and the coding looks solid.very prophetic.... would be interested in your views as to the hack that allegedly got them...
quote from: tacit1 on february 21, 2014, 09:24:52 pmi have made over 3 bitcoins in total, agora rocks!god damn thats alot im just creaping up on 1 btc now!!!!!
does anyone know if these people are legit? has anyone bought from them? i emailed them about a product and they gave me a link to their stocklist. that was a couple days ago. now their website is down. i am emailing them about buying a product and i asked them about the website and they said that the server the website was hosted on was hacked and wiped. should i trust them? could their email be compromised too?
$50 says cwb voted for obama.
quote from: xsposer on february 20, 2014, 07:34:28 pmthis sounds just like what the sheep market admin did for all their vocal forum members before they stole everything. just ask jack n hoff, he backed sheep market until the very last day. why? because unlike everyone else, they let him withdraw a limited amount of funds, so he would publicly called bs on any scam talk.... so does this captainwhitebeard post sound familiar?  i almost believed that everybody else was making it all up about not getting withdrawls because i trusted jack and he would say "i just withdrew $x00,000" every time somebody would say their withdrawls were not working.
i mean just imagine the consequences for the community if a market is allowed to take your money and that isnt called a scam even in the face of evidence that would stand up in court like the testimony of an expert witness.  this means that a market can just take our money any time they want and even if we have evidence, we will just keep right on using it.
quote from: tyrone on february 21, 2014, 10:32:17 am2. incompetent fools unable to protect user funds.ill prefix what im about to say with: i hate sounding like im defending sr. im not. i am trying to get provoke more than a half-thought out of you people.if you call them incompetent fools unable to protect user funds, you are calling a lot of site owners this. ulbricht, the people who ran bitmit, and even backopy who ran what a lot of people call the best run marketplace in history. i dont see your market that is an impenetrable fortress. wheres it at?i know sr is probably a bunch of thieving cunts and all the shit talk is deserved, but a little bit of wisdom that i learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct is if the thought process leading to the correct conclusion is flawed or not. if its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came to the correct conclusion.
apples to oranges. i dont fight with people on the internet - thats gay - but i do enjoy an honest conversation even if we have opposing opinions.from what i see, the reason you said if they were hacked it was because they were too incompetent to secure the funds is.. you dont want to offer an option where they are not assholes. and of course a sound argument shouldnt offer such an option.but. there is a lot of marketplaces that have been hacked despite the admins intentions or technical knowledge or security capabilities. the fact of the matter is its really freakin hard to completely secure a million dollars worth of coins that are sitting in one spot on the internet. so either evey market admin to date is incompetent, or it is impossible (or nearly impossible) to secure bitcoins on the darknet. which option sounds more true.to follow your analogy, if 20 different doctors preform lobotomys and 17 of them kill the patient. is the 17th doctor to do so incompetent?my opinion on the matter is. sr2 is super gay to begin with. at this point they either pay people back or dont. in a few months we can decide if they are scammers or not. i know how angry people get when their money is lost, but claiming they are lying is nothing more than a claim right now. it wouldnt be the first time a market was hacked.all that being said, i dont like sr. i dont think anyone should use it.its a place for children to get high. if you are a child and what to get high, go to the road. if not. there are 10x better places.
well they deserve a chance to respond to the blockchain guy but if they dont come up with an expert that contradicts him pretty soon then it should be labelled a scam.  if this market were called "sheep" instead of "silk road" then we would have called it a scam days ago.  now that we have a bitcoin expert saying that is has to be some type of scam, they must  contradict this with their own expert or be labelled a scam.
i agree with you nw nuggets.my sr wallet was emptied. i had nothing in escrow and two finalized orders.i do not feel my sr wallet is safe at all. i do not feel any market wallet is safe.i wish i could tell people that it is safe. but lets be realistic. i know we all have a choice and hopefully understand the risks and right now they seem like pretty fin great risks to me.
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 02:50:51 pmi have an account pending verification.their track record of actually following through and verifying account holders even though theyve had relevant documents is pretty poor and i suspect that right now, their customer service people are probably focussed on other things.i would strongly recommend you do nothing till your account is verified, if you do youll be doubling your risk...quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 02:50:51 pmand i personally think they will give the money back. just based on how catastrophic it would be if they didnt. and the fact they have claimed to have all the coins. and not giving them back at this point would make them look very very bad.theyve been making themselves look bad on a regular basis for as long as ive been into bitcoin, do you think any of that bothers mark karpeles? hes got a track record for saying "fuck you if you dont like it" to his customers, why should this situation be any different?
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmwhat i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?the only thing we have to go on are goxs statements now and goxs track record in the past.their track record is appalling, theyve fucked up too many times for many people to trust them.  their statements so far on this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence in technology and pr.will they re-open btc withdrawals again? your guess is as good as mine, this ultimately depends on whether it is, as a business, solvent. have they been scammed / hacked? or are they in turn, scamming us? theres alot of speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds of cheap btc from gox customers, transferring them to other exchanges and selling, rinse, repeat, make millions of dollars.if you have usd already on gox theres some speculation that holding fiat on gox is better than holding btc if they are indeed insolvent. japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions if they fuck around too badly.if youre thinking of transferring usd into gox, dont do it unless youve got an account theyve already "verified" with photo id / utility bills etc because youll never be able to get anything back otherwise.if you already have a verified account, then by all means transfer some cash in. you could make 4x your money, or more, if you are able to transfer the btc out to another exchange at some point in the future.you could lose it all if it turns out gox is insolvent / scammed / hacked / scamming.how much do you trust gox?keep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.(in true dirty harry style)do you feel lucky, punk?
hi there,just started using agora. havent ordered, but have deposited a tiny amount of btc, just as a test.ive been looking on agoras forum and there are several complaints about deposits not showing up, one person even complaining that he looked on the blockchain and saw his deposit to his agora wallet sent to another address (internal tumbling?), but never showing up in his agora wallet.in addition, these people are complaining of zero response from agora support.anyone had any similar experiences?edit: im not trying to diss agora: it actually looks like a very well run marketplace, im just exercising "due diligence" before i jump in and make a purchase.
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  until proof is provided that all the coins have been repaid and a plausable explanation given on why no support was available for months and how the coins actually disappeared. sr will forever be known as a scam or le honeypot site. sr should be avoided like the plague!! danger! danger will robinson!
quote from: trolltergeist on february 21, 2014, 07:40:44 amsr will consistently rape there customer base. we all know sr was not hacked. most of us know and some just do not want to believe. idiots.doesnt matter who took what at this point.its how much trust someone is willing to put into what is being said by admins.and fuck if that isnt totally up to personal interpretation but as ive learned, most of the "new members" on sr are not too good at interpreting things.
thats only accurate for one type of standarized transaction. you can assign outputs to all sorts of different things that dont just require proof of ownership of a private key whose public keys hash corresponds to a certain value. of course, good luck getting your wierdo transaction into the blockchain.
howdy,if you are looking for a free vendor account, you can come to blackbank.  however, with the advent of recent questionable vendors, that will be changing shortly.  if you are interested in joining, feel free to do so beforehand.there will also be a vendor application fee waiver for vendors with 20+ rating from reputable marketplaces in an upcoming update.cheers.
ok thanks, but when i can place orders in sr and put bitcoins in the account? because the bitcoins that i had before attack in escrow, stays in pending balance, and yesterday i sent 0001 for make a test, and is pending confirmation too, but not in pending balances yet. when this problem be fix it?then, using bitcoinfog for example, i can put bitcoins in my sr account safely, and place orders with the same way of always? and if is yes, when this may be possible?thanks a lot!
hello. i have another question about the reopened of sr, and this is about sr account too. in deposit adresses, above the adresses, we can read this text:mix all coins which ever touch silk road. without mixing you are completely vulnerable to blockchain analysis, and the potential disclosure of your identity. we have basic internal mixing implemented, but if silk road is ever compromised, you will not be safe. do not rely on one single point of failure - we strongly recommend that you use a bitcoin mixing service. if you are unfamiliar with mixing services, we encourage you to browse silk roads community forums for recommendations.what it mean this? i dont know nothing about that really, is a payment method, or what is it?if somebody can explain me this, and how works to use it to put by a secure way bitcoins in sr (i think that is something like that), of another way, but i wanna know what is it, and if is required to place orders and pay with bitcoins in sr safely, how works like i said. if is another thing, please tell me too. its a important information to know.thanks!
quote from: mycarneedstint on february 20, 2014, 11:18:34 pmare you on the sr payroll?didnt he just admit this in the op?
quote from: mycarneedstint on february 21, 2014, 01:58:27 amwhere are the coins going? did captianwhitebeard get his cut?lol.. considering his recent posts, i would have to say yes, he got his cut.
wow thanks! that was a great post i would never of thought to do that!if i ever have an amount of coin that would be worth stealing ill do this lol
where are the coins going? did captianwhitebeard get his cut?
services like bitcoinfog mix your coins with other coins. you see btc has a trail so to speak in the blockchain. and you want to fog this trail as much as possible just in case. you dont want to buy btc with your bank account and it end up linking you too sr.sr used to have a mixing service when your coins were deposited, but it no longer does.
i am, he stated all his bitcoins were stolen as well.
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  you seem like a really nice person and i hate the way people treat you over there.  please dont defend this as not being a scam unless you have better proof than the testimony of the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out on you even more than they do now.
looks very cool, and love the ethos, but why, when we have tor configured for max security, do you require javascript to be enabled to fully participate, please?
i dont believe the part about hiring a hitman. this was said by le and by no one else. why do you believe everything cops say?
quote from: psychonaut27 on february 21, 2014, 02:14:49 ami just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?dude youre a little late to the party on that.  its gone.
quote from: pillfirepharmacy on february 21, 2014, 03:20:42 amquote from: psychonaut27 on february 21, 2014, 02:14:49 ami just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?dude youre a little late to the party on that.  its gone. i got the pm 8 days ago xd
i just got message with an offer to be free vendor but site wont even open?
the only way people will know the truth is if we all keep the hub honest. sr/defcom did indeed mislead sr2 users. then outright lied about a btc maleability.
i posted this in another thread on this subject but it belongs here too.we have proof that sr is a scam now.  we have the testimony of a bitcoin expert.  "only two scenarios exist, says andreas antonopoulos an engineer at bitcoin wallet service blockchain:  silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly, or they simply swindled their customers themselves."usually we just call it a scam and wait for the market to prove otherwise but this time we have the testimony of an expert witness that this is a scam.  so until sr can produce a more qualified expert to contradict mr. antonopoulos, then i think it is now ok for us to label this latest sr event as a scam at least until we get that contradictory expert testimony.
quoteinanna    vendor    sr. member    *****    posts: 386    karma: +55/-11    ??????ç??        view profilei have no opinion either way but a couple weeks before the hack it seemed like this place was falling apart and its future uncertain. whoever stole the coins would have waited if they thought they could get more coins at a later date.quote from: northwest nuggets on february 16, 2014, 02:06:07 amits possible that a hack or some other type of robbery did happen but it happened a while ago.  i have suspected for some time that sr didnt have all the bitcoins that were supposedly in peoples wallets and were using these "bugs" to "borrow" money from vendors when deposits were not enough to fund the withdrawls.  now that people are losing faith and leaving the site, deposits are much less than withdrawls and vendors are requiring customers to finalize early so they cant "borrow" the money anymore.  just an idea?
to be fair, that article is about 80% fud (bitcoins are "prosecution futures", you will be caught, etc) and 20% fact (blockchains andreas antonopoulos states clearly that sr2 either willing let someone steal the coins, or stole the coins themself). it is cnn after all.
i think we have found that hard evidence in the form of the testimony of an expert witness (andreas antonopoulos).http://money.cnn.com/2014/02/19/technology/security/bitcoin-black-market/quote silk roads new administrators said hackers exploited a bitcoin glitch to steal funds. but in the days since the attack, its become painfully clear that the bitcoin system isnt to blame. only two scenarios exist, says andreas antonopoulos an engineer at bitcoin wallet service blockchain: silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly, or they simply swindled their customers themselves.
only two scenarios exist, says andreas antonopoulos an engineer at bitcoin wallet service blockchain: silk roads leaders were fooled into emptying all their accounts willingly, or they simply swindled their customers themselves."here is the link to cnn article####clearnet warning!#####:    http://money.cnn.com/2014/02/19/technology/security/bitcoin-black-market/  ####clearnet warning!####
i have made over 3 bitcoins in total, agora rocks!
quote from: hohnerspecial 20 on january 21, 2014, 06:30:43 ami think its safe to say bmr is gone (the mods may well still be alive and well, or dead and unhealthy i have no idea) but i think those of us dedicated should invest in sr and its community, i know that what ill be doingsr has been gone since we tried to log in and saw the "siezed" notice.   bmr may well be gone but if so it happened last week.  if you want a market with an admin who has been around for a while, try evolution.  if you want a market with lots of vendors and customers try agora.
i think its hilarious cnn finds us important enough to make an article of itjust makes me want to troll even more knowing cnn is watchingthis must be what miley cyrus feels like
i think there could be 2 explanations about the sr stolen bitcoins.1: the staff stole everything. but in that case, why do they pay off people? and even if they dont pay off everybody, that would be too many efforts for few profits. personally i dont think they stole the users.2: sr has been hacked but the staff is too proud to admit it in public as they told everyone that the market was very secure. maybe thats why they invented that story (narco93 and the btc malleability).i dont say that i have the truth.
pgp does not have to be a pain to use. the easiest, and i really mean it, pgp program to use, hands down, for windows and linux users is gpg4usb which you can download at this clearnet link: http://www.gpg4usb.org/gpg4usb is a standalone, compact cut and paste pgp utility which you can store on your desktop or on a usb drive. it allows you to easily generate your first 4096 bit rsa key pair and get started within an hour. the get started documentation at the gpg4usb home page should be all you need, however if you need extra help there is a great guide to gpg4usb at this clearnet link:https://securityinabox.org/en/gpg4usb_portablegpg4usb works great if all you need is a simple and secure way to encrypt pms or email. if you want to take it up a notch and use pgp automatically with your thunderbird email client you need to check out this clearnet guide, follow it to the letter and you will be good to go: https://securityinabox.org/en/thunderbird_portablewhen thunderbird is set up according to this guide pgp email is transformed and becomes easy, convenient and as good as it gets. try it for yourself and i betcha you will become a convert. for os x users needing a portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative to gpg4usb is portable pgp which you can download at this clearnet link - http://sourceforge.net/projects/ppgp/
one of the oldest darknet scam sites...
quote from: jolly roger on january 28, 2014, 04:50:17 pmquote from: flaxceed on january 28, 2014, 12:37:32 pmi was finally able to get on sr2.  agree- now that they have fixed a lot of the issues i retract the "massive fail" comment.  when i could not log in for days on end and could not get any help it was looking bleak.  things are definitely changing for the better on sr2!yeah, i have spoken to defcon about the site and he is aware of the problems. mainly though it is just they do not want to become like all the other hacked markets. sheep, bmr, tor market, flomarket, and more to come. even pandora was slightly compromised but the attacker only stole 1.2 btc. all of these markets are constantly under attempted attack, and when you are silk road 2.0, you do not want to lose anyones coins. there are likely a lot of bitcoins flowing through silk road 2.0 and any hack that could exploit their escrow wallets would likely be huge. therefore, making absolute certain that the system is near impossible to compromise is priority #1 and trumps all fancy features like resolutions centers and so forth. unfortunately, most people see through this and think that these security features should have been implemented upon it being developed. as you see though, with the other hacked markets, it is easy to make mistakes, and all it takes is one little exploit and somebody will find it and steal the bitcoins. one day people will look back on this and laugh.agora on the other hand, was written by a former bitcoin fog developer and since bitcoin fog is extremely solid, i am quite confident in that agora will be solid as well. i have viewed the website and the coding looks solid.very prophetic.... would be interested in your views as to the hack that allegedly got them...
quote from: tacit1 on february 21, 2014, 09:24:52 pmi have made over 3 bitcoins in total, agora rocks!god damn thats alot im just creaping up on 1 btc now!!!!!
does anyone know if these people are legit? has anyone bought from them? i emailed them about a product and they gave me a link to their stocklist. that was a couple days ago. now their website is down. i am emailing them about buying a product and i asked them about the website and they said that the server the website was hosted on was hacked and wiped. should i trust them? could their email be compromised too?
$50 says cwb voted for obama.
quote from: xsposer on february 20, 2014, 07:34:28 pmthis sounds just like what the sheep market admin did for all their vocal forum members before they stole everything. just ask jack n hoff, he backed sheep market until the very last day. why? because unlike everyone else, they let him withdraw a limited amount of funds, so he would publicly called bs on any scam talk.... so does this captainwhitebeard post sound familiar?  i almost believed that everybody else was making it all up about not getting withdrawls because i trusted jack and he would say "i just withdrew $x00,000" every time somebody would say their withdrawls were not working.
i mean just imagine the consequences for the community if a market is allowed to take your money and that isnt called a scam even in the face of evidence that would stand up in court like the testimony of an expert witness.  this means that a market can just take our money any time they want and even if we have evidence, we will just keep right on using it.
quote from: tyrone on february 21, 2014, 10:32:17 am2. incompetent fools unable to protect user funds.ill prefix what im about to say with: i hate sounding like im defending sr. im not. i am trying to get provoke more than a half-thought out of you people.if you call them incompetent fools unable to protect user funds, you are calling a lot of site owners this. ulbricht, the people who ran bitmit, and even backopy who ran what a lot of people call the best run marketplace in history. i dont see your market that is an impenetrable fortress. wheres it at?i know sr is probably a bunch of thieving cunts and all the shit talk is deserved, but a little bit of wisdom that i learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct is if the thought process leading to the correct conclusion is flawed or not. if its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came to the correct conclusion.
apples to oranges. i dont fight with people on the internet - thats gay - but i do enjoy an honest conversation even if we have opposing opinions.from what i see, the reason you said if they were hacked it was because they were too incompetent to secure the funds is.. you dont want to offer an option where they are not assholes. and of course a sound argument shouldnt offer such an option.but. there is a lot of marketplaces that have been hacked despite the admins intentions or technical knowledge or security capabilities. the fact of the matter is its really freakin hard to completely secure a million dollars worth of coins that are sitting in one spot on the internet. so either evey market admin to date is incompetent, or it is impossible (or nearly impossible) to secure bitcoins on the darknet. which option sounds more true.to follow your analogy, if 20 different doctors preform lobotomys and 17 of them kill the patient. is the 17th doctor to do so incompetent?my opinion on the matter is. sr2 is super gay to begin with. at this point they either pay people back or dont. in a few months we can decide if they are scammers or not. i know how angry people get when their money is lost, but claiming they are lying is nothing more than a claim right now. it wouldnt be the first time a market was hacked.all that being said, i dont like sr. i dont think anyone should use it.its a place for children to get high. if you are a child and what to get high, go to the road. if not. there are 10x better places.
well they deserve a chance to respond to the blockchain guy but if they dont come up with an expert that contradicts him pretty soon then it should be labelled a scam.  if this market were called "sheep" instead of "silk road" then we would have called it a scam days ago.  now that we have a bitcoin expert saying that is has to be some type of scam, they must  contradict this with their own expert or be labelled a scam.
i agree with you nw nuggets.my sr wallet was emptied. i had nothing in escrow and two finalized orders.i do not feel my sr wallet is safe at all. i do not feel any market wallet is safe.i wish i could tell people that it is safe. but lets be realistic. i know we all have a choice and hopefully understand the risks and right now they seem like pretty fin great risks to me.
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 02:50:51 pmi have an account pending verification.their track record of actually following through and verifying account holders even though theyve had relevant documents is pretty poor and i suspect that right now, their customer service people are probably focussed on other things.i would strongly recommend you do nothing till your account is verified, if you do youll be doubling your risk...quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 02:50:51 pmand i personally think they will give the money back. just based on how catastrophic it would be if they didnt. and the fact they have claimed to have all the coins. and not giving them back at this point would make them look very very bad.theyve been making themselves look bad on a regular basis for as long as ive been into bitcoin, do you think any of that bothers mark karpeles? hes got a track record for saying "fuck you if you dont like it" to his customers, why should this situation be any different?
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmwhat i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?the only thing we have to go on are goxs statements now and goxs track record in the past.their track record is appalling, theyve fucked up too many times for many people to trust them.  their statements so far on this latest crisis reveal nothing other than their incompetence in technology and pr.will they re-open btc withdrawals again? your guess is as good as mine, this ultimately depends on whether it is, as a business, solvent. have they been scammed / hacked? or are they in turn, scamming us? theres alot of speculation that gox management and close friends are buying hundreds of cheap btc from gox customers, transferring them to other exchanges and selling, rinse, repeat, make millions of dollars.if you have usd already on gox theres some speculation that holding fiat on gox is better than holding btc if they are indeed insolvent. japans laws around insolvency are very strict and gox management are riesking criminal sanctions if they fuck around too badly.if youre thinking of transferring usd into gox, dont do it unless youve got an account theyve already "verified" with photo id / utility bills etc because youll never be able to get anything back otherwise.if you already have a verified account, then by all means transfer some cash in. you could make 4x your money, or more, if you are able to transfer the btc out to another exchange at some point in the future.you could lose it all if it turns out gox is insolvent / scammed / hacked / scamming.how much do you trust gox?keep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.(in true dirty harry style)do you feel lucky, punk?
hi there,just started using agora. havent ordered, but have deposited a tiny amount of btc, just as a test.ive been looking on agoras forum and there are several complaints about deposits not showing up, one person even complaining that he looked on the blockchain and saw his deposit to his agora wallet sent to another address (internal tumbling?), but never showing up in his agora wallet.in addition, these people are complaining of zero response from agora support.anyone had any similar experiences?edit: im not trying to diss agora: it actually looks like a very well run marketplace, im just exercising "due diligence" before i jump in and make a purchase.
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  until proof is provided that all the coins have been repaid and a plausable explanation given on why no support was available for months and how the coins actually disappeared. sr will forever be known as a scam or le honeypot site. sr should be avoided like the plague!! danger! danger will robinson!
quote from: trolltergeist on february 21, 2014, 07:40:44 amsr will consistently rape there customer base. we all know sr was not hacked. most of us know and some just do not want to believe. idiots.doesnt matter who took what at this point.its how much trust someone is willing to put into what is being said by admins.and fuck if that isnt totally up to personal interpretation but as ive learned, most of the "new members" on sr are not too good at interpreting things.
thats only accurate for one type of standarized transaction. you can assign outputs to all sorts of different things that dont just require proof of ownership of a private key whose public keys hash corresponds to a certain value. of course, good luck getting your wierdo transaction into the blockchain.
i just noticed gpg4usb is working in tails, i had it on a knoppix usb and stuck the usb in when tails was running and copied it across now i have pgp4usb on tails. its the latest version and the new tails 0.22.1 that came out the other week maybe they have it so it works on tails now while plugged in on a usb. either way im delighted i used to take a while using the one on tails. seahorsei think its called.
in the past i registered on drugsnbets. do you know if i have to register new or could i login with my old data?
the javascript will be a sticking point for you.
quote from: verto on february 16, 2014, 07:33:40 pmquote from: cooked on february 14, 2014, 07:58:53 amhello am i allowed to be a vendor on evolutioni think you should unban me from tcf regardsyou wont be getting unbanned from tcf - you had plenty enough warnings. you can join on evolution seeing you werent actually banned on tcf for scamming, but given your previous record on all other boards, i wont be surprised if you end up getting banned there also.actually, had no warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers, was not allowed. and the people i did call scammers, all ended up being what, scammers. its certainly a first that someone gets banned not for trolling, flaming, or spamming, but for calling people scammers. and, im not banned from any other board.
im over on agora, and theres like 3 complaints.im not worried. my deposits always show up within 30 minutes. some problems take forever to deal with cuz theyve grown exponentially in the past few weeks. ive only had to use customer service once, and it was dealt with in a few hours.but thats ok if some people dont trust agora - no single market can support everybody  agora, pandora, blue sky, tba ... theres room for all!
just to clarify im not a tard who is considering putting his life savings into mtgox.i have some coin in there currently and think it might be a good gamble to possibly buy some coins in the $200 range. i guess we will wait and see what happens. is there any eta on the next announcement? how long will they draw this out?
enki is on agora.profile: http://agorabasakxmewww.onion/vendor/enki#
i havent been on there because i lost the url post it again
ysas7uv4drg7rlwv.onioni have no idea how long it will be up. been days since ive checked it, im sure its like lord of the flies now, or maybe deliverance
quote from: turtletime on february 22, 2014, 11:33:28 pmquote from: pothead on february 22, 2014, 11:15:30 pmget the facts straight.. noone from cr said anything like that. as soon as we found we were hacked we shut the site.lolliar.no one lost coins because no one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website.do you want me to post your pms again, and the emails from the hackers?they told me as soon as it happened, and your site was still up with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance, so all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd me trying to convince me that everything was ok, and the hackers were lying, etc etcthe hackers sent me my goddamned username and withdrawl pin in clear fucking textyoure a clown.fuck guys! whats with this?? cant we debate like humans and keep a little bit of courtesy for each other in mind :/ @ turtletime, bro your doing yourself doing some bad pr work when you make statements like this. a people look at vendors character on these forums and decide if they can be trusted from what they have posted. just a bit of advise bro! happy profits
hi all, yresteday put 0.01btc for try and today dont appear..for you information.
sounds like the beginnings of some dodgy shenanigans at agora, unless theres a less suspicious reason for these funds being redirected.ive heard of many selective scams on the darknet and this is starting to sound like one of them.its quite a damning portrayal of humankind, that people, when given a chance, will steal from their fellow man rather than live alongside him (or her).i truly hope theres a reasonable explanation for these missing deposits, and that agora keeps its integrity, but in the face of the evidence ive seen im not 100% hopeful.** crossing fingers **
lol
yay!it took some effort, but after a mammoth surge of assfuckery darknet nation have entered the charts at no1 for new starter with most n00b fuckups!grats, guys!
https://pay.reddit.com/r/onions/comments/1yev3e/introducing_darknet_nation/apparently, after their clearnet ip was discovered, darknet nation decided they werent a marketplace after all.    which is good, since theyre hosted on amazon aws.   because if theres a dumber place to host a darknet marketplace than aws, im not aware of it.
agora has been working great for me too. no problems so far so good. any one know if they will be implementing a coin tumbler anytime soon? i think they definitely should.
does anyone know the email of enki from bmr?
i see that farmer1 and trava have set up their own shops at http://j7e3cdweprxfhfgn.onion and http://34j2fiy32xwuxsku.onion respectively.
no java i say, and thats a bad developer, and i smack em on da heyad.
same here. deposit 0,2. did not show up in wallet after days. blockchain says it has been sent to my wallet, then to another adress with more than 80 bitcoins. wtf?!also, no answer from support yet...i hope it is not lost. greetings
ive seen those also.. spread people spread!!! theres other good markets out there!  tor bazaar, the marketplace, outlaw, pandora, and so on... there not getting smased like a dirty whore in a crack motel like agora currently is!
mario you do always speak the truth !!   mario i got a question? are you really going to prison or is that joke in your sig? ;(
thank god !!! so tired of seeing everyone i know go down     ready to move on which i think we all are now he i dont see them taking you alive either ahah
you arent wrong! so ive set up a fresh copy on a partition, installed tor, truecrypt and pgp. are there any more security measures i can be taking? if it isnt too much hassle for someone could you try sending me an encryped email which i can reply to, just to get to grips with how it works? that would be much appreciated.is there a computer based email client i could use safely, such as thunderbird?thanks a lot.
the pirate market --> working properly and than expected for me!soon i will do my first order..        http://yjhzeedl5osagmmr.onion/index.php?s=register&referral=bardelas
sorry for the error, not an os x fanboy here. i prefer linux.
cant go wrong with farmer1he is reliable and a top notch pro never dealt with t but heard good things as well.two thumbs up
the cliché of this site almost makes me feel nausea
i like the concept and feel of the site. just work out the opsec issues
please read title
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmok i know the basics. mtgox got hacked or had some issue (i dont give a crap about the conspiracy theorys) and have now shut down withdrawls. what i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?avoid mt gox they are headed to insolvency. if you want to gamble,on a bitcoin forum i came across recently, people are selling their gox accounts.if the bank you used stopped allowing withdraws and wire transfers would you still deposit money there?i didnt think so.avoid at all costs. i hope i am wrong cause they have some of my coins.
quote from: enigmaticsmile on february 22, 2014, 01:17:26 amquote from: sexywax on february 21, 2014, 10:47:00 amsexywax approved.sexywax...that pic is wrong on so many levels... i agree @ sexywax your gonna give me nightmares now  lol just hope that pic isnt taken from your "good" side
i think enigmaticsmile meant which level of encryption and which app ! you will need the strongest key for best security, 4096bit.also most people encrypt their messages in a text editor then paste to where needed, mail, forum, pm etc.
quote from: gardener on february 22, 2014, 06:18:38 pmquote from: enigmaticsmile on february 22, 2014, 01:40:00 pmtry to keep your desktop or laptop clean. you can download tor and gpg to an external hd or usb.can gpg software be kept on an external drive that isnt an os like tails? i learned that, as it needs access to services, it has to be kept on the machine. this is why i encrypt my gpg software as well as my computer and never save any keys, but im always on the lookout for apps i can keep on a thumb drive. im going to read up on truecrypt.the usb version is all on the usb...take it with you where ever you go.....and its 4096
i just read on deepdotweb that oracle doxd the "hacker" and it was taken down within an hour, i didnt read it i knocked off my laptop straight away and boot tails to find out. any else hear that someone got doxd?
serious? i just seen it now a czech guy, if hes innocent i hope nothing happens him. wonder what happen the sheep guy thomas he was czech too, probably long gone with the cash
quote from: northwest nuggets on february 22, 2014, 04:04:01 amyou dont understand.  backopy didnt run the best marketplace in history.   everybody thought sr was better.  then everybody thought atlantis was better.  then everybody thought sheep was better.  backopy was the best darknet admin because he admitted his errors right away and he let us withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen.  some other admins in that same situation simply took the rest of our money and never came back.well im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace. the admin of the longest lasting market was busted because he 1) bragged about running a darknet market on the clearweb on an account connected to his personal email2) administrated the market from a library3) tried to hire assassins that were in fact copsnow i cant say this for sure, but i do not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. i believe he does things professionally. the way he presents himself and the way he handles things leads me to believe this.so, in my opinion, the market that was up the 2nd longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors on its own accord, was the best run marketplace.every market that is no longer around... lost peoples money. bmr is the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money.of course people will say another market is better but why do they think that? from what i have witnessed it is because the market is shiny or some other trivial aspect that has nothing to do with the function/security/quality of the market and everything to do with the persons immediate satisfaction.in my opinion bmr = best run marketplace/best overall marketplacelets keep the debate going
quote from: morgan geist on february 22, 2014, 05:37:41 amquote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 05:14:34 amwell im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace.bmr is older and ran longer than srwell there you go. i rest my case.
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:49:55 pmquote from: tyrone on february 21, 2014, 10:32:17 am2. incompetent fools unable to protect user funds.ill prefix what im about to say with: i hate sounding like im defending sr. im not. i am trying to get provoke more than a half-thought out of you people.if you call them incompetent fools unable to protect user funds, you are calling a lot of site owners this. ulbricht, the people who ran bitmit, and even backopy who ran what a lot of people call the best run marketplace in history. i dont see your market that is an impenetrable fortress. wheres it at?i know sr is probably a bunch of thieving cunts and all the shit talk is deserved, but a little bit of wisdom that i learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct is if the thought process leading to the correct conclusion is flawed or not. if its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came to the correct conclusion.you dont understand.  backopy didnt run the best marketplace in history.   everybody thought sr was better.  then everybody thought atlantis was better.  then everybody thought sheep was better.  backopy was the best darknet admin because he admitted his errors right away and he let us withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen.  some other admins in that same situation simply took the rest of our money and never came back.
im not using it until i see wallets payed back in full and take it from there, if its stopped withdrawels and is backing up full of coin im not going near it but running smooth if the coin is payed back i might but not before and probably not for a long time after. not a hope
quote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 05:14:34 amquote from: northwest nuggets on february 22, 2014, 04:04:01 amyou dont understand.  backopy didnt run the best marketplace in history.   everybody thought sr was better.  then everybody thought atlantis was better.  then everybody thought sheep was better.  backopy was the best darknet admin because he admitted his errors right away and he let us withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen.  some other admins in that same situation simply took the rest of our money and never came back.well im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace. the admin of the longest lasting market was busted because he 1) bragged about running a darknet market on the clearweb on an account connected to his personal email2) administrated the market from a library3) tried to hire assassins that were in fact copsnow i cant say this for sure, but i do not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. i believe he does things professionally. the way he presents himself and the way he handles things leads me to believe this.so, in my opinion, the market that was up the 2nd longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors on its own accord, was the best run marketplace.every market that is no longer around... lost peoples money. bmr is the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money.of course people will say another market is better but why do they think that? from what i have witnessed it is because the market is shiny or some other trivial aspect that has nothing to do with the function/security/quality of the market and everything to do with the persons immediate satisfaction.in my opinion bmr = best run marketplace/best overall marketplacelets keep the debate goingbmr is older and ran longer than sr
quote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 06:43:35 amquote from: morgan geist on february 22, 2014, 05:37:41 amquote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 05:14:34 amwell im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace.bmr is older and ran longer than srwell there you go. i rest my case.objection
well, i dont know. that is why i asked the question.what do they call it when you answer a question with a question?
what are the things the post office and dea look for to decide what packages to inspect closely? billions of packages and letters are sent every year so they obviously cant inspect each one. they do not have dogs sitting by the conveyor belt which has mail whizzing by. it just doesnt work that way, dogs get bored quickly when they dont detect what they are trained to sniff for. plus the length of time is not enough for a careful sniff.they look for certain things, one of those is a false return name and address. they have high speed scanners which can scan the to and from address of each piece of mail. they have computers that will check it against known addresses and can match it to the name associated with that address. this helps them avoid sending out mail and having to send it back when its misaddressed. but they can also spot a false return. they wont investigate solely because of that but it is a red flag.other things they look for are strong odors coming from the package, like coffee, perfume, etc. that is usually used to mask the odor of drugs. they also look for hand written labels. no one of those things are enough but a suspicious odor will usually make them look further and if it has a false return, they will then usually bring in the dog and present the package along with some other packages to see if the dog alerts. if it does, that is probable cause to get a warrant.when i send a package i always use a real name and address from the phone book. i print out the label so no hand written or typed labels which they look for. the goods have to be carefully packaged and if they have an odor, it must be put into mylar and well sealed. also i dont handle the package when i have handled product.i dont ask anyone to sign for the package, they can use that against you though its not solid proof. if they just drop it in your mailbox, wait a while before bringing it in. take a walk and check out whats going on in the area before bringing it in. if its not supposed to be signed for and they ask you to sign, refuse the package. or if its not supposed to be signed for but they knock on the door and present you with the package, that is very very suspicious. obviously if they knock and talk, say nothing except to deny you ordered anything.anyone have other tips?
a very good point, mirage. i would give you a +1 but i dont have enough posts yet. i do change my return addresses regularly and never go back to old ones.other tips to make your letter or package not stand out are:do not overly tape the outside of the package. this is another thing they look for. you can tape the inside and it will not show. make sure the contents dont rattle or shift around. if sending powders, put them inside multiple packaging to resist penetration. postal employees have been known to puncture a package to better sniff the contents.instead of using dryer sheets or other scented things to mask the odor, invest in mylar packaging to stop odor. another good thing to use is aluminum foil bags sealed with aluminum tape.
there are many other things i havent mentioned. for example, use gloves when handling goods, when packing, and when mailing. an alternative for using gloves when dropping your mail off is to put it in a plastic bag wearing gloves and then they can be slid from the bag directly into the blue box, no gloves needed at that point.try to not use the same box every time, mix it up a little. that is particularly true if you send out a lot of mail every day.tips for receiving mail1. do not order anything you have to sign for. that makes it too easy to set up a controlled delivery. 2. when you get your package, let it sit in the mailbox for a while before you take it in. dont be in such a rush, in fact its good to take a little walk to eyeball the neighborhood to spot suspicious vehicles, people loitering for no obvious reason, etc.3. after you get your mail, let it sit by the door a while unopened. if they bang on your door asking if you got anything you didnt expect to get, say yes and hand it over. if its unopened it makes you look innocent and adds support to your statement that you didnt order it.
layout is just horrible but it seems legit so far. mostly because there is no escrow and you deal directly with the vendors, depositing money onto their btc  address.
quote from: northwest nuggets on february 21, 2014, 02:33:51 amquote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  you seem like a really nice person and i hate the way people treat you over there.  please dont defend this as not being a scam unless you have better proof than the testimony of the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out on you even more than they do now.agreed, id +1 if i couldi think sr is a large question mark until all funds have been returned
whats the point?
quote from: sorrymario on february 22, 2014, 04:04:16 amysas7uv4drg7rlwv.onioni have no idea how long it will be up. been days since ive checked it, im sure its like lord of the flies now, or maybe deliverance  lol lord of the flies +1
for os x users needing a portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative to gpg4usb is portable pgp which you can download at this clearnet link - http://sourceforge.net/projects/ppgp/
quote from: sorrymario on february 14, 2014, 09:33:06 pmas the church lady would say,how conveeeeeeeeenient!:pquote from: brassballs on february 14, 2014, 09:01:24 pmwhyusheep2=defconbingo! give that man a cigarmy dick work
quote from: verto on february 16, 2014, 07:33:40 pmi wont be surprised if you end up getting banned there also.
i spam everyday and tried my ass off its just not worth it.
layout is just horrible but it seems legit so far. mostly because there is no escrow and you deal directly with the vendors, depositing money onto their btc  address.
the javascript will be a sticking point for you.
sounds like the beginnings of some dodgy shenanigans at agora, unless theres a less suspicious reason for these funds being redirected.ive heard of many selective scams on the darknet and this is starting to sound like one of them.its quite a damning portrayal of humankind, that people, when given a chance, will steal from their fellow man rather than live alongside him (or her).i truly hope theres a reasonable explanation for these missing deposits, and that agora keeps its integrity, but in the face of the evidence ive seen im not 100% hopeful.** crossing fingers **
hi all, yresteday put 0.01btc for try and today dont appear..for you information.
cant go wrong with farmer1he is reliable and a top notch pro never dealt with t but heard good things as well.two thumbs up
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmok i know the basics. mtgox got hacked or had some issue (i dont give a crap about the conspiracy theorys) and have now shut down withdrawls. what i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?avoid mt gox they are headed to insolvency. if you want to gamble,on a bitcoin forum i came across recently, people are selling their gox accounts.if the bank you used stopped allowing withdraws and wire transfers would you still deposit money there?i didnt think so.avoid at all costs. i hope i am wrong cause they have some of my coins.
whats the point?
quote from: sorrymario on february 22, 2014, 04:04:16 amysas7uv4drg7rlwv.onioni have no idea how long it will be up. been days since ive checked it, im sure its like lord of the flies now, or maybe deliverance  lol lord of the flies +1
enki is on agora.profile: http://agorabasakxmewww.onion/vendor/enki#
wow
time will tell and if history repeats itself perhaps things will become clearer. personally i am still yet to have an issue with sr and have experienced smooth sailing in all deposits, transactions and withdrawals since the relaunch. dont trust sr. dont leave funds in your account. use the marketplace for what it is, which when on form is a very well built market with a reliable set of vendors.
quote from: verto on february 16, 2014, 07:33:40 pmquote from: cooked on february 14, 2014, 07:58:53 amhello am i allowed to be a vendor on evolutioni think you should unban me from tcf regardsyou wont be getting unbanned from tcf - you had plenty enough warnings. you can join on evolution seeing you werent actually banned on tcf for scamming, but given your previous record on all other boards, i wont be surprised if you end up getting banned there also.actually, had no warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers, was not allowed. and the people i did call scammers, all ended up being what, scammers. its certainly a first that someone gets banned not for trolling, flaming, or spamming, but for calling people scammers. and, im not banned from any other board.
i think this is a great idea. customer protection without the risk of central escrow to the vendor or the responsibility of handling finances for the market.
pgp
im sorry, i am such a neewbie in regards of pgp, never really used it... so my key is the highest i could get from seahorse, an app in ubuntu, 4069bits. and also i have gnupg and thunderbird pgp add-on. so emailing works fine, i tested it already, now ill just practice using pgp with a text editor and sending pms here. my email and pgp key are totally new, created in tor system, nothing to connect me with my real identity.also i created a bitcoin wallet, paid in cash using an cashpoint thingy, and now i have the bitcoins in my wallet, how cool is that! it is an anonymous wallet, no email or identity needed. and no cameras in the bitcoin-mat place... !!!!after learning how to pgp pm ill contact vendors.i love this place, so friendly and helpful folks...
quote from: enigmaticsmile on february 22, 2014, 01:40:00 pmtry to keep your desktop or laptop clean. you can download tor and gpg to an external hd or usb.can gpg software be kept on an external drive that isnt an os like tails? i learned that, as it needs access to services, it has to be kept on the machine. this is why i encrypt my gpg software as well as my computer and never save any keys, but im always on the lookout for apps i can keep on a thumb drive. im going to read up on truecrypt.
the pirate market --> working properly and than expected for me!soon i will do my first order..        http://yjhzeedl5osagmmr.onion/index.php?s=register&referral=bardelas
i havent been on there because i lost the url post it again
i see that farmer1 and trava have set up their own shops at http://j7e3cdweprxfhfgn.onion and http://34j2fiy32xwuxsku.onion respectively.
quote from: turtletime on february 22, 2014, 11:33:28 pmquote from: pothead on february 22, 2014, 11:15:30 pmget the facts straight.. noone from cr said anything like that. as soon as we found we were hacked we shut the site.lolliar.no one lost coins because no one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website.do you want me to post your pms again, and the emails from the hackers?they told me as soon as it happened, and your site was still up with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance, so all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd me trying to convince me that everything was ok, and the hackers were lying, etc etcthe hackers sent me my goddamned username and withdrawl pin in clear fucking textyoure a clown.fuck guys! whats with this?? cant we debate like humans and keep a little bit of courtesy for each other in mind :/ @ turtletime, bro your doing yourself doing some bad pr work when you make statements like this. a people look at vendors character on these forums and decide if they can be trusted from what they have posted. just a bit of advise bro! happy profits
for os x users needing a portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative to gpg4usb is portable pgp which you can download at this clearnet link - http://sourceforge.net/projects/ppgp/
i2p and tor also have portable versions.you can load up a thumb drive with portable pgp, thunderbird, enigmail, torbirdy, tor, i2p, tbb and have everything you need all in one location.use truecrypt portable to encrypt most of the drive and keep a section unencrypted so you can run truecrypt off it.i know this is all possible for windows. which is who this will probably be most useful for.i guess at some point though, you should just use tails, since it has all the above built in, and more.people need to get away from ms and apple and get debian though
wow
thank god !!! so tired of seeing everyone i know go down     ready to move on which i think we all are now he i dont see them taking you alive either ahah
mario you do always speak the truth !!   mario i got a question? are you really going to prison or is that joke in your sig? ;(
ive seen those also.. spread people spread!!! theres other good markets out there!  tor bazaar, the marketplace, outlaw, pandora, and so on... there not getting smased like a dirty whore in a crack motel like agora currently is!
same here. deposit 0,2. did not show up in wallet after days. blockchain says it has been sent to my wallet, then to another adress with more than 80 bitcoins. wtf?!also, no answer from support yet...i hope it is not lost. greetings
quote from: verto on february 16, 2014, 07:33:40 pmquote from: cooked on february 14, 2014, 07:58:53 amhello am i allowed to be a vendor on evolutioni think you should unban me from tcf regardsyou wont be getting unbanned from tcf - you had plenty enough warnings. you can join on evolution seeing you werent actually banned on tcf for scamming, but given your previous record on all other boards, i wont be surprised if you end up getting banned there also.actually, had no warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers, was not allowed. and the people i did call scammers, all ended up being what, scammers. its certainly a first that someone gets banned not for trolling, flaming, or spamming, but for calling people scammers. and, im not banned from any other board.
agora has been working great for me too. no problems so far so good. any one know if they will be implementing a coin tumbler anytime soon? i think they definitely should.
time will tell and if history repeats itself perhaps things will become clearer. personally i am still yet to have an issue with sr and have experienced smooth sailing in all deposits, transactions and withdrawals since the relaunch. dont trust sr. dont leave funds in your account. use the marketplace for what it is, which when on form is a very well built market with a reliable set of vendors.
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... youre a liar, and everyone knows it.hugs and kissesxoxoxoxox8-)scammer
enki is on agora.profile: http://agorabasakxmewww.onion/vendor/enki#
i2p and tor also have portable versions.you can load up a thumb drive with portable pgp, thunderbird, enigmail, torbirdy, tor, i2p, tbb and have everything you need all in one location.use truecrypt portable to encrypt most of the drive and keep a section unencrypted so you can run truecrypt off it.i know this is all possible for windows. which is who this will probably be most useful for.i guess at some point though, you should just use tails, since it has all the above built in, and more.people need to get away from ms and apple and get debian though
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmok i know the basics. mtgox got hacked or had some issue (i dont give a crap about the conspiracy theorys) and have now shut down withdrawls. what i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?avoid mt gox they are headed to insolvency. if you want to gamble,on a bitcoin forum i came across recently, people are selling their gox accounts.if the bank you used stopped allowing withdraws and wire transfers would you still deposit money there?i didnt think so.avoid at all costs. i hope i am wrong cause they have some of my coins.
please read title
quote from: pothead on february 19, 2014, 10:23:00 pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt sr be considered a scam marketplace?or do they get a pass because they help fund this forum?what is the difference between that and cannabis road putting vendors at risk by knowingly being completely insecure.when a hacker tells you "i have your database" and you say "nuh uh, shhhh, dont tell anyone", that makes you a piece of shit and just as bad as any scammer.
quote from: pothead on february 22, 2014, 11:15:30 pmget the facts straight.. noone from cr said anything like that. as soon as we found we were hacked we shut the site.lolliar.no one lost coins because no one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website.do you want me to post your pms again, and the emails from the hackers?they told me as soon as it happened, and your site was still up with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance, so all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd me trying to convince me that everything was ok, and the hackers were lying, etc etcthe hackers sent me my goddamned username and withdrawl pin in clear fucking textyoure a clown.
get the facts straight.. noone from cr said anything like that. as soon as we found we were hacked we shut the site.anyone lose coins we like to hear how
just to clarify im not a tard who is considering putting his life savings into mtgox.i have some coin in there currently and think it might be a good gamble to possibly buy some coins in the $200 range. i guess we will wait and see what happens. is there any eta on the next announcement? how long will they draw this out?
quote from: sorrymario on february 22, 2014, 04:04:16 amysas7uv4drg7rlwv.onioni have no idea how long it will be up. been days since ive checked it, im sure its like lord of the flies now, or maybe deliverance  lol lord of the flies +1
theyll never take me alive lol.naw, i just plan to have an attorney on retainer that i can bend his ear about the legalities of certain things that shall remain secret
no java i say, and thats a bad developer, and i smack em on da heyad.
i see that farmer1 and trava have set up their own shops at http://j7e3cdweprxfhfgn.onion and http://34j2fiy32xwuxsku.onion respectively.
the pirate market --> working properly and than expected for me!soon i will do my first order..        http://yjhzeedl5osagmmr.onion/index.php?s=register&referral=bardelas
i just noticed gpg4usb is working in tails, i had it on a knoppix usb and stuck the usb in when tails was running and copied it across now i have pgp4usb on tails. its the latest version and the new tails 0.22.1 that came out the other week maybe they have it so it works on tails now while plugged in on a usb. either way im delighted i used to take a while using the one on tails. seahorsei think its called.
cant go wrong with farmer1he is reliable and a top notch pro never dealt with t but heard good things as well.two thumbs up
quote from: mirage on february 22, 2014, 01:05:01 amto cross-post from an sr post i made a couple months back in the "shipping" forum:"attn: vendors! please read! recycling return addys!!!"http://silkroad5v7dywlc.onion/index.php?topic=10900nearly 2 years ago, on the old forums, as a former vendor, using a different nym, i ranted at times about the potential of snail-mail itself being tracked, and the impact that could potentially have on a business model such as ours…and my rants seemed at times to fall on deaf ears.what first led me to consider this possibility were confirmations that alphabet soup had for over 7 years been (hiding from the public) that they were tracking all license plates, and the movements/locations of all cars in washington d.c (and other cities) at all times, using a network of cameras positioned throughout the city..for example:study: government tracking movement of every vehicle with license platehttp://washington.cbslocal.com/2013/07/17/government-tracking-movement-of-every-vehicle-with-license-plate/and more importantly, that the technology they were using was based on tech the usps had developed and been using for many, many years prior, to track mail. whether for surveillance purposes, or simply for proper delivery purposes, is irrelevant. they were using technology, based on what the usps had been using for years, to track unknowing us citizens.and recent articles have since proven this theory correct; that the nsa surveillance program includes tracking not only cell phone, internet, location, and electronic communications/metadata, but usps snailmail as well…u.s. postal service logging all mail for law enforcementhttp://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/04/us/monitoring-of-snail-mail.html?pagewanted=all&_r=2&report: postal service uses "spying" programs similar to nsahttp://www.cbsnews.com/news/report-postal-service-uses-spying-programs-similar-to-nsa/snail mail spy: u.s. postal service active partner with feds for surveillancehttp://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jul/4/snail-mail-spy-us-postal-service-active-partner-fe/a picture of each side of each and every envelope or package sent thru usps is taken in the process of its delivery to the intended recipient.now, i have always said that all vendors should just assume that "at least" one or more of their products was purchased by the dea, posing as a buyer. for obvious reasons; to (hopefully) collect fingerprint/handwriting samples, ect, and to at the very least know which city/county/state said vendor is shipping, and most likely, operating from.and now the dea has a record of (at least) one return address said vendor used in the process.so....it is common understanding that return addys should either (besides being printed and not (at least "always") be handwritten, that;a: use a fake name or fake "home business" type name, with a real address, preferably from a local apartment complex (with the apartment/unit # omitted), as to not unintentionally get someone else (who might be a friend/ally) in trouble. or…b. use the name/addy of a small, local retail store, which one could safely assume is not likely involved in illegal activities, and using their name/addy shouldnt unwittingly compromise anyones freedom.although the feds are well aware the majority of vendors use a fake return addy, this has not always been the case, as the recent busts of those sr vendors/doctors in the boston area (i believe?) prove. they used a po box registered using their real world credentials as a return address!? really??!!regardless, a mistake i truly hope never to see repeated again. what im getting at is, in my opinion, i feel until a long-term trust has been built with a specific customer, a vendor should always use a brand new return address for each and every letter/package they send out. yes, this is an extra, tedious, time-consuming process. but its nothing a phone book, the internet, and a osx program like "snailmail" wont make much easier to accomplish. because remember? assume (at least) one of your packages was indeed ordered by the feds. and contained a return address. a return address that is now flagged in the usps system, and in the future could be used to track your packages if used again, to identify your customers, and even compromise your own safety by allowing them to narrow down the (hopefully) various, multiple drops you use.and many articles referenced that the feds did indeed pose as buyers to collect such data before the fall of sr1.0. so this is now fact, and beyond theory at this point.and i feel, personally, it is your "responsibility" as a vendor to take this extra precaution until a certain level of trust has been built with individual customers, at which point you are free to consider recycling return addresses, as it were…or so a little bird told me...peacemirage                                                                   +1
the cliché of this site almost makes me feel nausea
i like the concept and feel of the site. just work out the opsec issues
whats the point?
does anyone know the email of enki from bmr?
quote from: northwest nuggets on february 21, 2014, 02:33:51 amquote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  you seem like a really nice person and i hate the way people treat you over there.  please dont defend this as not being a scam unless you have better proof than the testimony of the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out on you even more than they do now.agreed, id +1 if i couldi think sr is a large question mark until all funds have been returned
well, i dont know. that is why i asked the question.what do they call it when you answer a question with a question?
layout is just horrible but it seems legit so far. mostly because there is no escrow and you deal directly with the vendors, depositing money onto their btc  address.
in the past i registered on drugsnbets. do you know if i have to register new or could i login with my old data?
i spam everyday and tried my ass off its just not worth it.
ysas7uv4drg7rlwv.onioni have no idea how long it will be up. been days since ive checked it, im sure its like lord of the flies now, or maybe deliverance
quote from: verto on february 16, 2014, 07:33:40 pmi wont be surprised if you end up getting banned there also.
im over on agora, and theres like 3 complaints.im not worried. my deposits always show up within 30 minutes. some problems take forever to deal with cuz theyve grown exponentially in the past few weeks. ive only had to use customer service once, and it was dealt with in a few hours.but thats ok if some people dont trust agora - no single market can support everybody  agora, pandora, blue sky, tba ... theres room for all!
i havent been on there because i lost the url post it again
have you seen the layout at blackbank market? very professional look to it and the marketplace offers multi-sig escrow. i havent had a chance to test the escrow system yet but im looking forward to it.
enki is on agora.profile: http://agorabasakxmewww.onion/vendor/enki#
does anyone know the email of enki from bmr?
quote from: verto on february 16, 2014, 07:33:40 pmquote from: cooked on february 14, 2014, 07:58:53 amhello am i allowed to be a vendor on evolutioni think you should unban me from tcf regardsyou wont be getting unbanned from tcf - you had plenty enough warnings. you can join on evolution seeing you werent actually banned on tcf for scamming, but given your previous record on all other boards, i wont be surprised if you end up getting banned there also.actually, had no warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers, was not allowed. and the people i did call scammers, all ended up being what, scammers. its certainly a first that someone gets banned not for trolling, flaming, or spamming, but for calling people scammers. and, im not banned from any other board.
i think enigmaticsmile meant which level of encryption and which app ! you will need the strongest key for best security, 4096bit.also most people encrypt their messages in a text editor then paste to where needed, mail, forum, pm etc.
i havent been on there because i lost the url post it again
the pirate market --> working properly and than expected for me!soon i will do my first order..        http://yjhzeedl5osagmmr.onion/index.php?s=register&referral=bardelas
pgp
im sorry, i am such a neewbie in regards of pgp, never really used it... so my key is the highest i could get from seahorse, an app in ubuntu, 4069bits. and also i have gnupg and thunderbird pgp add-on. so emailing works fine, i tested it already, now ill just practice using pgp with a text editor and sending pms here. my email and pgp key are totally new, created in tor system, nothing to connect me with my real identity.also i created a bitcoin wallet, paid in cash using an cashpoint thingy, and now i have the bitcoins in my wallet, how cool is that! it is an anonymous wallet, no email or identity needed. and no cameras in the bitcoin-mat place... !!!!after learning how to pgp pm ill contact vendors.i love this place, so friendly and helpful folks...
quote from: enigmaticsmile on february 22, 2014, 01:40:00 pmtry to keep your desktop or laptop clean. you can download tor and gpg to an external hd or usb.can gpg software be kept on an external drive that isnt an os like tails? i learned that, as it needs access to services, it has to be kept on the machine. this is why i encrypt my gpg software as well as my computer and never save any keys, but im always on the lookout for apps i can keep on a thumb drive. im going to read up on truecrypt.
time will tell and if history repeats itself perhaps things will become clearer. personally i am still yet to have an issue with sr and have experienced smooth sailing in all deposits, transactions and withdrawals since the relaunch. dont trust sr. dont leave funds in your account. use the marketplace for what it is, which when on form is a very well built market with a reliable set of vendors.
i see that farmer1 and trava have set up their own shops at http://j7e3cdweprxfhfgn.onion and http://34j2fiy32xwuxsku.onion respectively.
quote from: barter on february 22, 2014, 01:20:09 ami just read on deepdotweb that oracle doxd the "hacker" and it was taken down within an hour, i didnt read it i knocked off my laptop straight away and boot tails to find out. any else hear that someone got doxd?nope. oracle doxxed some random person that had nothing to do with sr2.
quote from: turtletime on february 22, 2014, 11:33:28 pmquote from: pothead on february 22, 2014, 11:15:30 pmget the facts straight.. noone from cr said anything like that. as soon as we found we were hacked we shut the site.lolliar.no one lost coins because no one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website.do you want me to post your pms again, and the emails from the hackers?they told me as soon as it happened, and your site was still up with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance, so all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd me trying to convince me that everything was ok, and the hackers were lying, etc etcthe hackers sent me my goddamned username and withdrawl pin in clear fucking textyoure a clown.fuck guys! whats with this?? cant we debate like humans and keep a little bit of courtesy for each other in mind :/ @ turtletime, bro your doing yourself doing some bad pr work when you make statements like this. a people look at vendors character on these forums and decide if they can be trusted from what they have posted. just a bit of advise bro! happy profits
you arent wrong! so ive set up a fresh copy on a partition, installed tor, truecrypt and pgp. are there any more security measures i can be taking? if it isnt too much hassle for someone could you try sending me an encryped email which i can reply to, just to get to grips with how it works? that would be much appreciated.is there a computer based email client i could use safely, such as thunderbird?thanks a lot.
i am having the same problem with safe-mail.net and thunderbird. i am using thunderbird and gpg4win and cant seem to get it to work. i need to find a safe email address that is anomymous. any help appericated.thanks
have you seen the layout at blackbank market? very professional look to it and the marketplace offers multi-sig escrow. i havent had a chance to test the escrow system yet but im looking forward to it.
i spam everyday and tried my ass off its just not worth it.
get the facts straight.. noone from cr said anything like that. as soon as we found we were hacked we shut the site.anyone lose coins we like to hear how
quote from: pothead on february 22, 2014, 11:15:30 pmget the facts straight.. noone from cr said anything like that. as soon as we found we were hacked we shut the site.lolliar.no one lost coins because no one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website.do you want me to post your pms again, and the emails from the hackers?they told me as soon as it happened, and your site was still up with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance, so all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd me trying to convince me that everything was ok, and the hackers were lying, etc etcthe hackers sent me my goddamned username and withdrawl pin in clear fucking textyoure a clown.
quote from: pothead on february 19, 2014, 10:23:00 pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt sr be considered a scam marketplace?or do they get a pass because they help fund this forum?what is the difference between that and cannabis road putting vendors at risk by knowingly being completely insecure.when a hacker tells you "i have your database" and you say "nuh uh, shhhh, dont tell anyone", that makes you a piece of shit and just as bad as any scammer.
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... youre a liar, and everyone knows it.hugs and kissesxoxoxoxox8-)scammer
cant go wrong with farmer1he is reliable and a top notch pro never dealt with t but heard good things as well.two thumbs up
have you seen the layout at blackbank market? very professional look to it and the marketplace offers multi-sig escrow. i havent had a chance to test the escrow system yet but im looking forward to it.
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... youre a liar, and everyone knows it.hugs and kissesxoxoxoxox8-)scammer
quote from: mirage on february 22, 2014, 01:05:01 amto cross-post from an sr post i made a couple months back in the "shipping" forum:"attn: vendors! please read! recycling return addys!!!"http://silkroad5v7dywlc.onion/index.php?topic=10900nearly 2 years ago, on the old forums, as a former vendor, using a different nym, i ranted at times about the potential of snail-mail itself being tracked, and the impact that could potentially have on a business model such as ours…and my rants seemed at times to fall on deaf ears.what first led me to consider this possibility were confirmations that alphabet soup had for over 7 years been (hiding from the public) that they were tracking all license plates, and the movements/locations of all cars in washington d.c (and other cities) at all times, using a network of cameras positioned throughout the city..for example:study: government tracking movement of every vehicle with license platehttp://washington.cbslocal.com/2013/07/17/government-tracking-movement-of-every-vehicle-with-license-plate/and more importantly, that the technology they were using was based on tech the usps had developed and been using for many, many years prior, to track mail. whether for surveillance purposes, or simply for proper delivery purposes, is irrelevant. they were using technology, based on what the usps had been using for years, to track unknowing us citizens.and recent articles have since proven this theory correct; that the nsa surveillance program includes tracking not only cell phone, internet, location, and electronic communications/metadata, but usps snailmail as well…u.s. postal service logging all mail for law enforcementhttp://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/04/us/monitoring-of-snail-mail.html?pagewanted=all&_r=2&report: postal service uses "spying" programs similar to nsahttp://www.cbsnews.com/news/report-postal-service-uses-spying-programs-similar-to-nsa/snail mail spy: u.s. postal service active partner with feds for surveillancehttp://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jul/4/snail-mail-spy-us-postal-service-active-partner-fe/a picture of each side of each and every envelope or package sent thru usps is taken in the process of its delivery to the intended recipient.now, i have always said that all vendors should just assume that "at least" one or more of their products was purchased by the dea, posing as a buyer. for obvious reasons; to (hopefully) collect fingerprint/handwriting samples, ect, and to at the very least know which city/county/state said vendor is shipping, and most likely, operating from.and now the dea has a record of (at least) one return address said vendor used in the process.so....it is common understanding that return addys should either (besides being printed and not (at least "always") be handwritten, that;a: use a fake name or fake "home business" type name, with a real address, preferably from a local apartment complex (with the apartment/unit # omitted), as to not unintentionally get someone else (who might be a friend/ally) in trouble. or…b. use the name/addy of a small, local retail store, which one could safely assume is not likely involved in illegal activities, and using their name/addy shouldnt unwittingly compromise anyones freedom.although the feds are well aware the majority of vendors use a fake return addy, this has not always been the case, as the recent busts of those sr vendors/doctors in the boston area (i believe?) prove. they used a po box registered using their real world credentials as a return address!? really??!!regardless, a mistake i truly hope never to see repeated again. what im getting at is, in my opinion, i feel until a long-term trust has been built with a specific customer, a vendor should always use a brand new return address for each and every letter/package they send out. yes, this is an extra, tedious, time-consuming process. but its nothing a phone book, the internet, and a osx program like "snailmail" wont make much easier to accomplish. because remember? assume (at least) one of your packages was indeed ordered by the feds. and contained a return address. a return address that is now flagged in the usps system, and in the future could be used to track your packages if used again, to identify your customers, and even compromise your own safety by allowing them to narrow down the (hopefully) various, multiple drops you use.and many articles referenced that the feds did indeed pose as buyers to collect such data before the fall of sr1.0. so this is now fact, and beyond theory at this point.and i feel, personally, it is your "responsibility" as a vendor to take this extra precaution until a certain level of trust has been built with individual customers, at which point you are free to consider recycling return addresses, as it were…or so a little bird told me...peacemirage                                                                   +1
i am having the same problem with safe-mail.net and thunderbird. i am using thunderbird and gpg4win and cant seem to get it to work. i need to find a safe email address that is anomymous. any help appericated.thanks
quote from: pothead on february 19, 2014, 10:23:00 pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt sr be considered a scam marketplace?or do they get a pass because they help fund this forum?what is the difference between that and cannabis road putting vendors at risk by knowingly being completely insecure.when a hacker tells you "i have your database" and you say "nuh uh, shhhh, dont tell anyone", that makes you a piece of shit and just as bad as any scammer.
i2p and tor also have portable versions.you can load up a thumb drive with portable pgp, thunderbird, enigmail, torbirdy, tor, i2p, tbb and have everything you need all in one location.use truecrypt portable to encrypt most of the drive and keep a section unencrypted so you can run truecrypt off it.i know this is all possible for windows. which is who this will probably be most useful for.i guess at some point though, you should just use tails, since it has all the above built in, and more.people need to get away from ms and apple and get debian though
time will tell and if history repeats itself perhaps things will become clearer. personally i am still yet to have an issue with sr and have experienced smooth sailing in all deposits, transactions and withdrawals since the relaunch. dont trust sr. dont leave funds in your account. use the marketplace for what it is, which when on form is a very well built market with a reliable set of vendors.
theyll never take me alive lol.naw, i just plan to have an attorney on retainer that i can bend his ear about the legalities of certain things that shall remain secret
wow
quote from: pothead on february 22, 2014, 11:15:30 pmget the facts straight.. noone from cr said anything like that. as soon as we found we were hacked we shut the site.lolliar.no one lost coins because no one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website.do you want me to post your pms again, and the emails from the hackers?they told me as soon as it happened, and your site was still up with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance, so all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd me trying to convince me that everything was ok, and the hackers were lying, etc etcthe hackers sent me my goddamned username and withdrawl pin in clear fucking textyoure a clown.
get the facts straight.. noone from cr said anything like that. as soon as we found we were hacked we shut the site.anyone lose coins we like to hear how
i think this is a great idea. customer protection without the risk of central escrow to the vendor or the responsibility of handling finances for the market.
thanks buddy, so kind of you!
pgp
im sorry, i am such a neewbie in regards of pgp, never really used it... so my key is the highest i could get from seahorse, an app in ubuntu, 4069bits. and also i have gnupg and thunderbird pgp add-on. so emailing works fine, i tested it already, now ill just practice using pgp with a text editor and sending pms here. my email and pgp key are totally new, created in tor system, nothing to connect me with my real identity.also i created a bitcoin wallet, paid in cash using an cashpoint thingy, and now i have the bitcoins in my wallet, how cool is that! it is an anonymous wallet, no email or identity needed. and no cameras in the bitcoin-mat place... !!!!after learning how to pgp pm ill contact vendors.i love this place, so friendly and helpful folks...
quote from: enigmaticsmile on february 22, 2014, 01:40:00 pmtry to keep your desktop or laptop clean. you can download tor and gpg to an external hd or usb.can gpg software be kept on an external drive that isnt an os like tails? i learned that, as it needs access to services, it has to be kept on the machine. this is why i encrypt my gpg software as well as my computer and never save any keys, but im always on the lookout for apps i can keep on a thumb drive. im going to read up on truecrypt.
quote from: barter on february 22, 2014, 01:20:09 ami just read on deepdotweb that oracle doxd the "hacker" and it was taken down within an hour, i didnt read it i knocked off my laptop straight away and boot tails to find out. any else hear that someone got doxd?nope. oracle doxxed some random person that had nothing to do with sr2.
i just noticed gpg4usb is working in tails, i had it on a knoppix usb and stuck the usb in when tails was running and copied it across now i have pgp4usb on tails. its the latest version and the new tails 0.22.1 that came out the other week maybe they have it so it works on tails now while plugged in on a usb. either way im delighted i used to take a while using the one on tails. seahorsei think its called.
in the past i registered on drugsnbets. do you know if i have to register new or could i login with my old data?
the javascript will be a sticking point for you.
quote from: verto on february 16, 2014, 07:33:40 pmquote from: cooked on february 14, 2014, 07:58:53 amhello am i allowed to be a vendor on evolutioni think you should unban me from tcf regardsyou wont be getting unbanned from tcf - you had plenty enough warnings. you can join on evolution seeing you werent actually banned on tcf for scamming, but given your previous record on all other boards, i wont be surprised if you end up getting banned there also.actually, had no warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers, was not allowed. and the people i did call scammers, all ended up being what, scammers. its certainly a first that someone gets banned not for trolling, flaming, or spamming, but for calling people scammers. and, im not banned from any other board.
im over on agora, and theres like 3 complaints.im not worried. my deposits always show up within 30 minutes. some problems take forever to deal with cuz theyve grown exponentially in the past few weeks. ive only had to use customer service once, and it was dealt with in a few hours.but thats ok if some people dont trust agora - no single market can support everybody  agora, pandora, blue sky, tba ... theres room for all!
just to clarify im not a tard who is considering putting his life savings into mtgox.i have some coin in there currently and think it might be a good gamble to possibly buy some coins in the $200 range. i guess we will wait and see what happens. is there any eta on the next announcement? how long will they draw this out?
enki is on agora.profile: http://agorabasakxmewww.onion/vendor/enki#
the javascript will be a sticking point for you.
im not using it until i see wallets payed back in full and take it from there, if its stopped withdrawels and is backing up full of coin im not going near it but running smooth if the coin is payed back i might but not before and probably not for a long time after. not a hope
i just read on deepdotweb that oracle doxd the "hacker" and it was taken down within an hour, i didnt read it i knocked off my laptop straight away and boot tails to find out. any else hear that someone got doxd?
serious? i just seen it now a czech guy, if hes innocent i hope nothing happens him. wonder what happen the sheep guy thomas he was czech too, probably long gone with the cash
quote from: northwest nuggets on february 22, 2014, 04:04:01 amyou dont understand.  backopy didnt run the best marketplace in history.   everybody thought sr was better.  then everybody thought atlantis was better.  then everybody thought sheep was better.  backopy was the best darknet admin because he admitted his errors right away and he let us withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen.  some other admins in that same situation simply took the rest of our money and never came back.well im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace. the admin of the longest lasting market was busted because he 1) bragged about running a darknet market on the clearweb on an account connected to his personal email2) administrated the market from a library3) tried to hire assassins that were in fact copsnow i cant say this for sure, but i do not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. i believe he does things professionally. the way he presents himself and the way he handles things leads me to believe this.so, in my opinion, the market that was up the 2nd longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors on its own accord, was the best run marketplace.every market that is no longer around... lost peoples money. bmr is the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money.of course people will say another market is better but why do they think that? from what i have witnessed it is because the market is shiny or some other trivial aspect that has nothing to do with the function/security/quality of the market and everything to do with the persons immediate satisfaction.in my opinion bmr = best run marketplace/best overall marketplacelets keep the debate going
quote from: morgan geist on february 22, 2014, 05:37:41 amquote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 05:14:34 amwell im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace.bmr is older and ran longer than srwell there you go. i rest my case.
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:49:55 pmquote from: tyrone on february 21, 2014, 10:32:17 am2. incompetent fools unable to protect user funds.ill prefix what im about to say with: i hate sounding like im defending sr. im not. i am trying to get provoke more than a half-thought out of you people.if you call them incompetent fools unable to protect user funds, you are calling a lot of site owners this. ulbricht, the people who ran bitmit, and even backopy who ran what a lot of people call the best run marketplace in history. i dont see your market that is an impenetrable fortress. wheres it at?i know sr is probably a bunch of thieving cunts and all the shit talk is deserved, but a little bit of wisdom that i learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct is if the thought process leading to the correct conclusion is flawed or not. if its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came to the correct conclusion.you dont understand.  backopy didnt run the best marketplace in history.   everybody thought sr was better.  then everybody thought atlantis was better.  then everybody thought sheep was better.  backopy was the best darknet admin because he admitted his errors right away and he let us withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen.  some other admins in that same situation simply took the rest of our money and never came back.
quote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 05:14:34 amquote from: northwest nuggets on february 22, 2014, 04:04:01 amyou dont understand.  backopy didnt run the best marketplace in history.   everybody thought sr was better.  then everybody thought atlantis was better.  then everybody thought sheep was better.  backopy was the best darknet admin because he admitted his errors right away and he let us withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen.  some other admins in that same situation simply took the rest of our money and never came back.well im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace. the admin of the longest lasting market was busted because he 1) bragged about running a darknet market on the clearweb on an account connected to his personal email2) administrated the market from a library3) tried to hire assassins that were in fact copsnow i cant say this for sure, but i do not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. i believe he does things professionally. the way he presents himself and the way he handles things leads me to believe this.so, in my opinion, the market that was up the 2nd longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors on its own accord, was the best run marketplace.every market that is no longer around... lost peoples money. bmr is the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money.of course people will say another market is better but why do they think that? from what i have witnessed it is because the market is shiny or some other trivial aspect that has nothing to do with the function/security/quality of the market and everything to do with the persons immediate satisfaction.in my opinion bmr = best run marketplace/best overall marketplacelets keep the debate goingbmr is older and ran longer than sr
quote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 06:43:35 amquote from: morgan geist on february 22, 2014, 05:37:41 amquote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 05:14:34 amwell im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace.bmr is older and ran longer than srwell there you go. i rest my case.objection
hi all, yresteday put 0.01btc for try and today dont appear..for you information.
sounds like the beginnings of some dodgy shenanigans at agora, unless theres a less suspicious reason for these funds being redirected.ive heard of many selective scams on the darknet and this is starting to sound like one of them.its quite a damning portrayal of humankind, that people, when given a chance, will steal from their fellow man rather than live alongside him (or her).i truly hope theres a reasonable explanation for these missing deposits, and that agora keeps its integrity, but in the face of the evidence ive seen im not 100% hopeful.** crossing fingers **
quote from: turtletime on february 22, 2014, 11:33:28 pmquote from: pothead on february 22, 2014, 11:15:30 pmget the facts straight.. noone from cr said anything like that. as soon as we found we were hacked we shut the site.lolliar.no one lost coins because no one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website.do you want me to post your pms again, and the emails from the hackers?they told me as soon as it happened, and your site was still up with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance, so all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd me trying to convince me that everything was ok, and the hackers were lying, etc etcthe hackers sent me my goddamned username and withdrawl pin in clear fucking textyoure a clown.fuck guys! whats with this?? cant we debate like humans and keep a little bit of courtesy for each other in mind :/ @ turtletime, bro your doing yourself doing some bad pr work when you make statements like this. a people look at vendors character on these forums and decide if they can be trusted from what they have posted. just a bit of advise bro! happy profits
quote from: sorrymario on february 14, 2014, 09:33:06 pmas the church lady would say,how conveeeeeeeeenient!:pquote from: brassballs on february 14, 2014, 09:01:24 pmwhyusheep2=defconbingo! give that man a cigarmy dick work
quote from: barter on february 22, 2014, 01:20:09 ami just read on deepdotweb that oracle doxd the "hacker" and it was taken down within an hour, i didnt read it i knocked off my laptop straight away and boot tails to find out. any else hear that someone got doxd?nope. oracle doxxed some random person that had nothing to do with sr2.
lol
i think this is a great idea. customer protection without the risk of central escrow to the vendor or the responsibility of handling finances for the market.
i'm sorry, i am such a neewbie in regards of pgp, never really used it... so my key is the highest i could get from seahorse, an app in ubuntu, 4069bits. and also i have gnupg and thunderbird pgp add-on. so emailing works fine, i tested it already, now i'll just practice using pgp with a text editor and sending pm's here. my email and pgp key are totally new, created in tor system, nothing to connect me with my real identity.also i created a bitcoin wallet, paid in cash using an cashpoint thingy, and now i have the bitcoins in my wallet, how cool is that! it is an anonymous wallet, no email or identity needed. and no cameras in the bitcoin-mat place... !!!!after learning how to pgp pm i'll contact vendors.i love this place, so friendly and helpful folks...
quote from: enigmaticsmile on february 22, 2014, 01:40:00 pmtry to keep your desktop or laptop clean. you can download tor and gpg to an external hd or usb.can gpg software be kept on an external drive that isn't an os like tails? i learned that, as it needs access to services, it has to be kept on the machine. this is why i encrypt my gpg software as well as my computer and never save any keys, but i'm always on the lookout for apps i can keep on a thumb drive. i'm going to read up on truecrypt.
sent you a pm back good advice from dmt, you should keep it in mind.drw
pgp
quote from: enigmaticsmile on february 22, 2014, 01:17:26 amquote from: sexywax on february 21, 2014, 10:47:00 amsexywax approved.sexywax...that pic is wrong on so many levels... i agree @ sexywax your gonna give me nightmares now  lol just hope that pic isn't taken from your "good" side
i think enigmaticsmile meant which level of encryption and which app ! you will need the strongest key for best security, 4096bit.also most people encrypt their messages in a text editor then paste to where needed, mail, forum, pm etc.
quote from: gardener on february 22, 2014, 06:18:38 pmquote from: enigmaticsmile on february 22, 2014, 01:40:00 pmtry to keep your desktop or laptop clean. you can download tor and gpg to an external hd or usb.can gpg software be kept on an external drive that isn't an os like tails? i learned that, as it needs access to services, it has to be kept on the machine. this is why i encrypt my gpg software as well as my computer and never save any keys, but i'm always on the lookout for apps i can keep on a thumb drive. i'm going to read up on truecrypt.the usb version is all on the usb...take it with you where ever you go.....and its 4096
hey ragnarr. pgp and gpg is more or less the same, both to do with encryption. here is a link to a short explanation :<<< clearnet >>>hxxp://www.ehow.com/info_12225332_difference-between-gpg-pgp.html#ixzz26dxdnpjyto send another member/vendor an encrypted message you will have to import their public key into your keychain. write the message and then encrypt it with their key in a plaintext app. then simply copy paste in a pm.feel free to try send me an encrypted message by pm and i will send one back.my public key --->hxxp://e26rc2tpqcfipmob.onion/index.php?topic=8.msg52#msg52also along with dmtisinme's guide you could take a look at shuldigs post here about dosage --->hxxp://e26rc2tpqcfipmob.onion/index.php?topic=152.msg1049#msg1049drw
quote from: enigmaticsmile on february 22, 2014, 01:49:36 pmquote from: ragnarr on february 22, 2014, 05:46:34 am i tested by sending myself an pgp encrypted message... now to figure out how to encrypt a message on here as pm...dont send yourself any e-mails that links you to that e-mail. for example" the e-mails you use to buy drugs never send to an email that links to you like hotmail ect etc. once you make an anonymous email you dont want to dirty it, by linking it to a none anonymous email.paranoia runs deep around here  that's not paranoia, that's common sense!but, hey ragnarr, once you get a handle on encryption and cryptocurrency, i or someone else here, could point you in the direction of a vendor with stellar, dosage as-advertised, lsd that ships to your region.it's best to start with something super certain. my favorite thing to dose newbies with is 2 drops of jor's toc. i think it's a very solid idea to take two 100ug hits, that way, you'll be getting a max of 200ug. anyway, dmt out! if you have any further questions, ragnarr or anyone else for that matter, feel free to pm me or reply to this thread or my guide to tripping thread.have a fantastic day everyone.
hey, friend! i just posted a guide to tripping i wrote a couple minutes ago. it can be found here:http://e26rc2tpqcfipmob.onion/index.php?topic=174.msg1223#msg1223hopefully it helps mate!dmtisinme
thanks buddy, so kind of you!
i am having the same problem with safe-mail.net and thunderbird. i am using thunderbird and gpg4win and can't seem to get it to work. i need to find a safe email address that is anomymous. any help appericated.thanks
thanks guys. much appreciated. will read the link.i have a pgp key, but what is gpg? i use linux.edit: i ditched the safemai and created gmail acc instead. now it works with thunderbird. i tested by sending myself an pgp encrypted message... now to figure out how to encrypt a message on here as pm...
thanks drw, this seems like a friendly place!!! i have found only another one friendly forum, and this is the second one i could consider to call my psychedelic home... feels like a family almost... i read the dosage link and i think i know now what to do. i have also re-learned the set and setting things, as these are crucial for a pleasant experience.i'll try to send you pgp pm today.edit: pm sentthanks again.
good point! i'll change the mo for this as of now.then again too much paranoia is debilitating, as the sentence in my country for a few hits of lucy is just fines and possibly a probation for few months. easy peasy for me. different story if i'd buy a gram of lucy..
you aren't wrong! so i've set up a fresh copy on a partition, installed tor, truecrypt and pgp. are there any more security measures i can be taking? if it isn't too much hassle for someone could you try sending me an encryped email which i can reply to, just to get to grips with how it works? that would be much appreciated.is there a computer based email client i could use safely, such as thunderbird?thanks a lot.
sorry for the error, not an os x fanboy here. i prefer linux.
wow
same here. deposit 0,2. did not show up in wallet after days. blockchain says it has been sent to my wallet, then to another adress with more than 80 bitcoins. wtf?!also, no answer from support yet...i hope it is not lost. greetings
ive seen those also.. spread people spread!!! theres other good markets out there!  tor bazaar, the marketplace, outlaw, pandora, and so on... there not getting smased like a dirty whore in a crack motel like agora currently is!
mario you do always speak the truth !!   mario i got a question? are you really going to prison or is that joke in your sig? ;(
thank god !!! so tired of seeing everyone i know go down     ready to move on which i think we all are now he i dont see them taking you alive either ahah
agora has been working great for me too. no problems so far so good. any one know if they will be implementing a coin tumbler anytime soon? i think they definitely should.
i just noticed gpg4usb is working in tails, i had it on a knoppix usb and stuck the usb in when tails was running and copied it across now i have pgp4usb on tails. its the latest version and the new tails 0.22.1 that came out the other week maybe they have it so it works on tails now while plugged in on a usb. either way im delighted i used to take a while using the one on tails. seahorsei think its called.
well, i dont know. that is why i asked the question.what do they call it when you answer a question with a question?
quote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... youre a liar, and everyone knows it.hugs and kissesxoxoxoxox8-)scammer
enki is on agora.profile: http://agorabasakxmewww.onion/vendor/enki#
i2p and tor also have portable versions.you can load up a thumb drive with portable pgp, thunderbird, enigmail, torbirdy, tor, i2p, tbb and have everything you need all in one location.use truecrypt portable to encrypt most of the drive and keep a section unencrypted so you can run truecrypt off it.i know this is all possible for windows. which is who this will probably be most useful for.i guess at some point though, you should just use tails, since it has all the above built in, and more.people need to get away from ms and apple and get debian though
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:07:56 pmok i know the basics. mtgox got hacked or had some issue (i dont give a crap about the conspiracy theorys) and have now shut down withdrawls. what i would like to know is what are the chances they will actually allow withdrawls, and when?also a side question is would it be a good idea to buy btc with usd right now on gox for the hopes they will reopen withdrawls to make some easy cash?avoid mt gox they are headed to insolvency. if you want to gamble,on a bitcoin forum i came across recently, people are selling their gox accounts.if the bank you used stopped allowing withdraws and wire transfers would you still deposit money there?i didnt think so.avoid at all costs. i hope i am wrong cause they have some of my coins.
please read title
quote from: pothead on february 19, 2014, 10:23:00 pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt sr be considered a scam marketplace?or do they get a pass because they help fund this forum?what is the difference between that and cannabis road putting vendors at risk by knowingly being completely insecure.when a hacker tells you "i have your database" and you say "nuh uh, shhhh, dont tell anyone", that makes you a piece of shit and just as bad as any scammer.
quote from: pothead on february 22, 2014, 11:15:30 pmget the facts straight.. noone from cr said anything like that. as soon as we found we were hacked we shut the site.lolliar.no one lost coins because no one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website.do you want me to post your pms again, and the emails from the hackers?they told me as soon as it happened, and your site was still up with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance, so all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd me trying to convince me that everything was ok, and the hackers were lying, etc etcthe hackers sent me my goddamned username and withdrawl pin in clear fucking textyoure a clown.
get the facts straight.. noone from cr said anything like that. as soon as we found we were hacked we shut the site.anyone lose coins we like to hear how
just to clarify im not a tard who is considering putting his life savings into mtgox.i have some coin in there currently and think it might be a good gamble to possibly buy some coins in the $200 range. i guess we will wait and see what happens. is there any eta on the next announcement? how long will they draw this out?
quote from: sorrymario on february 22, 2014, 04:04:16 amysas7uv4drg7rlwv.onioni have no idea how long it will be up. been days since ive checked it, im sure its like lord of the flies now, or maybe deliverance  lol lord of the flies +1
theyll never take me alive lol.naw, i just plan to have an attorney on retainer that i can bend his ear about the legalities of certain things that shall remain secret
no java i say, and thats a bad developer, and i smack em on da heyad.
i see that farmer1 and trava have set up their own shops at http://j7e3cdweprxfhfgn.onion and http://34j2fiy32xwuxsku.onion respectively.
the pirate market --> working properly and than expected for me!soon i will do my first order..        http://yjhzeedl5osagmmr.onion/index.php?s=register&referral=bardelas
i just noticed gpg4usb is working in tails, i had it on a knoppix usb and stuck the usb in when tails was running and copied it across now i have pgp4usb on tails. its the latest version and the new tails 0.22.1 that came out the other week maybe they have it so it works on tails now while plugged in on a usb. either way im delighted i used to take a while using the one on tails. seahorsei think its called.
cant go wrong with farmer1he is reliable and a top notch pro never dealt with t but heard good things as well.two thumbs up
quote from: mirage on february 22, 2014, 01:05:01 amto cross-post from an sr post i made a couple months back in the "shipping" forum:"attn: vendors! please read! recycling return addys!!!"http://silkroad5v7dywlc.onion/index.php?topic=10900nearly 2 years ago, on the old forums, as a former vendor, using a different nym, i ranted at times about the potential of snail-mail itself being tracked, and the impact that could potentially have on a business model such as ours…and my rants seemed at times to fall on deaf ears.what first led me to consider this possibility were confirmations that alphabet soup had for over 7 years been (hiding from the public) that they were tracking all license plates, and the movements/locations of all cars in washington d.c (and other cities) at all times, using a network of cameras positioned throughout the city..for example:study: government tracking movement of every vehicle with license platehttp://washington.cbslocal.com/2013/07/17/government-tracking-movement-of-every-vehicle-with-license-plate/and more importantly, that the technology they were using was based on tech the usps had developed and been using for many, many years prior, to track mail. whether for surveillance purposes, or simply for proper delivery purposes, is irrelevant. they were using technology, based on what the usps had been using for years, to track unknowing us citizens.and recent articles have since proven this theory correct; that the nsa surveillance program includes tracking not only cell phone, internet, location, and electronic communications/metadata, but usps snailmail as well…u.s. postal service logging all mail for law enforcementhttp://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/04/us/monitoring-of-snail-mail.html?pagewanted=all&_r=2&report: postal service uses "spying" programs similar to nsahttp://www.cbsnews.com/news/report-postal-service-uses-spying-programs-similar-to-nsa/snail mail spy: u.s. postal service active partner with feds for surveillancehttp://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jul/4/snail-mail-spy-us-postal-service-active-partner-fe/a picture of each side of each and every envelope or package sent thru usps is taken in the process of its delivery to the intended recipient.now, i have always said that all vendors should just assume that "at least" one or more of their products was purchased by the dea, posing as a buyer. for obvious reasons; to (hopefully) collect fingerprint/handwriting samples, ect, and to at the very least know which city/county/state said vendor is shipping, and most likely, operating from.and now the dea has a record of (at least) one return address said vendor used in the process.so....it is common understanding that return addys should either (besides being printed and not (at least "always") be handwritten, that;a: use a fake name or fake "home business" type name, with a real address, preferably from a local apartment complex (with the apartment/unit # omitted), as to not unintentionally get someone else (who might be a friend/ally) in trouble. or…b. use the name/addy of a small, local retail store, which one could safely assume is not likely involved in illegal activities, and using their name/addy shouldnt unwittingly compromise anyones freedom.although the feds are well aware the majority of vendors use a fake return addy, this has not always been the case, as the recent busts of those sr vendors/doctors in the boston area (i believe?) prove. they used a po box registered using their real world credentials as a return address!? really??!!regardless, a mistake i truly hope never to see repeated again. what im getting at is, in my opinion, i feel until a long-term trust has been built with a specific customer, a vendor should always use a brand new return address for each and every letter/package they send out. yes, this is an extra, tedious, time-consuming process. but its nothing a phone book, the internet, and a osx program like "snailmail" wont make much easier to accomplish. because remember? assume (at least) one of your packages was indeed ordered by the feds. and contained a return address. a return address that is now flagged in the usps system, and in the future could be used to track your packages if used again, to identify your customers, and even compromise your own safety by allowing them to narrow down the (hopefully) various, multiple drops you use.and many articles referenced that the feds did indeed pose as buyers to collect such data before the fall of sr1.0. so this is now fact, and beyond theory at this point.and i feel, personally, it is your "responsibility" as a vendor to take this extra precaution until a certain level of trust has been built with individual customers, at which point you are free to consider recycling return addresses, as it were…or so a little bird told me...peacemirage                                                                   +1
the cliché of this site almost makes me feel nausea
i like the concept and feel of the site. just work out the opsec issues
whats the point?
does anyone know the email of enki from bmr?
quote from: northwest nuggets on february 21, 2014, 02:33:51 amquote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  you seem like a really nice person and i hate the way people treat you over there.  please dont defend this as not being a scam unless you have better proof than the testimony of the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out on you even more than they do now.agreed, id +1 if i couldi think sr is a large question mark until all funds have been returned
well, i dont know. that is why i asked the question.what do they call it when you answer a question with a question?
layout is just horrible but it seems legit so far. mostly because there is no escrow and you deal directly with the vendors, depositing money onto their btc  address.
in the past i registered on drugsnbets. do you know if i have to register new or could i login with my old data?
i spam everyday and tried my ass off its just not worth it.
ysas7uv4drg7rlwv.onioni have no idea how long it will be up. been days since ive checked it, im sure its like lord of the flies now, or maybe deliverance
quote from: verto on february 16, 2014, 07:33:40 pmi wont be surprised if you end up getting banned there also.
im over on agora, and theres like 3 complaints.im not worried. my deposits always show up within 30 minutes. some problems take forever to deal with cuz theyve grown exponentially in the past few weeks. ive only had to use customer service once, and it was dealt with in a few hours.but thats ok if some people dont trust agora - no single market can support everybody  agora, pandora, blue sky, tba ... theres room for all!
i havent been on there because i lost the url post it again
have you seen the layout at blackbank market? very professional look to it and the marketplace offers multi-sig escrow. i havent had a chance to test the escrow system yet but im looking forward to it.
there are many other things i havent mentioned. for example, use gloves when handling goods, when packing, and when mailing. an alternative for using gloves when dropping your mail off is to put it in a plastic bag wearing gloves and then they can be slid from the bag directly into the blue box, no gloves needed at that point.try to not use the same box every time, mix it up a little. that is particularly true if you send out a lot of mail every day.tips for receiving mail1. do not order anything you have to sign for. that makes it too easy to set up a controlled delivery. 2. when you get your package, let it sit in the mailbox for a while before you take it in. dont be in such a rush, in fact its good to take a little walk to eyeball the neighborhood to spot suspicious vehicles, people loitering for no obvious reason, etc.3. after you get your mail, let it sit by the door a while unopened. if they bang on your door asking if you got anything you didnt expect to get, say yes and hand it over. if its unopened it makes you look innocent and adds support to your statement that you didnt order it.
a very good point, mirage. i would give you a +1 but i dont have enough posts yet. i do change my return addresses regularly and never go back to old ones.other tips to make your letter or package not stand out are:do not overly tape the outside of the package. this is another thing they look for. you can tape the inside and it will not show. make sure the contents dont rattle or shift around. if sending powders, put them inside multiple packaging to resist penetration. postal employees have been known to puncture a package to better sniff the contents.instead of using dryer sheets or other scented things to mask the odor, invest in mylar packaging to stop odor. another good thing to use is aluminum foil bags sealed with aluminum tape.
what are the things the post office and dea look for to decide what packages to inspect closely? billions of packages and letters are sent every year so they obviously cant inspect each one. they do not have dogs sitting by the conveyor belt which has mail whizzing by. it just doesnt work that way, dogs get bored quickly when they dont detect what they are trained to sniff for. plus the length of time is not enough for a careful sniff.they look for certain things, one of those is a false return name and address. they have high speed scanners which can scan the to and from address of each piece of mail. they have computers that will check it against known addresses and can match it to the name associated with that address. this helps them avoid sending out mail and having to send it back when its misaddressed. but they can also spot a false return. they wont investigate solely because of that but it is a red flag.other things they look for are strong odors coming from the package, like coffee, perfume, etc. that is usually used to mask the odor of drugs. they also look for hand written labels. no one of those things are enough but a suspicious odor will usually make them look further and if it has a false return, they will then usually bring in the dog and present the package along with some other packages to see if the dog alerts. if it does, that is probable cause to get a warrant.when i send a package i always use a real name and address from the phone book. i print out the label so no hand written or typed labels which they look for. the goods have to be carefully packaged and if they have an odor, it must be put into mylar and well sealed. also i dont handle the package when i have handled product.i dont ask anyone to sign for the package, they can use that against you though its not solid proof. if they just drop it in your mailbox, wait a while before bringing it in. take a walk and check out whats going on in the area before bringing it in. if its not supposed to be signed for and they ask you to sign, refuse the package. or if its not supposed to be signed for but they knock on the door and present you with the package, that is very very suspicious. obviously if they knock and talk, say nothing except to deny you ordered anything.anyone have other tips?
yay!it took some effort, but after a mammoth surge of assfuckery darknet nation have entered the charts at no1 for new starter with most n00b fuckups!grats, guys!
https://pay.reddit.com/r/onions/comments/1yev3e/introducing_darknet_nation/apparently, after their clearnet ip was discovered, darknet nation decided they werent a marketplace after all.    which is good, since theyre hosted on amazon aws.   because if theres a dumber place to host a darknet marketplace than aws, im not aware of it.
sorry for the error, not an os x fanboy here. i prefer linux.
for os x users needing a portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative to gpg4usb is portable pgp which you can download at this clearnet link - http://sourceforge.net/projects/ppgp/
the javascript will be a sticking point for you.
im not using it until i see wallets payed back in full and take it from there, if its stopped withdrawels and is backing up full of coin im not going near it but running smooth if the coin is payed back i might but not before and probably not for a long time after. not a hope
i just read on deepdotweb that oracle doxd the "hacker" and it was taken down within an hour, i didnt read it i knocked off my laptop straight away and boot tails to find out. any else hear that someone got doxd?
serious? i just seen it now a czech guy, if hes innocent i hope nothing happens him. wonder what happen the sheep guy thomas he was czech too, probably long gone with the cash
quote from: northwest nuggets on february 22, 2014, 04:04:01 amyou dont understand.  backopy didnt run the best marketplace in history.   everybody thought sr was better.  then everybody thought atlantis was better.  then everybody thought sheep was better.  backopy was the best darknet admin because he admitted his errors right away and he let us withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen.  some other admins in that same situation simply took the rest of our money and never came back.well im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace. the admin of the longest lasting market was busted because he 1) bragged about running a darknet market on the clearweb on an account connected to his personal email2) administrated the market from a library3) tried to hire assassins that were in fact copsnow i cant say this for sure, but i do not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. i believe he does things professionally. the way he presents himself and the way he handles things leads me to believe this.so, in my opinion, the market that was up the 2nd longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors on its own accord, was the best run marketplace.every market that is no longer around... lost peoples money. bmr is the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money.of course people will say another market is better but why do they think that? from what i have witnessed it is because the market is shiny or some other trivial aspect that has nothing to do with the function/security/quality of the market and everything to do with the persons immediate satisfaction.in my opinion bmr = best run marketplace/best overall marketplacelets keep the debate going
quote from: morgan geist on february 22, 2014, 05:37:41 amquote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 05:14:34 amwell im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace.bmr is older and ran longer than srwell there you go. i rest my case.
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:49:55 pmquote from: tyrone on february 21, 2014, 10:32:17 am2. incompetent fools unable to protect user funds.ill prefix what im about to say with: i hate sounding like im defending sr. im not. i am trying to get provoke more than a half-thought out of you people.if you call them incompetent fools unable to protect user funds, you are calling a lot of site owners this. ulbricht, the people who ran bitmit, and even backopy who ran what a lot of people call the best run marketplace in history. i dont see your market that is an impenetrable fortress. wheres it at?i know sr is probably a bunch of thieving cunts and all the shit talk is deserved, but a little bit of wisdom that i learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct is if the thought process leading to the correct conclusion is flawed or not. if its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came to the correct conclusion.you dont understand.  backopy didnt run the best marketplace in history.   everybody thought sr was better.  then everybody thought atlantis was better.  then everybody thought sheep was better.  backopy was the best darknet admin because he admitted his errors right away and he let us withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen.  some other admins in that same situation simply took the rest of our money and never came back.
quote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 05:14:34 amquote from: northwest nuggets on february 22, 2014, 04:04:01 amyou dont understand.  backopy didnt run the best marketplace in history.   everybody thought sr was better.  then everybody thought atlantis was better.  then everybody thought sheep was better.  backopy was the best darknet admin because he admitted his errors right away and he let us withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen.  some other admins in that same situation simply took the rest of our money and never came back.well im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace. the admin of the longest lasting market was busted because he 1) bragged about running a darknet market on the clearweb on an account connected to his personal email2) administrated the market from a library3) tried to hire assassins that were in fact copsnow i cant say this for sure, but i do not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. i believe he does things professionally. the way he presents himself and the way he handles things leads me to believe this.so, in my opinion, the market that was up the 2nd longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors on its own accord, was the best run marketplace.every market that is no longer around... lost peoples money. bmr is the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money.of course people will say another market is better but why do they think that? from what i have witnessed it is because the market is shiny or some other trivial aspect that has nothing to do with the function/security/quality of the market and everything to do with the persons immediate satisfaction.in my opinion bmr = best run marketplace/best overall marketplacelets keep the debate goingbmr is older and ran longer than sr
quote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 06:43:35 amquote from: morgan geist on february 22, 2014, 05:37:41 amquote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 05:14:34 amwell im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace.bmr is older and ran longer than srwell there you go. i rest my case.objection
hi all, yresteday put 0.01btc for try and today dont appear..for you information.
sounds like the beginnings of some dodgy shenanigans at agora, unless theres a less suspicious reason for these funds being redirected.ive heard of many selective scams on the darknet and this is starting to sound like one of them.its quite a damning portrayal of humankind, that people, when given a chance, will steal from their fellow man rather than live alongside him (or her).i truly hope theres a reasonable explanation for these missing deposits, and that agora keeps its integrity, but in the face of the evidence ive seen im not 100% hopeful.** crossing fingers **
quote from: turtletime on february 22, 2014, 11:33:28 pmquote from: pothead on february 22, 2014, 11:15:30 pmget the facts straight.. noone from cr said anything like that. as soon as we found we were hacked we shut the site.lolliar.no one lost coins because no one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website.do you want me to post your pms again, and the emails from the hackers?they told me as soon as it happened, and your site was still up with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance, so all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd me trying to convince me that everything was ok, and the hackers were lying, etc etcthe hackers sent me my goddamned username and withdrawl pin in clear fucking textyoure a clown.fuck guys! whats with this?? cant we debate like humans and keep a little bit of courtesy for each other in mind :/ @ turtletime, bro your doing yourself doing some bad pr work when you make statements like this. a people look at vendors character on these forums and decide if they can be trusted from what they have posted. just a bit of advise bro! happy profits
quote from: sorrymario on february 14, 2014, 09:33:06 pmas the church lady would say,how conveeeeeeeeenient!:pquote from: brassballs on february 14, 2014, 09:01:24 pmwhyusheep2=defconbingo! give that man a cigarmy dick work
no java i say, and thats a bad developer, and i smack em on da heyad.
i see that farmer1 and trava have set up their own shops at http://j7e3cdweprxfhfgn.onion and http://34j2fiy32xwuxsku.onion respectively.
the pirate market --> working properly and than expected for me!soon i will do my first order..        http://yjhzeedl5osagmmr.onion/index.php?s=register&referral=bardelas
i just noticed gpg4usb is working in tails, i had it on a knoppix usb and stuck the usb in when tails was running and copied it across now i have pgp4usb on tails. its the latest version and the new tails 0.22.1 that came out the other week maybe they have it so it works on tails now while plugged in on a usb. either way im delighted i used to take a while using the one on tails. seahorsei think its called.
cant go wrong with farmer1he is reliable and a top notch pro never dealt with t but heard good things as well.two thumbs up
quote from: mirage on february 22, 2014, 01:05:01 amto cross-post from an sr post i made a couple months back in the "shipping" forum:"attn: vendors! please read! recycling return addys!!!"http://silkroad5v7dywlc.onion/index.php?topic=10900nearly 2 years ago, on the old forums, as a former vendor, using a different nym, i ranted at times about the potential of snail-mail itself being tracked, and the impact that could potentially have on a business model such as ours…and my rants seemed at times to fall on deaf ears.what first led me to consider this possibility were confirmations that alphabet soup had for over 7 years been (hiding from the public) that they were tracking all license plates, and the movements/locations of all cars in washington d.c (and other cities) at all times, using a network of cameras positioned throughout the city..for example:study: government tracking movement of every vehicle with license platehttp://washington.cbslocal.com/2013/07/17/government-tracking-movement-of-every-vehicle-with-license-plate/and more importantly, that the technology they were using was based on tech the usps had developed and been using for many, many years prior, to track mail. whether for surveillance purposes, or simply for proper delivery purposes, is irrelevant. they were using technology, based on what the usps had been using for years, to track unknowing us citizens.and recent articles have since proven this theory correct; that the nsa surveillance program includes tracking not only cell phone, internet, location, and electronic communications/metadata, but usps snailmail as well…u.s. postal service logging all mail for law enforcementhttp://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/04/us/monitoring-of-snail-mail.html?pagewanted=all&_r=2&report: postal service uses "spying" programs similar to nsahttp://www.cbsnews.com/news/report-postal-service-uses-spying-programs-similar-to-nsa/snail mail spy: u.s. postal service active partner with feds for surveillancehttp://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jul/4/snail-mail-spy-us-postal-service-active-partner-fe/a picture of each side of each and every envelope or package sent thru usps is taken in the process of its delivery to the intended recipient.now, i have always said that all vendors should just assume that "at least" one or more of their products was purchased by the dea, posing as a buyer. for obvious reasons; to (hopefully) collect fingerprint/handwriting samples, ect, and to at the very least know which city/county/state said vendor is shipping, and most likely, operating from.and now the dea has a record of (at least) one return address said vendor used in the process.so....it is common understanding that return addys should either (besides being printed and not (at least "always") be handwritten, that;a: use a fake name or fake "home business" type name, with a real address, preferably from a local apartment complex (with the apartment/unit # omitted), as to not unintentionally get someone else (who might be a friend/ally) in trouble. or…b. use the name/addy of a small, local retail store, which one could safely assume is not likely involved in illegal activities, and using their name/addy shouldnt unwittingly compromise anyones freedom.although the feds are well aware the majority of vendors use a fake return addy, this has not always been the case, as the recent busts of those sr vendors/doctors in the boston area (i believe?) prove. they used a po box registered using their real world credentials as a return address!? really??!!regardless, a mistake i truly hope never to see repeated again. what im getting at is, in my opinion, i feel until a long-term trust has been built with a specific customer, a vendor should always use a brand new return address for each and every letter/package they send out. yes, this is an extra, tedious, time-consuming process. but its nothing a phone book, the internet, and a osx program like "snailmail" wont make much easier to accomplish. because remember? assume (at least) one of your packages was indeed ordered by the feds. and contained a return address. a return address that is now flagged in the usps system, and in the future could be used to track your packages if used again, to identify your customers, and even compromise your own safety by allowing them to narrow down the (hopefully) various, multiple drops you use.and many articles referenced that the feds did indeed pose as buyers to collect such data before the fall of sr1.0. so this is now fact, and beyond theory at this point.and i feel, personally, it is your "responsibility" as a vendor to take this extra precaution until a certain level of trust has been built with individual customers, at which point you are free to consider recycling return addresses, as it were…or so a little bird told me...peacemirage                                                                   +1
the cliché of this site almost makes me feel nausea
i like the concept and feel of the site. just work out the opsec issues
whats the point?
does anyone know the email of enki from bmr?
quote from: northwest nuggets on february 21, 2014, 02:33:51 amquote from: chemcat on february 20, 2014, 07:00:22 amsr is not a scam, there is no need to cyber mark us as such... weve been through alot and will persevere & get through this just fine  hugs to you all  chemcat  you seem like a really nice person and i hate the way people treat you over there.  please dont defend this as not being a scam unless you have better proof than the testimony of the blockchain guy because then people will take their frustrations out on you even more than they do now.agreed, id +1 if i couldi think sr is a large question mark until all funds have been returned
well, i dont know. that is why i asked the question.what do they call it when you answer a question with a question?
layout is just horrible but it seems legit so far. mostly because there is no escrow and you deal directly with the vendors, depositing money onto their btc  address.
in the past i registered on drugsnbets. do you know if i have to register new or could i login with my old data?
i spam everyday and tried my ass off its just not worth it.
ysas7uv4drg7rlwv.onioni have no idea how long it will be up. been days since ive checked it, im sure its like lord of the flies now, or maybe deliverance
quote from: verto on february 16, 2014, 07:33:40 pmi wont be surprised if you end up getting banned there also.
im over on agora, and theres like 3 complaints.im not worried. my deposits always show up within 30 minutes. some problems take forever to deal with cuz theyve grown exponentially in the past few weeks. ive only had to use customer service once, and it was dealt with in a few hours.but thats ok if some people dont trust agora - no single market can support everybody  agora, pandora, blue sky, tba ... theres room for all!
i havent been on there because i lost the url post it again
have you seen the layout at blackbank market? very professional look to it and the marketplace offers multi-sig escrow. i havent had a chance to test the escrow system yet but im looking forward to it.
there are many other things i havent mentioned. for example, use gloves when handling goods, when packing, and when mailing. an alternative for using gloves when dropping your mail off is to put it in a plastic bag wearing gloves and then they can be slid from the bag directly into the blue box, no gloves needed at that point.try to not use the same box every time, mix it up a little. that is particularly true if you send out a lot of mail every day.tips for receiving mail1. do not order anything you have to sign for. that makes it too easy to set up a controlled delivery. 2. when you get your package, let it sit in the mailbox for a while before you take it in. dont be in such a rush, in fact its good to take a little walk to eyeball the neighborhood to spot suspicious vehicles, people loitering for no obvious reason, etc.3. after you get your mail, let it sit by the door a while unopened. if they bang on your door asking if you got anything you didnt expect to get, say yes and hand it over. if its unopened it makes you look innocent and adds support to your statement that you didnt order it.
a very good point, mirage. i would give you a +1 but i dont have enough posts yet. i do change my return addresses regularly and never go back to old ones.other tips to make your letter or package not stand out are:do not overly tape the outside of the package. this is another thing they look for. you can tape the inside and it will not show. make sure the contents dont rattle or shift around. if sending powders, put them inside multiple packaging to resist penetration. postal employees have been known to puncture a package to better sniff the contents.instead of using dryer sheets or other scented things to mask the odor, invest in mylar packaging to stop odor. another good thing to use is aluminum foil bags sealed with aluminum tape.
what are the things the post office and dea look for to decide what packages to inspect closely? billions of packages and letters are sent every year so they obviously cant inspect each one. they do not have dogs sitting by the conveyor belt which has mail whizzing by. it just doesnt work that way, dogs get bored quickly when they dont detect what they are trained to sniff for. plus the length of time is not enough for a careful sniff.they look for certain things, one of those is a false return name and address. they have high speed scanners which can scan the to and from address of each piece of mail. they have computers that will check it against known addresses and can match it to the name associated with that address. this helps them avoid sending out mail and having to send it back when its misaddressed. but they can also spot a false return. they wont investigate solely because of that but it is a red flag.other things they look for are strong odors coming from the package, like coffee, perfume, etc. that is usually used to mask the odor of drugs. they also look for hand written labels. no one of those things are enough but a suspicious odor will usually make them look further and if it has a false return, they will then usually bring in the dog and present the package along with some other packages to see if the dog alerts. if it does, that is probable cause to get a warrant.when i send a package i always use a real name and address from the phone book. i print out the label so no hand written or typed labels which they look for. the goods have to be carefully packaged and if they have an odor, it must be put into mylar and well sealed. also i dont handle the package when i have handled product.i dont ask anyone to sign for the package, they can use that against you though its not solid proof. if they just drop it in your mailbox, wait a while before bringing it in. take a walk and check out whats going on in the area before bringing it in. if its not supposed to be signed for and they ask you to sign, refuse the package. or if its not supposed to be signed for but they knock on the door and present you with the package, that is very very suspicious. obviously if they knock and talk, say nothing except to deny you ordered anything.anyone have other tips?
yay!it took some effort, but after a mammoth surge of assfuckery darknet nation have entered the charts at no1 for new starter with most n00b fuckups!grats, guys!
https://pay.reddit.com/r/onions/comments/1yev3e/introducing_darknet_nation/apparently, after their clearnet ip was discovered, darknet nation decided they werent a marketplace after all.    which is good, since theyre hosted on amazon aws.   because if theres a dumber place to host a darknet marketplace than aws, im not aware of it.
sorry for the error, not an os x fanboy here. i prefer linux.
for os x users needing a portable standalone pgp tool the best alternative to gpg4usb is portable pgp which you can download at this clearnet link - http://sourceforge.net/projects/ppgp/
the javascript will be a sticking point for you.
im not using it until i see wallets payed back in full and take it from there, if its stopped withdrawels and is backing up full of coin im not going near it but running smooth if the coin is payed back i might but not before and probably not for a long time after. not a hope
i just read on deepdotweb that oracle doxd the "hacker" and it was taken down within an hour, i didnt read it i knocked off my laptop straight away and boot tails to find out. any else hear that someone got doxd?
serious? i just seen it now a czech guy, if hes innocent i hope nothing happens him. wonder what happen the sheep guy thomas he was czech too, probably long gone with the cash
quote from: northwest nuggets on february 22, 2014, 04:04:01 amyou dont understand.  backopy didnt run the best marketplace in history.   everybody thought sr was better.  then everybody thought atlantis was better.  then everybody thought sheep was better.  backopy was the best darknet admin because he admitted his errors right away and he let us withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen.  some other admins in that same situation simply took the rest of our money and never came back.well im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace. the admin of the longest lasting market was busted because he 1) bragged about running a darknet market on the clearweb on an account connected to his personal email2) administrated the market from a library3) tried to hire assassins that were in fact copsnow i cant say this for sure, but i do not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. i believe he does things professionally. the way he presents himself and the way he handles things leads me to believe this.so, in my opinion, the market that was up the 2nd longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors on its own accord, was the best run marketplace.every market that is no longer around... lost peoples money. bmr is the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money.of course people will say another market is better but why do they think that? from what i have witnessed it is because the market is shiny or some other trivial aspect that has nothing to do with the function/security/quality of the market and everything to do with the persons immediate satisfaction.in my opinion bmr = best run marketplace/best overall marketplacelets keep the debate going
quote from: morgan geist on february 22, 2014, 05:37:41 amquote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 05:14:34 amwell im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace.bmr is older and ran longer than srwell there you go. i rest my case.
quote from: evilgrin on february 21, 2014, 12:49:55 pmquote from: tyrone on february 21, 2014, 10:32:17 am2. incompetent fools unable to protect user funds.ill prefix what im about to say with: i hate sounding like im defending sr. im not. i am trying to get provoke more than a half-thought out of you people.if you call them incompetent fools unable to protect user funds, you are calling a lot of site owners this. ulbricht, the people who ran bitmit, and even backopy who ran what a lot of people call the best run marketplace in history. i dont see your market that is an impenetrable fortress. wheres it at?i know sr is probably a bunch of thieving cunts and all the shit talk is deserved, but a little bit of wisdom that i learned over the years iswhat matters more than being correct is if the thought process leading to the correct conclusion is flawed or not. if its flawed then you are wrong even though you accidentally came to the correct conclusion.you dont understand.  backopy didnt run the best marketplace in history.   everybody thought sr was better.  then everybody thought atlantis was better.  then everybody thought sheep was better.  backopy was the best darknet admin because he admitted his errors right away and he let us withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen.  some other admins in that same situation simply took the rest of our money and never came back.
quote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 05:14:34 amquote from: northwest nuggets on february 22, 2014, 04:04:01 amyou dont understand.  backopy didnt run the best marketplace in history.   everybody thought sr was better.  then everybody thought atlantis was better.  then everybody thought sheep was better.  backopy was the best darknet admin because he admitted his errors right away and he let us withdraw his own money after ours had been stolen.  some other admins in that same situation simply took the rest of our money and never came back.well im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace. the admin of the longest lasting market was busted because he 1) bragged about running a darknet market on the clearweb on an account connected to his personal email2) administrated the market from a library3) tried to hire assassins that were in fact copsnow i cant say this for sure, but i do not believe backopy has ever done anything that foolish. i believe he does things professionally. the way he presents himself and the way he handles things leads me to believe this.so, in my opinion, the market that was up the 2nd longest that never robbed anyone and shut its doors on its own accord, was the best run marketplace.every market that is no longer around... lost peoples money. bmr is the only market thats doors are closed that didnt lose anyones money.of course people will say another market is better but why do they think that? from what i have witnessed it is because the market is shiny or some other trivial aspect that has nothing to do with the function/security/quality of the market and everything to do with the persons immediate satisfaction.in my opinion bmr = best run marketplace/best overall marketplacelets keep the debate goingbmr is older and ran longer than sr
quote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 06:43:35 amquote from: morgan geist on february 22, 2014, 05:37:41 amquote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 05:14:34 amwell im pretty sure bmr was the 2nd longest lasting marketplace.bmr is older and ran longer than srwell there you go. i rest my case.objection
hi all, yresteday put 0.01btc for try and today dont appear..for you information.
sounds like the beginnings of some dodgy shenanigans at agora, unless theres a less suspicious reason for these funds being redirected.ive heard of many selective scams on the darknet and this is starting to sound like one of them.its quite a damning portrayal of humankind, that people, when given a chance, will steal from their fellow man rather than live alongside him (or her).i truly hope theres a reasonable explanation for these missing deposits, and that agora keeps its integrity, but in the face of the evidence ive seen im not 100% hopeful.** crossing fingers **
quote from: turtletime on february 22, 2014, 11:33:28 pmquote from: pothead on february 22, 2014, 11:15:30 pmget the facts straight.. noone from cr said anything like that. as soon as we found we were hacked we shut the site.lolliar.no one lost coins because no one had ever deposited money onto your shitty website.do you want me to post your pms again, and the emails from the hackers?they told me as soon as it happened, and your site was still up with some bullshit message saying that you were doing maintenance, so all the vendors wouldnt notice that the entire database was droppedyou then pmd me trying to convince me that everything was ok, and the hackers were lying, etc etcthe hackers sent me my goddamned username and withdrawl pin in clear fucking textyoure a clown.fuck guys! whats with this?? cant we debate like humans and keep a little bit of courtesy for each other in mind :/ @ turtletime, bro your doing yourself doing some bad pr work when you make statements like this. a people look at vendors character on these forums and decide if they can be trusted from what they have posted. just a bit of advise bro! happy profits
quote from: sorrymario on february 14, 2014, 09:33:06 pmas the church lady would say,how conveeeeeeeeenient!:pquote from: brassballs on february 14, 2014, 09:01:24 pmwhyusheep2=defconbingo! give that man a cigarmy dick work
its good to get that cleared up.no problems bro.
i think that a good varity of hidden markets and the competition it brings helps everyone in the long run so im not only going to give praise to one market. if i think a market is well established and has good admins i will give that market my respect and praise on the forums. pirate market is from what ive seen a good market. its small right now so people discredit it, but i believe that a small market has benifits that a large market doesnt (a good support team is one example). i think that this market deserves more acknowledgment than it has now and people really should check it out. keep up the good work pirate market!
i would assume that he is waiting for defcon to respond like the rest of us are.  we might as well give defcon an opportunity to gather evidence, consult experts, or whatever he needs to do in order to come up with the best defense he can put up.   then later people cant say we were unfair.
every time i make a withdrawal it takes like 3 seconds or so. never had a problem.
mtgoxs recent "security issues" being given as the excuse for further delay was protestershttp://www.coindesk.com/japanese-police-shut-down-protest-gox/(please look at the pictures of the "protesters" - that was a "security concern"? lol)mtgox is careening into full-on bankruptcy - it is unavoidable. they know if they allow withdrawals, everything will be immediately taken out by 100% of customers,  they probably do not even possess enough btc to pay all the sales they are making at these low prices
imaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars... lolthere this site i found bitcoinbuilder.com where you can buy gox btc with real in your wallet btc in the hopes they resume withdraws. at fist glance i thought you could buy 100s of gox btc for like .5 real btc but upon furter analysis the rate is .5 real for 1 gox so it basically doubles your money in theroy. not really a big enough gain to take a gamble on for me anyways but yeah...
and thanks for the help i have put posts in three seperate foruma and you were the only to respond so thanks buddy
your generosity shows no bounds!!! a million thanks
signed up at a certain email service awhile back and tied that as a backup for passwords to a market place.said password to marketplace was somehow lost or forgotten which is highly unusual, but it happens.sent new password details to backup email addressnever came and now i cannot login to mp but am expecting a farily important message soonreason for concern warranted or paranoid?also i have tried to contact support of the mp with no response.i have created a new account and notified the other party of my problem is this enough?
was sent from mp unfortunately i have no access to that baseball bat should happen just because lol
sorry what i meant was when i signed up at mp i put in my tor email account as default email just in case this happenedbut the email was never sent from mp to my email addyso here i sit
it truly shouldnt be that difficult to understand how to use pgp.  i remember the first time i tried it out i had everything down within an hour, and i was using it from the command line.  with that being said, i do think gpg4usb is a really good pgp program.
we have requested a forum section here but until that comes we have opened our own forums. feel free to ask questions here, through pm, on our forums or through our help desk. we have implemented a lot changes recently.
thank you, we have requested a section but we understand if there is a waiting period. in the meantime people can contact our team in our threads here, in pm, on our forums or through our help desk. we have implemented a lot of new features recently and finalized our vendor rules such as no weapons, etc. the process has changed to become a vendor but vendor accounts are still currently free.
quote from: evilgrin on february 23, 2014, 06:37:53 pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars... lolthere this site i found bitcoinbuilder.com where you can buy gox btc with real in your wallet btc in the hopes they resume withdraws. quite frankly, i dont know why i bothered.  two days ago i posted this in response to your questionsquote from: floydy on february 21, 2014, 02:30:36 pmkeep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.did you skip what i wrote, or did you actually read it when you were fucked up on drugs so cant remember?thanks for your contribution to the community.
quote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 10:06:55 pmi guess we will wait and see what happens. is there any eta on the next announcement? how long will they draw this out?the last announcement from gox on thursday 20th feb:quote from: mtgoxthank you for your patience this week while we are working on re-initiating bitcoin withdrawals. in addition to the technical issue, this week we have experienced some security problems, and as a result we had to relocate mtgox to our previous office building in shibuya (details can be found here https://support.mtgox.com/home). the move,combined with some other security and technical challenges, pushed back our progress.as much as we didn’t want to only provide an “update on an update”, this is the current status. we are committed to solving this issue and will provide more information as soon as possible to keep everyone in the loop.we are very sorry for the delays and deeply appreciate your kind understanding and continuous support.best regards,mtgox teami dont think that tells us a whole lot about what we can expect from them and when.its now about 5 hours before the start of the new working week in japan, and im sure new funds will be landing in mtgox to buy up cheap coins and the price there will rise.but i expect that there will still be resounding silence from gox and as the week goes by the market will realise that gox customers are still no closer to being able to extract btc, dollars, yen, euros or anything else and all that trading on gox is people exchanging imaginary money for imaginary bitcoins. in a normal world, this means a drop in price, but then this is bitcoin, and everythings a gamble.
quote from: pillfirepharmacy on february 23, 2014, 01:57:29 amive seen those threads and its definitely on my radar.  that report of the diverted 0,2 btc to the 80 btc wallet is a bit alarming.  ive had the same experience as organix as far as withdrawals up to this point.  i had one small issue and messaged support, and they got back to me in three days. interesting. so how do you feel rearding its stability and security? i had deposited there...wanted to give it a shot but noticed what was obvious to many others at sr2 so i removed funds from agora.
i cannot believe sr hasnt been moved here yet!! we all knew defcon(artist)s bitcoin maleability explanation didnt add up. that was an outright lie. confirmed by a btc expert on cnn. so whats the hold up? i am under the impression that more than a few mods work for sr. is that why? still continuing the scam or propping up a scam marketplace? that shouldt matter much. the hub is supposed to be impartial and true. honest and correct. one looks to the hub for real information.alfred, did you get out voted at the mod round table or something? does someone have some dirt on you here? are you involved in sr in some way shape or form? (doubtful) i do not understand? so you ruffle a few feather... so what. it wouldnt be the first time nor the last.this is alfreds world and were all just lucky to be in it. please do the right thing and move sr to the defunct market or more appropriately the scam market area. it has been a long time coming and sr has earned it.
maybe check your sent mail in the account you sent the back up details from.or a baseball bat to the back of the head usually does wonders to the memory.
how did you send an email with account paswords from a market place?
now i dont know if i am going crazy or what.but made a couple withdrawals the other day, and noticed later that i didnt have all the btc that i was expecting.i went to agora to try and figure it out, but theres no transaction history with anything.i messaged support and asked them about the missing btc, and they kept brushing it off or ignoring the question.finally they more or less had me convinced that i was crazy and that i had less than i expected.but now im not so sure.  the more i think about it, the more i believe that only about 60% of my withdrawals hit my account.
quote from: calcium345 on february 22, 2014, 11:37:05 pmquote from: sorrymario on february 14, 2014, 09:33:06 pmas the church lady would say,how conveeeeeeeeenient!:pquote from: brassballs on february 14, 2014, 09:01:24 pmwhyusheep2=defconbingo! give that man a cigarmy dick work  only if you can handle me lighting it.
quote from: cooked on february 22, 2014, 09:50:04 pmquote from: verto on february 16, 2014, 07:33:40 pmquote from: cooked on february 14, 2014, 07:58:53 amhello am i allowed to be a vendor on evolutioni think you should unban me from tcf regardsyou wont be getting unbanned from tcf - you had plenty enough warnings. you can join on evolution seeing you werent actually banned on tcf for scamming, but given your previous record on all other boards, i wont be surprised if you end up getting banned there also.actually, had no warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers, was not allowed. and the people i did call scammers, all ended up being what, scammers. its certainly a first that someone gets banned not for trolling, flaming, or spamming, but for calling people scammers. and, im not banned from any other board.just click your heels three times and say "theres no place like hackbb.  theres no place like hackbb.  theres no place like hackbb."
ive got all mine so far,  think ive done about 7  total deposits ( 2 recently) , i was just saying  i "heard" others say theres were missing.
is this safe to do?  just how private are virtual private servers?  would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting a tor hidden service on it and take it down?what are your opinions on this?
what does it take for a new marketplace to get its own sub forum?
ive seen those threads and its definitely on my radar.  that report of the diverted 0,2 btc to the 80 btc wallet is a bit alarming.  ive had the same experience as organix as far as withdrawals up to this point.  i had one small issue and messaged support, and they got back to me in three days.
quote from: dumpsterbaby on february 23, 2014, 02:33:24 amquote from: pillfirepharmacy on february 23, 2014, 01:57:29 amive seen those threads and its definitely on my radar.  that report of the diverted 0,2 btc to the 80 btc wallet is a bit alarming.  ive had the same experience as organix as far as withdrawals up to this point.  i had one small issue and messaged support, and they got back to me in three days. interesting. so how do you feel rearding its stability and security? i had deposited there...wanted to give it a shot but noticed what was obvious to many others at sr2 so i removed funds from agora.dumpster i just dont know for sure. ive learned to just take it day by day in this business.  its clear that these are the same things that we started seeing on sr2 before they took the whole cake, so its smart to be cautious.  to date, i havent lost a penny on transfers, and support has responded to me promptly so i cant personally say that ive had a problem.  unfortunately, it seems that these thiefs target certain users/venders, and leave others alone.  as an active vender on the forums, i dont think a site would target me or my btc as id definitely speak up about it.  that being said, because i dont lick defcons nuts, i of course wasnt offered any btc when i lost a few grand when sr2 pulled their heist.  i try to stand on my own two feet and think independently. i really hope the agora phantom btcs are just a mistake but time will tell id suggest just taking it day by day, and never let funds sit in any market account for over two hours. follow that protocol and youll be less at risk.  stay safe everyone.
quote from: organix on february 21, 2014, 07:13:55 pmi dont believe the part about hiring a hitman. this was said by le and by no one else. why do you believe everything cops say?this hitman bull is used by le to try and get support of the average fool. they are still trying to make people believe that drugs and murder go hand in hand.
i have not had this issue but am not ruling out those who did. it could be an experiment to divert to a cold storage/external wallet & the funds will be returned in time, agora staff, knowing opsec is of #1 importance, would not want to advertise this. just a tin hat theory but why would they do bits & bobs when they could wait until the site is more trusted, escrow is more widely accepted & implemented there & then drop the bomb. not buying it.theory #2 is there is a security bug & some member has found a way to skim thus staying inside.
from the old days of sr1 when this muppet started ranting about opening a new market i could smell a scam coming. i hope he gets his.
+1 jack harkness
how did you send an email with account paswords from a market place?
maybe check your sent mail in the account you sent the back up details from.or a baseball bat to the back of the head usually does wonders to the memory.
its good to get that cleared up.no problems bro.
quote from: pillfirepharmacy on february 23, 2014, 01:57:29 amive seen those threads and its definitely on my radar.  that report of the diverted 0,2 btc to the 80 btc wallet is a bit alarming.  ive had the same experience as organix as far as withdrawals up to this point.  i had one small issue and messaged support, and they got back to me in three days. interesting. so how do you feel rearding its stability and security? i had deposited there...wanted to give it a shot but noticed what was obvious to many others at sr2 so i removed funds from agora.
----------------------------
i have close experience with women and the darkweb, i associate it with the pleasant absence of machismo, talking like this, using profanity and basically acting like some tony montana asshole...so i can see why that would be a positive thing...
this is our newest store, and are offering 20% discounts on most of our listings in our evolution store: http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/profile/5368evolution is running exceptionally well, is very user friendly, and at the present time is processing all btc deposits/withdrawals with great efficiency.  expect the same pillfirepharmacy customer service and fast shipping our regulars have come to expect on evolution! save $1.90 on hydrocodone 10/325 mg pills: http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2880 (only 30 pills at this price available) save $5 on klonopin 0.5mg x 10 pills : http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/listing/2858save $15 on neurontin 300mg x 30 pills:        http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2860save $11.60 on flexeril 10mg x 30 pills:         http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2861save $12.40 on prozac 10mg x 30 caps:        http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2877 save $9.20 on seroquel 200mg x 10 pills:     http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2881save on soma (carisprodol) 500mg x 6 pills:  http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2883stop by and check us out.  youll be pleasantly surprised by how well put together evolution is!
quote from: boogie on february 23, 2014, 06:15:16 pmi wish i could still get high. i miss it. ::pout::no more? i can totally respect that buddy.  what was your drug of choice?
what does it take for a new marketplace to get its own sub forum?
quote from: jackspay16 on february 22, 2014, 09:22:42 pmi am having the same problem with safe-mail.net and thunderbird. i am using thunderbird and gpg4win and cant seem to get it to work. i need to find a safe email address that is anomymous. any help appericated.thanks  i ditched the safe-mail for pgp purposes, instead created a gmail account while on tor. i use it only for this purpose and only for a week or two. actually i only use it to send pgp keys to myself into that same address, as this seems to be the only way i can atm add public keys to my keychain. im sure others will give a better answer.i now have made my first purchase and no emails needed, only pms.
quote from: oldisgold on february 23, 2014, 03:45:13 pmwhats the best - and most trustworthy -  btc mixer out there right now? bitcoinfog?i would say that bitcoinfog is the best. blockchain.info privides shared send and i believe its also quite good. if youre really paranoid, you can chain them (like: you -> btc fog -> you (2) -> shared send -> you (3)), but its also more expensive.
quote from: thekushlife on february 14, 2014, 03:05:52 amanother sheep lookalike...are you serious?  have you never heard of bootstrap?  its a web ui framework.  http://getbootstrap.com/just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are in any way related.
quote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 10:06:55 pmi guess we will wait and see what happens. is there any eta on the next announcement? how long will they draw this out?the last announcement from gox on thursday 20th feb:quote from: mtgoxthank you for your patience this week while we are working on re-initiating bitcoin withdrawals. in addition to the technical issue, this week we have experienced some security problems, and as a result we had to relocate mtgox to our previous office building in shibuya (details can be found here https://support.mtgox.com/home). the move,combined with some other security and technical challenges, pushed back our progress.as much as we didn’t want to only provide an “update on an update”, this is the current status. we are committed to solving this issue and will provide more information as soon as possible to keep everyone in the loop.we are very sorry for the delays and deeply appreciate your kind understanding and continuous support.best regards,mtgox teami dont think that tells us a whole lot about what we can expect from them and when.its now about 5 hours before the start of the new working week in japan, and im sure new funds will be landing in mtgox to buy up cheap coins and the price there will rise.but i expect that there will still be resounding silence from gox and as the week goes by the market will realise that gox customers are still no closer to being able to extract btc, dollars, yen, euros or anything else and all that trading on gox is people exchanging imaginary money for imaginary bitcoins. in a normal world, this means a drop in price, but then this is bitcoin, and everythings a gamble.
quote from: evilgrin on february 23, 2014, 06:37:53 pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars... lolthere this site i found bitcoinbuilder.com where you can buy gox btc with real in your wallet btc in the hopes they resume withdraws. quite frankly, i dont know why i bothered.  two days ago i posted this in response to your questionsquote from: floydy on february 21, 2014, 02:30:36 pmkeep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.did you skip what i wrote, or did you actually read it when you were fucked up on drugs so cant remember?thanks for your contribution to the community.
for return addresses, [strike]google[/strike] duckduckgo churches in <zip code packages are being sent from>. use the preachers name for additional legitimacy.
ive got all mine so far,  think ive done about 7  total deposits ( 2 recently) , i was just saying  i "heard" others say theres were missing.
ive seen those threads and its definitely on my radar.  that report of the diverted 0,2 btc to the 80 btc wallet is a bit alarming.  ive had the same experience as organix as far as withdrawals up to this point.  i had one small issue and messaged support, and they got back to me in three days.
quote from: dumpsterbaby on february 23, 2014, 02:33:24 amquote from: pillfirepharmacy on february 23, 2014, 01:57:29 amive seen those threads and its definitely on my radar.  that report of the diverted 0,2 btc to the 80 btc wallet is a bit alarming.  ive had the same experience as organix as far as withdrawals up to this point.  i had one small issue and messaged support, and they got back to me in three days. interesting. so how do you feel rearding its stability and security? i had deposited there...wanted to give it a shot but noticed what was obvious to many others at sr2 so i removed funds from agora.dumpster i just dont know for sure. ive learned to just take it day by day in this business.  its clear that these are the same things that we started seeing on sr2 before they took the whole cake, so its smart to be cautious.  to date, i havent lost a penny on transfers, and support has responded to me promptly so i cant personally say that ive had a problem.  unfortunately, it seems that these thiefs target certain users/venders, and leave others alone.  as an active vender on the forums, i dont think a site would target me or my btc as id definitely speak up about it.  that being said, because i dont lick defcons nuts, i of course wasnt offered any btc when i lost a few grand when sr2 pulled their heist.  i try to stand on my own two feet and think independently. i really hope the agora phantom btcs are just a mistake but time will tell id suggest just taking it day by day, and never let funds sit in any market account for over two hours. follow that protocol and youll be less at risk.  stay safe everyone.
now i dont know if i am going crazy or what.but made a couple withdrawals the other day, and noticed later that i didnt have all the btc that i was expecting.i went to agora to try and figure it out, but theres no transaction history with anything.i messaged support and asked them about the missing btc, and they kept brushing it off or ignoring the question.finally they more or less had me convinced that i was crazy and that i had less than i expected.but now im not so sure.  the more i think about it, the more i believe that only about 60% of my withdrawals hit my account.
i have not had this issue but am not ruling out those who did. it could be an experiment to divert to a cold storage/external wallet & the funds will be returned in time, agora staff, knowing opsec is of #1 importance, would not want to advertise this. just a tin hat theory but why would they do bits & bobs when they could wait until the site is more trusted, escrow is more widely accepted & implemented there & then drop the bomb. not buying it.theory #2 is there is a security bug & some member has found a way to skim thus staying inside.
+1 calcium
is this safe to do?  just how private are virtual private servers?  would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting a tor hidden service on it and take it down?what are your opinions on this?
quote from: boogie on february 23, 2014, 06:15:16 pmi wish i could still get high. i miss it. ::pout::no more? i can totally respect that buddy.  what was your drug of choice?
this is our newest store, and are offering 20% discounts on most of our listings in our evolution store: http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/profile/5368evolution is running exceptionally well, is very user friendly, and at the present time is processing all btc deposits/withdrawals with great efficiency.  expect the same pillfirepharmacy customer service and fast shipping our regulars have come to expect on evolution! save $1.90 on hydrocodone 10/325 mg pills: http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2880 (only 30 pills at this price available) save $5 on klonopin 0.5mg x 10 pills : http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/listing/2858save $15 on neurontin 300mg x 30 pills:        http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2860save $11.60 on flexeril 10mg x 30 pills:         http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2861save $12.40 on prozac 10mg x 30 caps:        http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2877 save $9.20 on seroquel 200mg x 10 pills:     http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2881save on soma (carisprodol) 500mg x 6 pills:  http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2883stop by and check us out.  youll be pleasantly surprised by how well put together evolution is!
it truly shouldnt be that difficult to understand how to use pgp.  i remember the first time i tried it out i had everything down within an hour, and i was using it from the command line.  with that being said, i do think gpg4usb is a really good pgp program.
+1 jack harkness
quote from: calcium345 on february 22, 2014, 11:48:43 pm@ turtletime, bro your doing yourself doing some bad pr work when you make statements like this. a people look at vendors character on these forums and decide if they can be trusted from what they have posted. just a bit of advise bro! happy profits exactly. that is why i tell my customers not to place any orders with me on extremely insecure markets like lolcannabisroadthat is why i dont lie to my customers and tell them that everything is alright, when i know it isnt.that is why i dont lie and try to cover things up after i have seriously fucked up.that is why i dont wait a week or two for the dust to settle and then do the exact same insecure thing i was doing.that is the difference between character and no character. if you need an example of the latter, swing by cannabis road.-1
quote from: calcium345 on february 22, 2014, 11:48:43 pmfuck guys! whats with this?? cant we debate like humans and keep a little bit of courtesy for each other in mind :/ @ turtletime, bro your doing yourself doing some bad pr work when you make statements like this. a people look at vendors character on these forums and decide if they can be trusted from what they have posted. just a bit of advise bro! happy profits thankyou, calcium. yes, can we please keep things civil in here? when people scream insults at each other i am not inclined to search for any rational points in what they have posted.
imaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars... lolthere this site i found bitcoinbuilder.com where you can buy gox btc with real in your wallet btc in the hopes they resume withdraws. at fist glance i thought you could buy 100s of gox btc for like .5 real btc but upon furter analysis the rate is .5 real for 1 gox so it basically doubles your money in theroy. not really a big enough gain to take a gamble on for me anyways but yeah...
mtgoxs recent "security issues" being given as the excuse for further delay was protestershttp://www.coindesk.com/japanese-police-shut-down-protest-gox/(please look at the pictures of the "protesters" - that was a "security concern"? lol)mtgox is careening into full-on bankruptcy - it is unavoidable. they know if they allow withdrawals, everything will be immediately taken out by 100% of customers,  they probably do not even possess enough btc to pay all the sales they are making at these low prices
every time i make a withdrawal it takes like 3 seconds or so. never had a problem.
quote from: thekushlife on february 14, 2014, 03:05:52 amanother sheep lookalike...are you serious?  have you never heard of bootstrap?  its a web ui framework.  http://getbootstrap.com/just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are in any way related.
i cannot believe sr hasnt been moved here yet!! we all knew defcon(artist)s bitcoin maleability explanation didnt add up. that was an outright lie. confirmed by a btc expert on cnn. so whats the hold up? i am under the impression that more than a few mods work for sr. is that why? still continuing the scam or propping up a scam marketplace? that shouldt matter much. the hub is supposed to be impartial and true. honest and correct. one looks to the hub for real information.alfred, did you get out voted at the mod round table or something? does someone have some dirt on you here? are you involved in sr in some way shape or form? (doubtful) i do not understand? so you ruffle a few feather... so what. it wouldnt be the first time nor the last.this is alfreds world and were all just lucky to be in it. please do the right thing and move sr to the defunct market or more appropriately the scam market area. it has been a long time coming and sr has earned it.
what does it take for a new marketplace to get its own sub forum?
for return addresses, [strike]google[/strike] duckduckgo churches in <zip code packages are being sent from>. use the preachers name for additional legitimacy.
i have close experience with women and the darkweb, i associate it with the pleasant absence of machismo, talking like this, using profanity and basically acting like some tony montana asshole...so i can see why that would be a positive thing...
quote from: organix on february 21, 2014, 07:13:55 pmi dont believe the part about hiring a hitman. this was said by le and by no one else. why do you believe everything cops say?this hitman bull is used by le to try and get support of the average fool. they are still trying to make people believe that drugs and murder go hand in hand.
how did you send an email with account paswords from a market place?
quote from: calcium345 on february 22, 2014, 11:37:05 pmquote from: sorrymario on february 14, 2014, 09:33:06 pmas the church lady would say,how conveeeeeeeeenient!:pquote from: brassballs on february 14, 2014, 09:01:24 pmwhyusheep2=defconbingo! give that man a cigarmy dick work  only if you can handle me lighting it.
i would assume that he is waiting for defcon to respond like the rest of us are.  we might as well give defcon an opportunity to gather evidence, consult experts, or whatever he needs to do in order to come up with the best defense he can put up.   then later people cant say we were unfair.
----------------------------
quote from: evilgrin on february 23, 2014, 06:37:53 pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars... lolthere this site i found bitcoinbuilder.com where you can buy gox btc with real in your wallet btc in the hopes they resume withdraws. quite frankly, i dont know why i bothered.  two days ago i posted this in response to your questionsquote from: floydy on february 21, 2014, 02:30:36 pmkeep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.did you skip what i wrote, or did you actually read it when you were fucked up on drugs so cant remember?thanks for your contribution to the community.
fortunately now we can just use agora or pandora and forget about the nightmare that was sr2.
quote from: thekushlife on february 14, 2014, 03:05:52 amanother sheep lookalike...are you serious?  have you never heard of bootstrap?  its a web ui framework.  http://getbootstrap.com/just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are in any way related.
quote from: organix on february 21, 2014, 07:13:55 pmi dont believe the part about hiring a hitman. this was said by le and by no one else. why do you believe everything cops say?this hitman bull is used by le to try and get support of the average fool. they are still trying to make people believe that drugs and murder go hand in hand.
i think that a good varity of hidden markets and the competition it brings helps everyone in the long run so im not only going to give praise to one market. if i think a market is well established and has good admins i will give that market my respect and praise on the forums. pirate market is from what ive seen a good market. its small right now so people discredit it, but i believe that a small market has benifits that a large market doesnt (a good support team is one example). i think that this market deserves more acknowledgment than it has now and people really should check it out. keep up the good work pirate market!
quote from: jackspay16 on february 22, 2014, 09:22:42 pmi am having the same problem with safe-mail.net and thunderbird. i am using thunderbird and gpg4win and cant seem to get it to work. i need to find a safe email address that is anomymous. any help appericated.thanks  i ditched the safe-mail for pgp purposes, instead created a gmail account while on tor. i use it only for this purpose and only for a week or two. actually i only use it to send pgp keys to myself into that same address, as this seems to be the only way i can atm add public keys to my keychain. im sure others will give a better answer.i now have made my first purchase and no emails needed, only pms.
im not a big fan of this new (post sr1 mostly) trend of signing messages on forums.  it removes all plausible deniability regarding if it was actually you posting.  if someone really needs to know youre you, they could just send you a pgp message using the old key, or better yet double encrypted wrapping one in the other.
+1 calcium
quote from: calcium345 on february 22, 2014, 11:48:43 pmfuck guys! whats with this?? cant we debate like humans and keep a little bit of courtesy for each other in mind :/ @ turtletime, bro your doing yourself doing some bad pr work when you make statements like this. a people look at vendors character on these forums and decide if they can be trusted from what they have posted. just a bit of advise bro! happy profits thankyou, calcium. yes, can we please keep things civil in here? when people scream insults at each other i am not inclined to search for any rational points in what they have posted.
quote from: calcium345 on february 22, 2014, 11:48:43 pm@ turtletime, bro your doing yourself doing some bad pr work when you make statements like this. a people look at vendors character on these forums and decide if they can be trusted from what they have posted. just a bit of advise bro! happy profits exactly. that is why i tell my customers not to place any orders with me on extremely insecure markets like lolcannabisroadthat is why i dont lie to my customers and tell them that everything is alright, when i know it isnt.that is why i dont lie and try to cover things up after i have seriously fucked up.that is why i dont wait a week or two for the dust to settle and then do the exact same insecure thing i was doing.that is the difference between character and no character. if you need an example of the latter, swing by cannabis road.-1
what does it take for a new marketplace to get its own sub forum?
+1 calcium
for return addresses, [strike]google[/strike] duckduckgo churches in <zip code packages are being sent from>. use the preachers name for additional legitimacy.
this is our newest store, and are offering 20% discounts on most of our listings in our evolution store: http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/profile/5368evolution is running exceptionally well, is very user friendly, and at the present time is processing all btc deposits/withdrawals with great efficiency.  expect the same pillfirepharmacy customer service and fast shipping our regulars have come to expect on evolution! save $1.90 on hydrocodone 10/325 mg pills: http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2880 (only 30 pills at this price available) save $5 on klonopin 0.5mg x 10 pills : http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/listing/2858save $15 on neurontin 300mg x 30 pills:        http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2860save $11.60 on flexeril 10mg x 30 pills:         http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2861save $12.40 on prozac 10mg x 30 caps:        http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2877 save $9.20 on seroquel 200mg x 10 pills:     http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2881save on soma (carisprodol) 500mg x 6 pills:  http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2883stop by and check us out.  youll be pleasantly surprised by how well put together evolution is!
quote from: boogie on february 23, 2014, 06:15:16 pmi wish i could still get high. i miss it. ::pout::no more? i can totally respect that buddy.  what was your drug of choice?
----------------------------
count me in!  cant wait for client-side bitcoin wallets to start building this feature in, but for now we should all still learn how the system works.  anyone is welcome to pm me to test run some transactions!
quote from: calcium345 on february 22, 2014, 11:48:43 pm@ turtletime, bro your doing yourself doing some bad pr work when you make statements like this. a people look at vendors character on these forums and decide if they can be trusted from what they have posted. just a bit of advise bro! happy profits exactly. that is why i tell my customers not to place any orders with me on extremely insecure markets like lolcannabisroadthat is why i dont lie to my customers and tell them that everything is alright, when i know it isnt.that is why i dont lie and try to cover things up after i have seriously fucked up.that is why i dont wait a week or two for the dust to settle and then do the exact same insecure thing i was doing.that is the difference between character and no character. if you need an example of the latter, swing by cannabis road.-1
+1 jack harkness
quote from: thekushlife on february 14, 2014, 03:05:52 amanother sheep lookalike...are you serious?  have you never heard of bootstrap?  its a web ui framework.  http://getbootstrap.com/just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are in any way related.
fortunately now we can just use agora or pandora and forget about the nightmare that was sr2.
i have close experience with women and the darkweb, i associate it with the pleasant absence of machismo, talking like this, using profanity and basically acting like some tony montana asshole...so i can see why that would be a positive thing...
quote from: calcium345 on february 22, 2014, 11:48:43 pmfuck guys! whats with this?? cant we debate like humans and keep a little bit of courtesy for each other in mind :/ @ turtletime, bro your doing yourself doing some bad pr work when you make statements like this. a people look at vendors character on these forums and decide if they can be trusted from what they have posted. just a bit of advise bro! happy profits thankyou, calcium. yes, can we please keep things civil in here? when people scream insults at each other i am not inclined to search for any rational points in what they have posted.
whats the best - and most trustworthy -  btc mixer out there right now? blond wigfog?
quote from: oldisgold on february 23, 2014, 03:45:13 pmwhats the best - and most trustworthy -  btc mixer out there right now? blond wigfog?i would say that bitcoinfog is the best. blockchain.info privides shared send and i believe its also quite good. if youre really paranoid, you can chain them (like: you -> btc fog -> you (2) -> shared send -> you (3)), but its also more expensive.
quote from: jackspay16 on february 22, 2014, 09:22:42 pmi am having the same problem with safe-mail.net and thunderbird. i am using thunderbird and gpg4win and cant seem to get it to work. i need to find a safe email address that is anomymous. any help appericated.thanks  i ditched the safe-mail for pgp purposes, instead created a gmail account while on tor. i use it only for this purpose and only for a week or two. actually i only use it to send pgp keys to myself into that same address, as this seems to be the only way i can atm add public keys to my keychain. im sure others will give a better answer.i now have made my first purchase and no emails needed, only pms.
no, its not particularly safe.   but everybody does it anyway.there are three huge problems with vps hosting for hidden services:1. its impossible to completely isolate the server from the tor instance providing the hidden service.   this means that the best youre going to do is a uid-based iptables rule to keep non-tor traffic from exiting the box.   quite a few people arent even bright enough to get this much right.   when someone gets root on the vps,  they can pull down the iptables rules and deanonymize the box in a second.  hell, ifconfig -a pretty much deanonymizes the box at that point.2.the vps provider has a *complete* level of visibility into your box.   if they choose to, theres really nothing they cant see or do to your environment.  they can strace processes, view memory, take snapshots while your vps is live,  etc.   their ability to directly read memory is the worst part.. they can scrape it for crypto keys, capture passwords, etc.   no method or amount of encryption on the vps can save you from this, btw.3. when someone exploits the vps-provider console/management interface, they have root on your vps instance - this one happens fairly often.  someone exploits a bug in solusvm or another vps-provider management console and gets control over every vps box in their environment.  including yours.a better solution is a rented, dedicated server, running xen or another hypervisor, and using the hypervisor to isolate the server (actually providing the http or other service) from the tor instance that advertises the .onion address:servervm->(private virtual network)->torvm->(internet)in that scenario, when someone pwns the servervm, they cant deanonymize it by sending arbitrary traffic out.. theyre stuck behind the torvm and can only send traffic via tor.  to deanonymize the servervm effectively, they need to exploit the hypervisor first.   in that architecture, the torvm should only be allowed to send in/out the tor traffic.  the hypervisor probably shouldnt even really be on a public network, except to bridge traffic to the torvm, and damned sure shouldnt accept arbitrary traffic from the internet itself.the best solution is physical isolation.   the server would be on a separate physical box from the tor instance, connected only by a crossover cable.   however, that architecture is difficult to find in a rented, anonymous environment.    if youre doing something that seriously annoys first-world governments, you probably have to worry about hardware deanonymization in that scenario, too (once someone has access, they can pull serial numbers, mac addresses, etc that may be able to identify the box via tracing the supply chain).a few handy tips if you have to use a vps:1. your http server should *not* answer requests on clearnet if its handling tor-based requests from a hidden .onion address.   nothing good is going to come from that, and a million bad things will come from it.   guaranteed.   your http service on a vps should only be bound to localhost, never to a real ip.2. actually, your vps shouldnt be accepting any clearnet traffic, aside from the tor traffic it needs open to function, and your management traffic.3. if you cant manage to set up iptables to only allow traffic to/from the tor process via uid, hosting a hidden service is not for you.  i dont give a shit what benefit you think youre providing to the world, youre just putting yourself and everyone that connects to your box at risk.4. bandwidth consumption, cpu/memory, and storage utilization are the three most visible pieces of information that a vps provider monitors.  if youre using enough cpu to affect other vps users the provider stuck on the (overloaded and oversold) vps hosting box, someone will eventually come looking at whats going on.    remember, the provider can see your individual process details, so theyre going to see that /usr/bin/strange_shit is consuming all the cpu.   and theyll wonder, what is that doing?
is safe to do? depends what sort of service. just how private are virtual private servers? they are private to everyone other than you and the vps provider who has full access,. would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting a tor hidden service on it and take it down?many providers allow tor hiddem services. it would be a trivial matter to find servers hosting hidden services.what are your opinions on this?you are depending on the vps provider. if you plan to use a vps… . pay with bitcoin… .  connect only via tor.red5[/quote]
i assume you mean to contact the vps over clearnet for management purposes.   a hidden onion service for management (ssh, onioncat, etc), or alternate connectivity method is probably a better idea than clearnet for management.   i personally wouldnt run a private exit node because its going to have to directly touch clearnet and tor and be identifiable to *me* on the clearnet side.but you raise a good point that should be reiterated to anyone reading this thread and deciding to set up a hosted hidden service:every interaction you have with the vps or hosting provider has the possibility of generating paths back to the real you.   payment is an obvious one, but so is logging into the vps console from your real ip (or a vpn), managing your vps/etc from a real ip, etc.    if youre using ssh public key auth for management, make sure you use the -c " "  option to ssh-keygen when you make the keys, so you dont leave "frosty@frosty" in there by accident.   once youre sshd in, make sure you do a set | grep ssh to make sure your ssh client isnt helpfully passing your real ip address along, etc.
its good to get that cleared up.no problems bro.
i think that a good varity of hidden markets and the competition it brings helps everyone in the long run so im not only going to give praise to one market. if i think a market is well established and has good admins i will give that market my respect and praise on the forums. pirate market is from what ive seen a good market. its small right now so people discredit it, but i believe that a small market has benifits that a large market doesnt (a good support team is one example). i think that this market deserves more acknowledgment than it has now and people really should check it out. keep up the good work pirate market!
i would assume that he is waiting for defcon to respond like the rest of us are.  we might as well give defcon an opportunity to gather evidence, consult experts, or whatever he needs to do in order to come up with the best defense he can put up.   then later people cant say we were unfair.
every time i make a withdrawal it takes like 3 seconds or so. never had a problem.
mtgoxs recent "security issues" being given as the excuse for further delay was protestershttp://www.coindesk.com/japanese-police-shut-down-protest-gox/(please look at the pictures of the "protesters" - that was a "security concern"? lol)mtgox is careening into full-on bankruptcy - it is unavoidable. they know if they allow withdrawals, everything will be immediately taken out by 100% of customers,  they probably do not even possess enough btc to pay all the sales they are making at these low prices
imaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars... lolthere this site i found bitcoinbuilder.com where you can buy gox btc with real in your wallet btc in the hopes they resume withdraws. at fist glance i thought you could buy 100s of gox btc for like .5 real btc but upon furter analysis the rate is .5 real for 1 gox so it basically doubles your money in theroy. not really a big enough gain to take a gamble on for me anyways but yeah...
and thanks for the help i have put posts in three seperate foruma and you were the only to respond so thanks buddy
your generosity shows no bounds!!! a million thanks
signed up at a certain email service awhile back and tied that as a backup for passwords to a market place.said password to marketplace was somehow lost or forgotten which is highly unusual, but it happens.sent new password details to backup email addressnever came and now i cannot login to mp but am expecting a farily important message soonreason for concern warranted or paranoid?also i have tried to contact support of the mp with no response.i have created a new account and notified the other party of my problem is this enough?
was sent from mp unfortunately i have no access to that baseball bat should happen just because lol
sorry what i meant was when i signed up at mp i put in my tor email account as default email just in case this happenedbut the email was never sent from mp to my email addyso here i sit
it truly shouldnt be that difficult to understand how to use pgp.  i remember the first time i tried it out i had everything down within an hour, and i was using it from the command line.  with that being said, i do think gpg4usb is a really good pgp program.
i think that a good varity of hidden markets and the competition it brings helps everyone in the long run so im not only going to give praise to one market. if i think a market is well established and has good admins i will give that market my respect and praise on the forums. pirate market is from what ive seen a good market. its small right now so people discredit it, but i believe that a small market has benifits that a large market doesnt (a good support team is one example). i think that this market deserves more acknowledgment than it has now and people really should check it out. keep up the good work pirate market!
quote from: cooked on february 22, 2014, 09:50:04 pmquote from: verto on february 16, 2014, 07:33:40 pmquote from: cooked on february 14, 2014, 07:58:53 amhello am i allowed to be a vendor on evolutioni think you should unban me from tcf regardsyou wont be getting unbanned from tcf - you had plenty enough warnings. you can join on evolution seeing you werent actually banned on tcf for scamming, but given your previous record on all other boards, i wont be surprised if you end up getting banned there also.actually, had no warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers, was not allowed. and the people i did call scammers, all ended up being what, scammers. its certainly a first that someone gets banned not for trolling, flaming, or spamming, but for calling people scammers. and, im not banned from any other board.just click your heels three times and say "theres no place like hackbb.  theres no place like hackbb.  theres no place like hackbb."
quote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 10:06:55 pmi guess we will wait and see what happens. is there any eta on the next announcement? how long will they draw this out?the last announcement from gox on thursday 20th feb:quote from: mtgoxthank you for your patience this week while we are working on re-initiating bitcoin withdrawals. in addition to the technical issue, this week we have experienced some security problems, and as a result we had to relocate mtgox to our previous office building in shibuya (details can be found here https://support.mtgox.com/home). the move,combined with some other security and technical challenges, pushed back our progress.as much as we didn’t want to only provide an “update on an update”, this is the current status. we are committed to solving this issue and will provide more information as soon as possible to keep everyone in the loop.we are very sorry for the delays and deeply appreciate your kind understanding and continuous support.best regards,mtgox teami dont think that tells us a whole lot about what we can expect from them and when.its now about 5 hours before the start of the new working week in japan, and im sure new funds will be landing in mtgox to buy up cheap coins and the price there will rise.but i expect that there will still be resounding silence from gox and as the week goes by the market will realise that gox customers are still no closer to being able to extract btc, dollars, yen, euros or anything else and all that trading on gox is people exchanging imaginary money for imaginary bitcoins. in a normal world, this means a drop in price, but then this is bitcoin, and everythings a gamble.
quote from: pillfirepharmacy on february 23, 2014, 01:57:29 amive seen those threads and its definitely on my radar.  that report of the diverted 0,2 btc to the 80 btc wallet is a bit alarming.  ive had the same experience as organix as far as withdrawals up to this point.  i had one small issue and messaged support, and they got back to me in three days. interesting. so how do you feel rearding its stability and security? i had deposited there...wanted to give it a shot but noticed what was obvious to many others at sr2 so i removed funds from agora.
from the old days of sr1 when this muppet started ranting about opening a new market i could smell a scam coming. i hope he gets his.
is safe to do? depends what sort of service. just how private are virtual private servers? they are private to everyone other than you and the vps provider who has full access,. would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting a tor hidden service on it and take it down?many providers allow tor hiddem services. it would be a trivial matter to find servers hosting hidden services.what are your opinions on this?you are depending on the vps provider. if you plan to use a vps… . pay with bitcoin… .  connect only via tor.red5[/quote]
i assume you mean to contact the vps over clearnet for management purposes.   a hidden onion service for management (ssh, onioncat, etc), or alternate connectivity method is probably a better idea than clearnet for management.   i personally wouldnt run a private exit node because its going to have to directly touch clearnet and tor and be identifiable to *me* on the clearnet side.but you raise a good point that should be reiterated to anyone reading this thread and deciding to set up a hosted hidden service:every interaction you have with the vps or hosting provider has the possibility of generating paths back to the real you.   payment is an obvious one, but so is logging into the vps console from your real ip (or a vpn), managing your vps/etc from a real ip, etc.    if youre using ssh public key auth for management, make sure you use the -c " "  option to ssh-keygen when you make the keys, so you dont leave "frosty@frosty" in there by accident.   once youre sshd in, make sure you do a set | grep ssh to make sure your ssh client isnt helpfully passing your real ip address along, etc.
no, its not particularly safe.   but everybody does it anyway.there are three huge problems with vps hosting for hidden services:1. its impossible to completely isolate the server from the tor instance providing the hidden service.   this means that the best youre going to do is a uid-based iptables rule to keep non-tor traffic from exiting the box.   quite a few people arent even bright enough to get this much right.   when someone gets root on the vps,  they can pull down the iptables rules and deanonymize the box in a second.  hell, ifconfig -a pretty much deanonymizes the box at that point.2.the vps provider has a *complete* level of visibility into your box.   if they choose to, theres really nothing they cant see or do to your environment.  they can strace processes, view memory, take snapshots while your vps is live,  etc.   their ability to directly read memory is the worst part.. they can scrape it for crypto keys, capture passwords, etc.   no method or amount of encryption on the vps can save you from this, btw.3. when someone exploits the vps-provider console/management interface, they have root on your vps instance - this one happens fairly often.  someone exploits a bug in solusvm or another vps-provider management console and gets control over every vps box in their environment.  including yours.a better solution is a rented, dedicated server, running xen or another hypervisor, and using the hypervisor to isolate the server (actually providing the http or other service) from the tor instance that advertises the .onion address:servervm->(private virtual network)->torvm->(internet)in that scenario, when someone pwns the servervm, they cant deanonymize it by sending arbitrary traffic out.. theyre stuck behind the torvm and can only send traffic via tor.  to deanonymize the servervm effectively, they need to exploit the hypervisor first.   in that architecture, the torvm should only be allowed to send in/out the tor traffic.  the hypervisor probably shouldnt even really be on a public network, except to bridge traffic to the torvm, and damned sure shouldnt accept arbitrary traffic from the internet itself.the best solution is physical isolation.   the server would be on a separate physical box from the tor instance, connected only by a crossover cable.   however, that architecture is difficult to find in a rented, anonymous environment.    if youre doing something that seriously annoys first-world governments, you probably have to worry about hardware deanonymization in that scenario, too (once someone has access, they can pull serial numbers, mac addresses, etc that may be able to identify the box via tracing the supply chain).a few handy tips if you have to use a vps:1. your http server should *not* answer requests on clearnet if its handling tor-based requests from a hidden .onion address.   nothing good is going to come from that, and a million bad things will come from it.   guaranteed.   your http service on a vps should only be bound to localhost, never to a real ip.2. actually, your vps shouldnt be accepting any clearnet traffic, aside from the tor traffic it needs open to function, and your management traffic.3. if you cant manage to set up iptables to only allow traffic to/from the tor process via uid, hosting a hidden service is not for you.  i dont give a shit what benefit you think youre providing to the world, youre just putting yourself and everyone that connects to your box at risk.4. bandwidth consumption, cpu/memory, and storage utilization are the three most visible pieces of information that a vps provider monitors.  if youre using enough cpu to affect other vps users the provider stuck on the (overloaded and oversold) vps hosting box, someone will eventually come looking at whats going on.    remember, the provider can see your individual process details, so theyre going to see that /usr/bin/strange_shit is consuming all the cpu.   and theyll wonder, what is that doing?
quote from: jackspay16 on february 22, 2014, 09:22:42 pmi am having the same problem with safe-mail.net and thunderbird. i am using thunderbird and gpg4win and can't seem to get it to work. i need to find a safe email address that is anomymous. any help appericated.thanks  i ditched the safe-mail for pgp purposes, instead created a gmail account while on tor. i use it only for this purpose and only for a week or two. actually i only use it to send pgp keys to myself into that same address, as this seems to be the only way i can atm add public keys to my keychain. i'm sure others will give a better answer.i now have made my first purchase and no emails needed, only pm's.
hello,users are advised to create a new 4096 bits pgp key. great, more security!the drawback is that it can be hard to trust someone who just created a new pgp key for one obvious reason: they could be someone else. there have been multiple cases where scammers or le have pretended to be well-known vendors to gain money or information. this is a very real risk with a new marketplace like tmg.quotefor example:- bob is top vendor on sr 1.0- sandra is a scammer or police officer- sandra creates a new account at tmg claiming to be bob, using the same writing style and a new pgp key - sandra collects as much addresses, btc, private information, ... as possibleluckily there is a simple solution to this problem: by using pgp you can verify your identity by "signing" messages. if someone signs a message with an old pgp key, that you for example saved to your computer before the wole sr fiasco, you can be more or less sure it's the same person.so to put my paranoid mind to rest i created this tread. for all we know, this site could be a very elaborate honey pot.i'd be very happy if some 'oldtimers' can prove me wrong by signing a message with their old pgp key! i've got about 50 pgp keys that i saved at sr1.0 - which include a great number of lsd vendors and avengers - so it shouldn't be so hard.
i'll go first:-----begin pgp signed message-----hash: sha1i highly doubt this whole site is a honey pot, but you never know!freedom before greed.love & light-----begin pgp signature-----version: gnupg v2.0.17 (mingw32) - winpt 1.4.2charset: utf-8comment: gnu privacy toolscomment: download at http://www.gnupt.deiqecbaebagagbqjtcisjaaojegbz27ppulxcv1wh/0redamb24jwwrxmhu2vs1m3escmyl4ev2dpea1rzceecsv43m3ieo/dgd058lvrizvrnyfevg8oykajeq1zlkkdvd7mdb6tkfd9x2fhp55l0vepyacgmxv5gn1xgxzaj0gzho4n3+lh9o6dpyj3sythvga7t1oh312iwqbzpmw5qb2byzl8++n8jvkxmy36ylu5/b5otwi4bv9x9+qjjcswlxlw9h4r07xfqq8wmqodhqblknasatitwhiyrjdh66jxzajfpxsgh2zmbe0warovbmjmiylrmk1pbxvke1gx3txq8e9qxn+1tn0nvgv5nrjkc1jalgo5jcoefkksiew==o6bz-----end pgp signature-----signed with the key i used at sr1 and other sitesquotepub 2048r/cf50bc42 8/01/2013 oldisgold <fake@mail.com>    primary key fingerprint:  9cfd 53ac 77ba dc93 e793 8633 66f3 dbb3 cf50 bc42 -----begin pgp public key block-----version: gnupg v2.0.17 (mingw32) - winpt 1.4.2charset: utf-8comment: gnu privacy toolscomment: download at http://www.gnupt.demqenbfdsfvybcachnevkqned65g2iykfangmrfctn2pxcneyc19oymsg7gi+qrawofihol3ep1c1ze69sozo1z6oy4uqtayhm4tvvjdpmtyooz3g/ril3awxpsohrfnrl6igv4twm5aafueepvs6utinaydub7tnankzhmdm4oyt6gxmt6s1um8ceyshwbugsksg9dncliq0xun/mlyebcr7zhe4y/on6mvzrmynezx+eumqnm5wf0hjz0hd9inlo+bfyb5bjjfgrwgwjpymi2dz11rczuwwcw/wnmc3ms+5wc3r32g4xezcfuknwpnna8inay/8qa3zfzor9iww8ebumflil3x9l0dlabebaag0gu9szglzz29szca8zmfrzubtywlslmnvbt6jatgeewecacifaldsfvycgwmgcwkibwmcbhuiagkkcwqwagmbah4baheaaaojegbz27ppulxcyrch/1lfubc/e4/cl4ji2e6n44yzlocw8/rsrgqodj27/brkdcehgitdakvpugrt/nrmnkjbyh0ur7gzgrgtooh7j8labnzi9h3l5zfwkxemlcun2cafgbqzqz4dmxy6jk61zugzwgbulf2dczggaqrfvmbwhjcuqq9go5nlwhftyy01ii9f/uzfbmw9b/xviztmxpmphivhescsypd8rlvw4ldzvqr6tmdgxraicuubk8/j7bkon+0wsu3rnlc/tpzdy+4kn0jgc2ep7e7+e4ejxb1zxh/nsjlwzuet4p5zlzngtiwjp4+dwxmhi1geuxw8m3k9czbtpm3xro1ngipabpo5aq0euowvvgeialjevvf4t4zbazmdixo9t3xue6yxq+hajhv0kco80vavsontt7a7vlyc3js3rwhz55yxs8rnch7n5p4ofumkdc7applazc+vcj8mghn0yalx8+u0vt/3900lbtq9c8k4dgpkszd3lkxb/mbweyaralv2sz+58p1dcpme6fok+qgnix65g4nolwevmsoiequ2zm2o4t3/3oufykyl3jtqjjgrtimrnxnfrax/jugcz3wm372gxbduouyegoht71fpqupuox688tu5ypwha4jzfidyseexgahkfnqevyncj5yukwtxv1ezrghhpqhnf4ecljmoruplt3plyrtfcdxybbmaeqeaaykbhwqyaqiacqucuowvvgibdaakcrbm89uzz1c8qop+b/9w7fgxbs4eailjh0a6icukj1ynefgo79n9sjnz0y0hozz6vr6jsfrvxkq29gp7gca9owi+chgls1zvgtjlzia522ofeueieit2s46gvh+v7mdqcpsqok+ypxa/ch+trrhp3caouoelhgkkqzfdo8ye0sgfcuoaviaul3py7pvvigycbda1qljkwseq8czkcv1qf3ksdwjnklhkw1qywfzy3zpeeddz25nbn/h1cmem9s+wcvwjyjlmxis0mfge9jm9k4is3fv0rmpmr5gl2+a1hy2ta74vai9pefb5ol22xbckbbr9yo9wbpg0u03knn8qaklel23thrixns2kxa8y=bxcm-----end pgp public key block-----here is a list of people who i already spotted here, and their "trusted" pgp keys.- animusvox (key id: 0x1322f879)- fartbomber (key id: 0xd4450054)- incogmagnito (key id: 0xa48e295f)- jerseycow (key id: 0xa044e49e)- jor (key id: 0x234c2163)- lsd avengers spokesperson (key id: 0x4224611d & key id: 0x08634367)it would be nice if you could sign a message.
thank you crepuscular!
i'll test quite a few and make up my mind then.
jor's toc refers to a particular liquid jor was, but is no longer, selling. i believe a vendor called nelsonmuntz is still re-selling it, but they are not on this board at the moment.really though, any avenger verified vendor is trustworthy and you can be as certain as possible that what you receive is good and real lsd.good luck man! you're in for a good time!
i am glad i still have some toc for a rainy day  let us know who you decide on ragnarr.
count me in!  can't wait for client-side bitcoin wallets to start building this feature in, but for now we should all still learn how the system works.  anyone is welcome to pm me to test run some transactions!
woohoo, due to helpful member, i am now ready and set to contact a vendor!" jor's toc" hmm, i wonder what this might be, i saw he listed pure xtal, the chepest would be 2.5 grand... so i guess i might look for a cheaper deal... thanks for the tips!
i'm not a big fan of this new (post sr1 mostly) trend of signing messages on forums.  it removes all plausible deniability regarding if it was actually you posting.  if someone really needs to know you're you, they could just send you a pgp message using the old key, or better yet double encrypted wrapping one in the other.
and thanks for the help i have put posts in three seperate foruma and you were the only to respond so thanks buddy
your generosity shows no bounds!!! a million thanks
is this safe to do?  just how private are virtual private servers?  would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting a tor hidden service on it and take it down?what are your opinions on this?
signed up at a certain email service awhile back and tied that as a backup for passwords to a market place.said password to marketplace was somehow lost or forgotten which is highly unusual, but it happens.sent new password details to backup email addressnever came and now i cannot login to mp but am expecting a farily important message soonreason for concern warranted or paranoid?also i have tried to contact support of the mp with no response.i have created a new account and notified the other party of my problem is this enough?
it truly shouldnt be that difficult to understand how to use pgp.  i remember the first time i tried it out i had everything down within an hour, and i was using it from the command line.  with that being said, i do think gpg4usb is a really good pgp program.
+1 jack harkness
we have requested a forum section here but until that comes we have opened our own forums. feel free to ask questions here, through pm, on our forums or through our help desk. we have implemented a lot changes recently.
thank you, we have requested a section but we understand if there is a waiting period. in the meantime people can contact our team in our threads here, in pm, on our forums or through our help desk. we have implemented a lot of new features recently and finalized our vendor rules such as no weapons, etc. the process has changed to become a vendor but vendor accounts are still currently free.
ive got all mine so far,  think ive done about 7  total deposits ( 2 recently) , i was just saying  i "heard" others say theres were missing.
ive seen those threads and its definitely on my radar.  that report of the diverted 0,2 btc to the 80 btc wallet is a bit alarming.  ive had the same experience as organix as far as withdrawals up to this point.  i had one small issue and messaged support, and they got back to me in three days.
quote from: dumpsterbaby on february 23, 2014, 02:33:24 amquote from: pillfirepharmacy on february 23, 2014, 01:57:29 amive seen those threads and its definitely on my radar.  that report of the diverted 0,2 btc to the 80 btc wallet is a bit alarming.  ive had the same experience as organix as far as withdrawals up to this point.  i had one small issue and messaged support, and they got back to me in three days. interesting. so how do you feel rearding its stability and security? i had deposited there...wanted to give it a shot but noticed what was obvious to many others at sr2 so i removed funds from agora.dumpster i just dont know for sure. ive learned to just take it day by day in this business.  its clear that these are the same things that we started seeing on sr2 before they took the whole cake, so its smart to be cautious.  to date, i havent lost a penny on transfers, and support has responded to me promptly so i cant personally say that ive had a problem.  unfortunately, it seems that these thiefs target certain users/venders, and leave others alone.  as an active vender on the forums, i dont think a site would target me or my btc as id definitely speak up about it.  that being said, because i dont lick defcons nuts, i of course wasnt offered any btc when i lost a few grand when sr2 pulled their heist.  i try to stand on my own two feet and think independently. i really hope the agora phantom btcs are just a mistake but time will tell id suggest just taking it day by day, and never let funds sit in any market account for over two hours. follow that protocol and youll be less at risk.  stay safe everyone.
now i dont know if i am going crazy or what.but made a couple withdrawals the other day, and noticed later that i didnt have all the btc that i was expecting.i went to agora to try and figure it out, but theres no transaction history with anything.i messaged support and asked them about the missing btc, and they kept brushing it off or ignoring the question.finally they more or less had me convinced that i was crazy and that i had less than i expected.but now im not so sure.  the more i think about it, the more i believe that only about 60% of my withdrawals hit my account.
i have not had this issue but am not ruling out those who did. it could be an experiment to divert to a cold storage/external wallet & the funds will be returned in time, agora staff, knowing opsec is of #1 importance, would not want to advertise this. just a tin hat theory but why would they do bits & bobs when they could wait until the site is more trusted, escrow is more widely accepted & implemented there & then drop the bomb. not buying it.theory #2 is there is a security bug & some member has found a way to skim thus staying inside.
+1 calcium
is this safe to do?  just how private are virtual private servers?  would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting a tor hidden service on it and take it down?what are your opinions on this?
quote from: boogie on february 23, 2014, 06:15:16 pmi wish i could still get high. i miss it. ::pout::no more? i can totally respect that buddy.  what was your drug of choice?
this is our newest store, and are offering 20% discounts on most of our listings in our evolution store: http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/profile/5368evolution is running exceptionally well, is very user friendly, and at the present time is processing all btc deposits/withdrawals with great efficiency.  expect the same pillfirepharmacy customer service and fast shipping our regulars have come to expect on evolution! save $1.90 on hydrocodone 10/325 mg pills: http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2880 (only 30 pills at this price available) save $5 on klonopin 0.5mg x 10 pills : http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/listing/2858save $15 on neurontin 300mg x 30 pills:        http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2860save $11.60 on flexeril 10mg x 30 pills:         http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2861save $12.40 on prozac 10mg x 30 caps:        http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2877 save $9.20 on seroquel 200mg x 10 pills:     http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2881save on soma (carisprodol) 500mg x 6 pills:  http://k5zq47j6wd3wdvjq.onion/user/listings/2883stop by and check us out.  youll be pleasantly surprised by how well put together evolution is!
it truly shouldnt be that difficult to understand how to use pgp.  i remember the first time i tried it out i had everything down within an hour, and i was using it from the command line.  with that being said, i do think gpg4usb is a really good pgp program.
+1 jack harkness
quote from: calcium345 on february 22, 2014, 11:48:43 pm@ turtletime, bro your doing yourself doing some bad pr work when you make statements like this. a people look at vendors character on these forums and decide if they can be trusted from what they have posted. just a bit of advise bro! happy profits exactly. that is why i tell my customers not to place any orders with me on extremely insecure markets like lolcannabisroadthat is why i dont lie to my customers and tell them that everything is alright, when i know it isnt.that is why i dont lie and try to cover things up after i have seriously fucked up.that is why i dont wait a week or two for the dust to settle and then do the exact same insecure thing i was doing.that is the difference between character and no character. if you need an example of the latter, swing by cannabis road.-1
quote from: calcium345 on february 22, 2014, 11:48:43 pmfuck guys! whats with this?? cant we debate like humans and keep a little bit of courtesy for each other in mind :/ @ turtletime, bro your doing yourself doing some bad pr work when you make statements like this. a people look at vendors character on these forums and decide if they can be trusted from what they have posted. just a bit of advise bro! happy profits thankyou, calcium. yes, can we please keep things civil in here? when people scream insults at each other i am not inclined to search for any rational points in what they have posted.
imaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars... lolthere this site i found bitcoinbuilder.com where you can buy gox btc with real in your wallet btc in the hopes they resume withdraws. at fist glance i thought you could buy 100s of gox btc for like .5 real btc but upon furter analysis the rate is .5 real for 1 gox so it basically doubles your money in theroy. not really a big enough gain to take a gamble on for me anyways but yeah...
mtgoxs recent "security issues" being given as the excuse for further delay was protestershttp://www.coindesk.com/japanese-police-shut-down-protest-gox/(please look at the pictures of the "protesters" - that was a "security concern"? lol)mtgox is careening into full-on bankruptcy - it is unavoidable. they know if they allow withdrawals, everything will be immediately taken out by 100% of customers,  they probably do not even possess enough btc to pay all the sales they are making at these low prices
every time i make a withdrawal it takes like 3 seconds or so. never had a problem.
quote from: thekushlife on february 14, 2014, 03:05:52 amanother sheep lookalike...are you serious?  have you never heard of bootstrap?  its a web ui framework.  http://getbootstrap.com/just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are in any way related.
i cannot believe sr hasnt been moved here yet!! we all knew defcon(artist)s bitcoin maleability explanation didnt add up. that was an outright lie. confirmed by a btc expert on cnn. so whats the hold up? i am under the impression that more than a few mods work for sr. is that why? still continuing the scam or propping up a scam marketplace? that shouldt matter much. the hub is supposed to be impartial and true. honest and correct. one looks to the hub for real information.alfred, did you get out voted at the mod round table or something? does someone have some dirt on you here? are you involved in sr in some way shape or form? (doubtful) i do not understand? so you ruffle a few feather... so what. it wouldnt be the first time nor the last.this is alfreds world and were all just lucky to be in it. please do the right thing and move sr to the defunct market or more appropriately the scam market area. it has been a long time coming and sr has earned it.
what does it take for a new marketplace to get its own sub forum?
for return addresses, [strike]google[/strike] duckduckgo churches in <zip code packages are being sent from>. use the preachers name for additional legitimacy.
i have close experience with women and the darkweb, i associate it with the pleasant absence of machismo, talking like this, using profanity and basically acting like some tony montana asshole...so i can see why that would be a positive thing...
quote from: organix on february 21, 2014, 07:13:55 pmi dont believe the part about hiring a hitman. this was said by le and by no one else. why do you believe everything cops say?this hitman bull is used by le to try and get support of the average fool. they are still trying to make people believe that drugs and murder go hand in hand.
how did you send an email with account paswords from a market place?
quote from: calcium345 on february 22, 2014, 11:37:05 pmquote from: sorrymario on february 14, 2014, 09:33:06 pmas the church lady would say,how conveeeeeeeeenient!:pquote from: brassballs on february 14, 2014, 09:01:24 pmwhyusheep2=defconbingo! give that man a cigarmy dick work  only if you can handle me lighting it.
i would assume that he is waiting for defcon to respond like the rest of us are.  we might as well give defcon an opportunity to gather evidence, consult experts, or whatever he needs to do in order to come up with the best defense he can put up.   then later people cant say we were unfair.
----------------------------
quote from: evilgrin on february 23, 2014, 06:37:53 pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars... lolthere this site i found bitcoinbuilder.com where you can buy gox btc with real in your wallet btc in the hopes they resume withdraws. quite frankly, i dont know why i bothered.  two days ago i posted this in response to your questionsquote from: floydy on february 21, 2014, 02:30:36 pmkeep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.did you skip what i wrote, or did you actually read it when you were fucked up on drugs so cant remember?thanks for your contribution to the community.
maybe check your sent mail in the account you sent the back up details from.or a baseball bat to the back of the head usually does wonders to the memory.
its good to get that cleared up.no problems bro.
and thanks for the help i have put posts in three seperate foruma and you were the only to respond so thanks buddy
your generosity shows no bounds!!! a million thanks
sorry what i meant was when i signed up at mp i put in my tor email account as default email just in case this happenedbut the email was never sent from mp to my email addyso here i sit
signed up at a certain email service awhile back and tied that as a backup for passwords to a market place.said password to marketplace was somehow lost or forgotten which is highly unusual, but it happens.sent new password details to backup email addressnever came and now i cannot login to mp but am expecting a farily important message soonreason for concern warranted or paranoid?also i have tried to contact support of the mp with no response.i have created a new account and notified the other party of my problem is this enough?
was sent from mp unfortunately i have no access to that baseball bat should happen just because lol
we have requested a forum section here but until that comes we have opened our own forums. feel free to ask questions here, through pm, on our forums or through our help desk. we have implemented a lot changes recently.
thank you, we have requested a section but we understand if there is a waiting period. in the meantime people can contact our team in our threads here, in pm, on our forums or through our help desk. we have implemented a lot of new features recently and finalized our vendor rules such as no weapons, etc. the process has changed to become a vendor but vendor accounts are still currently free.
fortunately now we can just use agora or pandora and forget about the nightmare that was sr2.
i think that a good varity of hidden markets and the competition it brings helps everyone in the long run so im not only going to give praise to one market. if i think a market is well established and has good admins i will give that market my respect and praise on the forums. pirate market is from what ive seen a good market. its small right now so people discredit it, but i believe that a small market has benifits that a large market doesnt (a good support team is one example). i think that this market deserves more acknowledgment than it has now and people really should check it out. keep up the good work pirate market!
quote from: cooked on february 22, 2014, 09:50:04 pmquote from: verto on february 16, 2014, 07:33:40 pmquote from: cooked on february 14, 2014, 07:58:53 amhello am i allowed to be a vendor on evolutioni think you should unban me from tcf regardsyou wont be getting unbanned from tcf - you had plenty enough warnings. you can join on evolution seeing you werent actually banned on tcf for scamming, but given your previous record on all other boards, i wont be surprised if you end up getting banned there also.actually, had no warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers, was not allowed. and the people i did call scammers, all ended up being what, scammers. its certainly a first that someone gets banned not for trolling, flaming, or spamming, but for calling people scammers. and, im not banned from any other board.just click your heels three times and say "theres no place like hackbb.  theres no place like hackbb.  theres no place like hackbb."
quote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 10:06:55 pmi guess we will wait and see what happens. is there any eta on the next announcement? how long will they draw this out?the last announcement from gox on thursday 20th feb:quote from: mtgoxthank you for your patience this week while we are working on re-initiating bitcoin withdrawals. in addition to the technical issue, this week we have experienced some security problems, and as a result we had to relocate mtgox to our previous office building in shibuya (details can be found here https://support.mtgox.com/home). the move,combined with some other security and technical challenges, pushed back our progress.as much as we didn’t want to only provide an “update on an update”, this is the current status. we are committed to solving this issue and will provide more information as soon as possible to keep everyone in the loop.we are very sorry for the delays and deeply appreciate your kind understanding and continuous support.best regards,mtgox teami dont think that tells us a whole lot about what we can expect from them and when.its now about 5 hours before the start of the new working week in japan, and im sure new funds will be landing in mtgox to buy up cheap coins and the price there will rise.but i expect that there will still be resounding silence from gox and as the week goes by the market will realise that gox customers are still no closer to being able to extract btc, dollars, yen, euros or anything else and all that trading on gox is people exchanging imaginary money for imaginary bitcoins. in a normal world, this means a drop in price, but then this is bitcoin, and everythings a gamble.
quote from: pillfirepharmacy on february 23, 2014, 01:57:29 amive seen those threads and its definitely on my radar.  that report of the diverted 0,2 btc to the 80 btc wallet is a bit alarming.  ive had the same experience as organix as far as withdrawals up to this point.  i had one small issue and messaged support, and they got back to me in three days. interesting. so how do you feel rearding its stability and security? i had deposited there...wanted to give it a shot but noticed what was obvious to many others at sr2 so i removed funds from agora.
from the old days of sr1 when this muppet started ranting about opening a new market i could smell a scam coming. i hope he gets his.
is safe to do? depends what sort of service. just how private are virtual private servers? they are private to everyone other than you and the vps provider who has full access,. would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting a tor hidden service on it and take it down?many providers allow tor hiddem services. it would be a trivial matter to find servers hosting hidden services.what are your opinions on this?you are depending on the vps provider. if you plan to use a vps… . pay with bitcoin… .  connect only via tor.red5[/quote]
i assume you mean to contact the vps over clearnet for management purposes.   a hidden onion service for management (ssh, onioncat, etc), or alternate connectivity method is probably a better idea than clearnet for management.   i personally wouldnt run a private exit node because its going to have to directly touch clearnet and tor and be identifiable to *me* on the clearnet side.but you raise a good point that should be reiterated to anyone reading this thread and deciding to set up a hosted hidden service:every interaction you have with the vps or hosting provider has the possibility of generating paths back to the real you.   payment is an obvious one, but so is logging into the vps console from your real ip (or a vpn), managing your vps/etc from a real ip, etc.    if youre using ssh public key auth for management, make sure you use the -c " "  option to ssh-keygen when you make the keys, so you dont leave "frosty@frosty" in there by accident.   once youre sshd in, make sure you do a set | grep ssh to make sure your ssh client isnt helpfully passing your real ip address along, etc.
quote from: thekushlife on february 14, 2014, 03:05:52 amanother sheep lookalike...are you serious?  have you never heard of bootstrap?  its a web ui framework.  http://getbootstrap.com/just because two sites use bootstrap does not mean they are in any way related.
i cannot believe sr hasnt been moved here yet!! we all knew defcon(artist)s bitcoin maleability explanation didnt add up. that was an outright lie. confirmed by a btc expert on cnn. so whats the hold up? i am under the impression that more than a few mods work for sr. is that why? still continuing the scam or propping up a scam marketplace? that shouldt matter much. the hub is supposed to be impartial and true. honest and correct. one looks to the hub for real information.alfred, did you get out voted at the mod round table or something? does someone have some dirt on you here? are you involved in sr in some way shape or form? (doubtful) i do not understand? so you ruffle a few feather... so what. it wouldnt be the first time nor the last.this is alfreds world and were all just lucky to be in it. please do the right thing and move sr to the defunct market or more appropriately the scam market area. it has been a long time coming and sr has earned it.
what does it take for a new marketplace to get its own sub forum?
for return addresses, [strike]google[/strike] duckduckgo churches in <zip code packages are being sent from>. use the preachers name for additional legitimacy.
i have close experience with women and the darkweb, i associate it with the pleasant absence of machismo, talking like this, using profanity and basically acting like some tony montana asshole...so i can see why that would be a positive thing...
quote from: organix on february 21, 2014, 07:13:55 pmi dont believe the part about hiring a hitman. this was said by le and by no one else. why do you believe everything cops say?this hitman bull is used by le to try and get support of the average fool. they are still trying to make people believe that drugs and murder go hand in hand.
how did you send an email with account paswords from a market place?
quote from: calcium345 on february 22, 2014, 11:37:05 pmquote from: sorrymario on february 14, 2014, 09:33:06 pmas the church lady would say,how conveeeeeeeeenient!:pquote from: brassballs on february 14, 2014, 09:01:24 pmwhyusheep2=defconbingo! give that man a cigarmy dick work  only if you can handle me lighting it.
i would assume that he is waiting for defcon to respond like the rest of us are.  we might as well give defcon an opportunity to gather evidence, consult experts, or whatever he needs to do in order to come up with the best defense he can put up.   then later people cant say we were unfair.
----------------------------
quote from: evilgrin on february 23, 2014, 06:37:53 pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars... lolthere this site i found bitcoinbuilder.com where you can buy gox btc with real in your wallet btc in the hopes they resume withdraws. quite frankly, i dont know why i bothered.  two days ago i posted this in response to your questionsquote from: floydy on february 21, 2014, 02:30:36 pmkeep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.did you skip what i wrote, or did you actually read it when you were fucked up on drugs so cant remember?thanks for your contribution to the community.
maybe check your sent mail in the account you sent the back up details from.or a baseball bat to the back of the head usually does wonders to the memory.
its good to get that cleared up.no problems bro.
and thanks for the help i have put posts in three seperate foruma and you were the only to respond so thanks buddy
your generosity shows no bounds!!! a million thanks
sorry what i meant was when i signed up at mp i put in my tor email account as default email just in case this happenedbut the email was never sent from mp to my email addyso here i sit
signed up at a certain email service awhile back and tied that as a backup for passwords to a market place.said password to marketplace was somehow lost or forgotten which is highly unusual, but it happens.sent new password details to backup email addressnever came and now i cannot login to mp but am expecting a farily important message soonreason for concern warranted or paranoid?also i have tried to contact support of the mp with no response.i have created a new account and notified the other party of my problem is this enough?
was sent from mp unfortunately i have no access to that baseball bat should happen just because lol
we have requested a forum section here but until that comes we have opened our own forums. feel free to ask questions here, through pm, on our forums or through our help desk. we have implemented a lot changes recently.
thank you, we have requested a section but we understand if there is a waiting period. in the meantime people can contact our team in our threads here, in pm, on our forums or through our help desk. we have implemented a lot of new features recently and finalized our vendor rules such as no weapons, etc. the process has changed to become a vendor but vendor accounts are still currently free.
fortunately now we can just use agora or pandora and forget about the nightmare that was sr2.
i think that a good varity of hidden markets and the competition it brings helps everyone in the long run so im not only going to give praise to one market. if i think a market is well established and has good admins i will give that market my respect and praise on the forums. pirate market is from what ive seen a good market. its small right now so people discredit it, but i believe that a small market has benifits that a large market doesnt (a good support team is one example). i think that this market deserves more acknowledgment than it has now and people really should check it out. keep up the good work pirate market!
quote from: cooked on february 22, 2014, 09:50:04 pmquote from: verto on february 16, 2014, 07:33:40 pmquote from: cooked on february 14, 2014, 07:58:53 amhello am i allowed to be a vendor on evolutioni think you should unban me from tcf regardsyou wont be getting unbanned from tcf - you had plenty enough warnings. you can join on evolution seeing you werent actually banned on tcf for scamming, but given your previous record on all other boards, i wont be surprised if you end up getting banned there also.actually, had no warnings that calling obvious scammers scammers, was not allowed. and the people i did call scammers, all ended up being what, scammers. its certainly a first that someone gets banned not for trolling, flaming, or spamming, but for calling people scammers. and, im not banned from any other board.just click your heels three times and say "theres no place like hackbb.  theres no place like hackbb.  theres no place like hackbb."
quote from: evilgrin on february 22, 2014, 10:06:55 pmi guess we will wait and see what happens. is there any eta on the next announcement? how long will they draw this out?the last announcement from gox on thursday 20th feb:quote from: mtgoxthank you for your patience this week while we are working on re-initiating bitcoin withdrawals. in addition to the technical issue, this week we have experienced some security problems, and as a result we had to relocate mtgox to our previous office building in shibuya (details can be found here https://support.mtgox.com/home). the move,combined with some other security and technical challenges, pushed back our progress.as much as we didn’t want to only provide an “update on an update”, this is the current status. we are committed to solving this issue and will provide more information as soon as possible to keep everyone in the loop.we are very sorry for the delays and deeply appreciate your kind understanding and continuous support.best regards,mtgox teami dont think that tells us a whole lot about what we can expect from them and when.its now about 5 hours before the start of the new working week in japan, and im sure new funds will be landing in mtgox to buy up cheap coins and the price there will rise.but i expect that there will still be resounding silence from gox and as the week goes by the market will realise that gox customers are still no closer to being able to extract btc, dollars, yen, euros or anything else and all that trading on gox is people exchanging imaginary money for imaginary bitcoins. in a normal world, this means a drop in price, but then this is bitcoin, and everythings a gamble.
quote from: pillfirepharmacy on february 23, 2014, 01:57:29 amive seen those threads and its definitely on my radar.  that report of the diverted 0,2 btc to the 80 btc wallet is a bit alarming.  ive had the same experience as organix as far as withdrawals up to this point.  i had one small issue and messaged support, and they got back to me in three days. interesting. so how do you feel rearding its stability and security? i had deposited there...wanted to give it a shot but noticed what was obvious to many others at sr2 so i removed funds from agora.
from the old days of sr1 when this muppet started ranting about opening a new market i could smell a scam coming. i hope he gets his.
is safe to do? depends what sort of service. just how private are virtual private servers? they are private to everyone other than you and the vps provider who has full access,. would the hosting company ever discover youre hosting a tor hidden service on it and take it down?many providers allow tor hiddem services. it would be a trivial matter to find servers hosting hidden services.what are your opinions on this?you are depending on the vps provider. if you plan to use a vps… . pay with bitcoin… .  connect only via tor.red5[/quote]
i assume you mean to contact the vps over clearnet for management purposes.   a hidden onion service for management (ssh, onioncat, etc), or alternate connectivity method is probably a better idea than clearnet for management.   i personally wouldnt run a private exit node because its going to have to directly touch clearnet and tor and be identifiable to *me* on the clearnet side.but you raise a good point that should be reiterated to anyone reading this thread and deciding to set up a hosted hidden service:every interaction you have with the vps or hosting provider has the possibility of generating paths back to the real you.   payment is an obvious one, but so is logging into the vps console from your real ip (or a vpn), managing your vps/etc from a real ip, etc.    if youre using ssh public key auth for management, make sure you use the -c " "  option to ssh-keygen when you make the keys, so you dont leave "frosty@frosty" in there by accident.   once youre sshd in, make sure you do a set | grep ssh to make sure your ssh client isnt helpfully passing your real ip address along, etc.
alright, thx! so if i want to order something from tmp or any other market that has multsig, i have to ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time?
quote from: floydy on february 23, 2014, 08:32:30 pmquote from: evilgrin on february 23, 2014, 06:37:53 pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars... lolthere this site i found bitcoinbuilder.com where you can buy gox btc with real in your wallet btc in the hopes they resume withdraws. quite frankly, i dont know why i bothered.  two days ago i posted this in response to your questionsquote from: floydy on february 21, 2014, 02:30:36 pmkeep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.did you skip what i wrote, or did you actually read it when you were fucked up on drugs so cant remember?thanks for your contribution to the community.oh.. i guess i missed that. im sorry dude i must have been reading fast. i legit didnt see it!please feel free to neg karma me.
tonight gox owner resigned from his position on the bitcoin foundations board of directors. a whale put 10k bitcoins on bitstamp (6mil usd worth) at about $580/btc and like 7k of them got bought, then the price fell some.my theory:gox insiders (who are able to withdraw coins from gox) are buying on gox and then selling on other exchanges and depressing the prices. not a new theory, of course. since btc has no rules, im not even sure it is illegal. if it is true, i hope gox is profiteering to rebuild its funds so gox can reopen solvent. i hope it is not just going rogue and ripping everyone off and hurting coin values as well.i wonder if the whale on bitstamp tonight is gox insiders buying coins from themselves to move the coins to new wallets and break the evidence trail of where the coins came from? not sure that would work really, but...?
so im trying to wrap my head around this whole multisig thing and i think i got down mostly, but im not sure about 1 or 2 parts, so hopefully someone here can help me out. the main concern i have is mostly about the security of it, because for what i know, it relies on a 3rd party to create a multisig address, right? now, what guarantee do i have that this 3rd party uses the public key i provided. and, what guarantee do i have that this address is indeed a 2/3 multisig, and not 2/4 or something else? is there any way of verifying this, and if so, how?
well if its all about trust in the end, is there any point to multisig addresses?
thx, that explains a lot
ahh finally.  ive been pestering people by pm for a week now.  the discussion on here is so empty for drugslist.  am i wrong for not wanting to discuss the other markets on here?
if you want to try out the torescrow dont want to run the risk of loosing your coin, check us out!team a1fbg has a few products to offer at the moment, mainly xanax and nbomes. we will also have our listings up for domestic mdma!!we focus on smaller user amount using full escrow dont fe!!! we dont require a minimum purchase so if you want to spend $4 and try out torescrow check us out! thankshttp://torescrow7upglhe.onion/users/5300431267b3db6b20000001
weapon vending+ market owning = very bad combination.
in my own case i ship firearms. i ship it in 3 pieces and ironically the receiver is the only piece thats actually illegal to ship. any handling of the gun i do with 2 pairs of gloves on. i thoroughly wipe each piece down with gun oil then a lint free cloth before putting it in a bubble mailer so no possible trace of prints. i use 3 different types of labels, different fonts with business label shipping templates. yeah im kind of anal about it..lol. the more professional you make your packages look the less likely they are to arouse suspicion. i live in a larger metropolitan city so what i do is i have a list of all the apartment complexes in a 10 mile radius. i keep track of how often i use each one. i use a fake name and simply dont put an apartment number on the return address. i take each package to a different post office each time...keeping track of which ones i go to. before walking into the post office i wipe the mailer down then bring it in holding it between my index and thumb. i swing it back and forth so people don’t wonder why i’m carrying it like that. as i’m handing it to the clerk i slide my fingers opposite each hard which gets rid of any print that might have been there. yeah…again…i’m anal..lol  with the receiver i wrap it in sticky lead tape to make it look like anything except a receiver to a gun in case it gets x-rayed. i normally throw other stuff in the packages too that are made of metal. never had one not make it.
i think if there is a referral commission in place we should not fill the pockets of other markets. we should all join under a referral link from our favorite vendor (that is on agora and silkroad) or those who are helping this community who has suffered the most from the theft.why not use this disaster as a small positive to try to fix our marketplace rather than line the pockets of people who will use our paranoid natures as darknet dwellers as a way to profit on our misfortune.everyone has probably got an account already but if not pm me for a referral but i would much rather people change accounts to an account that gives commission to the good members of the darkweb community.
quote from: sorrymario on february 24, 2014, 03:00:42 amwell its not deathowl collecting for "charity", but a modest scam effort none the less.c+oh snap! you beat me too it. +1 sorrymario
hard to take someone as a nice person for you i presume? if its about pming me it was because hell yeah who doesnt like free btcs but the bigger point was people should make sure commissions go to their vendors as a sign of respect or summit, w.e i dont know what i mean but it wasnt "scamming".
quote from: 26a2ueoc3xxrrgs4 on february 24, 2014, 02:32:37 amwe at darknet nation never or will ever have plans on being a marketplace. we are bigger than a marketplace, .onion site, reddit/r page. we are a movement. about the ip leak...we have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak an ip. we use pidgin with otr, google+, http, https, .onion, reddit, thehub, and many other technologies to disseminate information. btw amazon does accept vanilla visa, and we felt it is the perfect platform to beta test our site before moving it permanently. of course we will experience hiccups and roadblocks. this is a very ambitious project, and were in the very early stages of development. the hidden onion ip has been addressed, but we will also be hosting a clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having to suffer the lag of the tor network. rome was not built in a day! for those that can help, feel free to visit the site and start participatingdarknet nation26a2ueoc3xxrrgs4.onionno mention of javascript there.for most people operating the tor browser the lack of js is an absolute, non-negotiable prerequisite to taking an onion site seriously.can you explain why people should sacrifice such a huge chunk of security for whatever bells & whistles of your site require js, please?please dont get me wrong here - if your intentions are honorable then i wish you every success possible, its just that its anathema to tor users to enable js, so i think some kind of transparency is required regarding the function of js on your site.
howdy,i took a look at their site and some info they posted before.  i believe they are using a client-side javascript library that produces bitcoin private/public keys.http://www.deepdotweb.com/2014/02/21/darknet-nation-darknetmarket-social-network/cheers.
quote from: flaxceed on february 23, 2014, 06:24:13 amfortunately now we can just use agora or pandora and forget about the nightmare that was sr2.yes, it there werent other options available i guess i guess i would undertand the wrenching of hair and dressing in whole cloth, wailing away at the loss of their "market place" but there are vendors at the other markets up and running and doing fines. ive been using agora for the past month and no problems yet. if it ever becomes a problem, off to use pandora, or any of te other ones around. when sr2 gets its shit together, then if folks want, they can go back to the mp. until/if that happens, for the most part  i will continue to check in at sr and if i see movement being made to fix things, then i will decide to bring my business back. doesnt have to be like jr. high school girls getting the vapors over the whole damn thing. move to another market for now. i have placed a few orders on agora and everything seems to work just fine. problems i have been seeing havent had an effect on me. right now this is my go to marketplace.
ask the next man to provide the other 2 public keys, then generate the address (will begin with 3) and see if it matches the payment address he gave you. if it doesnt he is trying to scam you. make sure he tells you what order he passed the 3 addresses in (or try all permutations yourself).you can generate the addresses in electrum or bitcoind.
quote from: fromage on february 24, 2014, 06:17:59 pmalright, thx! so if i want to order something from tmp or any other market that has multsig, i have to ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time?yes, technically you could. but it really would not make much sense. by using the old system of escrow, you are putting trust that the server is going to pay out the money to the seller or refund it to you if there is  a dispute. in this case, you are just placing trust that the server is creating a multisignature address that is releasable to either you or the seller. if you intend on paying for your item, then what concerns do you have? requesting the public keys of the seller and server seems pointless, since it is the seller who would end up getting the funds. and this is why you choose trustworthy markets and vendors.....
quote from: fromage on february 24, 2014, 06:32:27 pmwell if its all about trust in the end, is there any point to multisig addresses?yes, it is to stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs to be unlocked separately with unique keys. i suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability to close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. so this is a bad idea for the server to do this. let me just say, that there is no more risk to doing multisig than regular escrow, and in fact less risk because a 3rd party hacker cannot steal everyones money. trusting the market is a choice you need to make on your own and if you want to deal directly with the vendor, then do so outside of the market.if the market is going to give its customers the ability to close deals while cutting out their market fees, it would not be worth it for the market.
i have a unique problem as someone stole my password and tried to pass themselves off as me on sr2 and i have had no help resolving this issue i created both pdxblack accounts at the same time and worked very hard to build a name that is solid on agora with almost 30,000$ in sales my first month.  the accounts had different keys but they are both mine.  i just dont want any of the shit this guy pulled to affect my name as i also have tha name on a couple other markets
we at darknet nation never or will ever have plans on being a marketplace. we are bigger than a marketplace, .onion site, reddit/r page. we are a movement. about the ip leak...we have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak an ip. we use pidgin with otr, google+, http, https, .onion, reddit, thehub, and many other technologies to disseminate information. btw amazon does accept vanilla visa, and we felt it is the perfect platform to beta test our site before moving it permanently. of course we will experience hiccups and roadblocks. this is a very ambitious project, and were in the very early stages of development. the hidden onion ip has been addressed, but we will also be hosting a clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having to suffer the lag of the tor network. rome was not built in a day! for those that can help, feel free to visit the site and start participatingdarknet nation26a2ueoc3xxrrgs4.onion
before i go deeper i would like everybody to really read the following clearnet article regarding javascript and tor.http://www.itworld.com/software/367979/tor-project-stop-using-windows-disable-javascript"the vulnerability was patched by mozilla in later versions of firefox, but some people may still be using the older versions of the tor browser bundle. the bundles browser, based on firefox, is specially configured to visit tor sites, which have urls that look like "http://fakenxc4qt76tg.onion/.""several tor browser bundle versions were fixed over a four-day period starting june 26. although the browser bundle will automatically check for a new version, it is possible that some users didnt upgrade, which could have put them at risk.""although unconfirmed, computer security experts have theorized the malware may have been used by law enforcement to collect information on people who browsed certain tor websites supported by a company called freedom hosting.  that hosting company is believed to be connected to a 28-year-old man, eric eoin marques. he is being held by irish authorities pending an extradition request from the u.s. on charges of distributing and promoting child pornography, according to the irish publication the independent."now..."really, switching away from windows is probably a good security move for many reasons," according to a security advisory posted monday by the tor project.""people using linux and os x were not affected, but that doesnt mean they couldnt be targeted in the future. "this wasnt the first firefox vulnerability, nor will it be the last," the tor project warned."ok, so we know that windows isnt safe. and anyone using an older version of the tor browser bundle isnt safe. moral, dump windows and/or upgrade your software! javascript is not a huge chunk of security. the fact that a site uses javascript should not be an absolute, non negotiable issue. the tor network and javascript are just tools, along with pgp, tails, pidgin, ssl, https, multi signature transactions, crypto currency and many many more that each user has at his or her disposal to stay safewhile its true our .onion site uses javascript, according to this article, so does about 90% of the websites currently running. our site is still functional even with javascript disabled. you will not have access to certain areas of the site, but your experience still should be enjoyable. we use javascript for some of the following, captcha, image/file uploading, free multi signature transaction app, posting of free classified ads, instant messaging, etc. although darknet nation does have and maintain a .onion presence we are actively working on the clearnet aspect of our movement. we are a movement. if youd like to help or contribute please feel free to visit our site and support darknet nation26a2ueoc3xxrrgs4.onion
i can confirm that the first time i moved a large amont of btc into agora i was fucking scared shitless. while follwing and coins through i saw a chunk of them coming out the other side, from my wallet to a different wallet. that scared the shit out of me, but when nothing came of that and my large amount of coins was safe, i realized that its how the tumbler works, and thats fucking awesome. i had an outgoing transaction on the blockchain from my agora wallet that was getting confirmations and everything. i didnt lose any coin, but it looked like i was getting drained for about an hour. this wasnt the case with coin transfers under $100.
well as far as missing bitcoins go i have been on agora for about a week but have not made any transactions.  i saw the link today about missing bitcoins so i decided to check it out for myself.  i first deposited a very little bitcoin to my agora wallet, and then a little more and finally the rest of what i need to make my purchase. all and all everything went ok bitcoins transfereed over in about a half hour give or take and there not missing there still in my agora wallet.
you might have better luck looking for the stolen bitcoins in a candy vending machine. ..
would it be safest then to host your hidden service on your own using your own servers using something like whonix or a similar setup?  if this is the safest way to do it, how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need?  how much would a large marketplace site need?  and, perhaps most importantly, would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected to tor?
quote from: jolly roger on february 24, 2014, 03:09:18 amif you are talking about hosting hidden services at home, i can tell you that the majority of people getting busted hosted it from home.examples please?
quote from: thekushlife on february 23, 2014, 11:43:08 pmwhat does it take for a new marketplace to get its own sub forum?this is currently being discussed at http://thehubaoydxrommh.onion/index.php?topic=962.0.
i think op makes a valid point
i have pushed 2.0 btcs through to escrow with no issues recently, showed up in about an hour. not to say that will happen like that ever-time would be nice thought to have a legit up front market.
tmi
quote from: enctype on february 24, 2014, 01:30:29 amwould it be safest then to host your hidden service on your own using your own servers using something like whonix or a similar setup?  if this is the safest way to do it, how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need?  how much would a large marketplace site need?  and, perhaps most importantly, would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected to tor?if you are talking about hosting hidden services at home, i can tell you that the majority of people getting busted hosted it from home.
quote from: patrick on february 24, 2014, 09:11:34 amwhat about (in theory) if you host it at your home, but the machine which the hidden service resides on, can only access the internet through an anonymous vpn service?lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own ip, since it is the network device (ex. router) that routes all communication through the vpn channel, and separates this machines segment from all other (internal) communication.would this be - some kind of - a safe solution?no because it still needs to connect to the vpn from your home connection. if the ip address of the vpn hosting the hidden service is ever discovered, it would not be hard to trace it to you. this exact thing happened to dpr, but he did not host it from home. he even connected to it from a computer cafe. they still found him.
quote from: enctype on february 24, 2014, 03:16:19 amquote from: jolly roger on february 24, 2014, 03:09:18 amif you are talking about hosting hidden services at home, i can tell you that the majority of people getting busted hosted it from home.examples please?freedom hosting, black goblin, utopia
what about (in theory) if you host it at your home, but the machine which the hidden service resides on, can only access the internet through an anonymous vpn service?lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own ip, since it is the network device (ex. router) that routes all communication through the vpn channel, and separates this machines segment from all other (internal) communication.would this be - some kind of - a safe solution?
quote from: gumby on february 24, 2014, 04:19:59 pmfh wasnt hosted at home. the server was in france. the hosting provider is believed to be ovh.none of the sr servers were hosted at home either but they were all discovered. the problem with hosting at home is that its undeniable you are the owner, whereas if you rent a server anonymously then even if your hidden service is found, they wont necessarily be able to find you.the point is, it is stupid to host from home.
another point i should mention is do not use plastic bags, plastic wrap, etc to stop odor. that and vac sealing do not stop odor for more than a few minutes. even triple sealing does very little and can be smelled by a human let alone a dog after 12 hours or so.use mylar at the minimum, aluminum foil bags are even better. seal them with aluminum tape found at home improvement centers world wide.>id also suggest using 2 layers of gloves. one cloth, then an external par of "nitrile" gloves, not latexthat will certainly work but no need for 2 pair of gloves. one pair of cotton will do the job, no prints will get through that. latex or nitrile will get hot as hell if you wear them for long, same with other rubber substitutes.
bandcamp91, those are good points. mirage, you just repeated what i said about plastic vs mylar or foil.if you can find gloves that fit closely, there is nothing wrong with wearing 2 of them, i just dont see the need. wearing 2 gloves to me is like having robot fingers that are super clumsy. nothing they can trace will go through a cotton glove, you are only wearing it long enough to do the packing.what are other ways to stop odor from coming through? 1. put the goods in a glass jar2. put them in a tin of some sort and tape it carefully3. pack them in pvc4. pack them in abs or other odor proof plastic.any other tips?
well its not deathowl collecting for "charity", but a modest scam effort none the less.c+
quote from: pothead on february 19, 2014, 10:23:00 pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt sr be considered a scam marketplace?or do they get a pass because they help fund this forum?i didnt realize at first you have a different market.  sr wont get a pass from the community and we are the ones that count.   the problem with making us prove it is a scam is that these admins hide their activities from us so it is impossible for us to prove anything.  so with this requirement of proof, nothing is a scam.imagine if a market takes all of our money and the admin says his dog ate the bitcoin.  that is impossible just like theft by transacion maleability but we still can not prove that a scam happened.  we can only prove that the bitcoins were not eaten / maleable.
title says it all. since we know admin fucked us whats there to do if theres a bug or a loophole found?
dont use.
quote from: thekushlife on february 23, 2014, 11:43:08 pmwhat does it take for a new marketplace to get its own sub forum?this is currently being discussed at http://thehubaoydxrommh.onion/index.php?topic=962.0.
weapon vending+ market owning = very bad combination.
ahh finally.  ive been pestering people by pm for a week now.  the discussion on here is so empty for drugslist.  am i wrong for not wanting to discuss the other markets on here?
quote from: cerver on february 23, 2014, 11:37:58 pmquote from: oldisgold on february 23, 2014, 03:45:13 pmwhats the best - and most trustworthy -  btc mixer out there right now? bitcoinfog?i would say that bitcoinfog is the best. blockchain.info privides shared send and i believe its also quite good. if youre really paranoid, you can chain them (like: you -> btc fog -> you (2) -> shared send -> you (3)), but its also more expensive.i also think that bitcoinfog requires a minimum deposit of 0.3 btc, which isnt that much if youre placing a big order but should be kept in mind nonetheless.
in my own case i ship firearms. i ship it in 3 pieces and ironically the receiver is the only piece thats actually illegal to ship. any handling of the gun i do with 2 pairs of gloves on. i thoroughly wipe each piece down with gun oil then a lint free cloth before putting it in a bubble mailer so no possible trace of prints. i use 3 different types of labels, different fonts with business label shipping templates. yeah im kind of anal about it..lol. the more professional you make your packages look the less likely they are to arouse suspicion. i live in a larger metropolitan city so what i do is i have a list of all the apartment complexes in a 10 mile radius. i keep track of how often i use each one. i use a fake name and simply dont put an apartment number on the return address. i take each package to a different post office each time...keeping track of which ones i go to. before walking into the post office i wipe the mailer down then bring it in holding it between my index and thumb. i swing it back and forth so people don’t wonder why i’m carrying it like that. as i’m handing it to the clerk i slide my fingers opposite each hard which gets rid of any print that might have been there. yeah…again…i’m anal..lol  with the receiver i wrap it in sticky lead tape to make it look like anything except a receiver to a gun in case it gets x-rayed. i normally throw other stuff in the packages too that are made of metal. never had one not make it.
well as far as missing bitcoins go i have been on agora for about a week but have not made any transactions.  i saw the link today about missing bitcoins so i decided to check it out for myself.  i first deposited a very little bitcoin to my agora wallet, and then a little more and finally the rest of what i need to make my purchase. all and all everything went ok bitcoins transfereed over in about a half hour give or take and there not missing there still in my agora wallet.
i can confirm that the first time i moved a large amont of btc into agora i was fucking scared shitless. while follwing and coins through i saw a chunk of them coming out the other side, from my wallet to a different wallet. that scared the shit out of me, but when nothing came of that and my large amount of coins was safe, i realized that its how the tumbler works, and thats fucking awesome. i had an outgoing transaction on the blockchain from my agora wallet that was getting confirmations and everything. i didnt lose any coin, but it looked like i was getting drained for about an hour. this wasnt the case with coin transfers under $100.
i have pushed 2.0 btcs through to escrow with no issues recently, showed up in about an hour. not to say that will happen like that ever-time would be nice thought to have a legit up front market.
tmi
would it be safest then to host your hidden service on your own using your own servers using something like whonix or a similar setup?  if this is the safest way to do it, how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need?  how much would a large marketplace site need?  and, perhaps most importantly, would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected to tor?
quote from: jolly roger on february 24, 2014, 03:09:18 amif you are talking about hosting hidden services at home, i can tell you that the majority of people getting busted hosted it from home.examples please?
dont use.
title says it all. since we know admin fucked us whats there to do if theres a bug or a loophole found?
so im trying to wrap my head around this whole multisig thing and i think i got down mostly, but im not sure about 1 or 2 parts, so hopefully someone here can help me out. the main concern i have is mostly about the security of it, because for what i know, it relies on a 3rd party to create a multisig address, right? now, what guarantee do i have that this 3rd party uses the public key i provided. and, what guarantee do i have that this address is indeed a 2/3 multisig, and not 2/4 or something else? is there any way of verifying this, and if so, how?
alright, thx! so if i want to order something from tmp or any other market that has multsig, i have to ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time?
well if its all about trust in the end, is there any point to multisig addresses?
thx, that explains a lot
ahh finally.  ive been pestering people by pm for a week now.  the discussion on here is so empty for drugslist.  am i wrong for not wanting to discuss the other markets on here?
sr. administration=1. active scamers2. black mailed to allow scamno matter how much it "improves"it cant be trusted.
quote from: floydy on february 23, 2014, 08:32:30 pmquote from: evilgrin on february 23, 2014, 06:37:53 pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars... lolthere this site i found bitcoinbuilder.com where you can buy gox btc with real in your wallet btc in the hopes they resume withdraws. quite frankly, i dont know why i bothered.  two days ago i posted this in response to your questionsquote from: floydy on february 21, 2014, 02:30:36 pmkeep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.did you skip what i wrote, or did you actually read it when you were fucked up on drugs so cant remember?thanks for your contribution to the community.oh.. i guess i missed that. im sorry dude i must have been reading fast. i legit didnt see it!please feel free to neg karma me.
tonight gox owner resigned from his position on the bitcoin foundations board of directors. a whale put 10k bitcoins on bitstamp (6mil usd worth) at about $580/btc and like 7k of them got bought, then the price fell some.my theory:gox insiders (who are able to withdraw coins from gox) are buying on gox and then selling on other exchanges and depressing the prices. not a new theory, of course. since btc has no rules, im not even sure it is illegal. if it is true, i hope gox is profiteering to rebuild its funds so gox can reopen solvent. i hope it is not just going rogue and ripping everyone off and hurting coin values as well.i wonder if the whale on bitstamp tonight is gox insiders buying coins from themselves to move the coins to new wallets and break the evidence trail of where the coins came from? not sure that would work really, but...?
ask the next man to provide the other 2 public keys, then generate the address (will begin with 3) and see if it matches the payment address he gave you. if it doesnt he is trying to scam you. make sure he tells you what order he passed the 3 addresses in (or try all permutations yourself).you can generate the addresses in electrum or bitcoind.
we at darknet nation never or will ever have plans on being a marketplace. we are bigger than a marketplace, .onion site, reddit/r page. we are a movement. about the ip leak...we have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak an ip. we use pidgin with otr, google+, http, https, .onion, reddit, thehub, and many other technologies to disseminate information. btw amazon does accept vanilla visa, and we felt it is the perfect platform to beta test our site before moving it permanently. of course we will experience hiccups and roadblocks. this is a very ambitious project, and were in the very early stages of development. the hidden onion ip has been addressed, but we will also be hosting a clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having to suffer the lag of the tor network. rome was not built in a day! for those that can help, feel free to visit the site and start participatingdarknet nation26a2ueoc3xxrrgs4.onion
weapon vending+ market owning = very bad combination.
thank you calcium345
quote from: flaxceed on february 23, 2014, 06:24:13 amfortunately now we can just use agora or pandora and forget about the nightmare that was sr2.yes, it there werent other options available i guess i guess i would undertand the wrenching of hair and dressing in whole cloth, wailing away at the loss of their "market place" but there are vendors at the other markets up and running and doing fines. ive been using agora for the past month and no problems yet. if it ever becomes a problem, off to use pandora, or any of te other ones around. when sr2 gets its shit together, then if folks want, they can go back to the mp. until/if that happens, for the most part  i will continue to check in at sr and if i see movement being made to fix things, then i will decide to bring my business back. doesnt have to be like jr. high school girls getting the vapors over the whole damn thing. move to another market for now. i have placed a few orders on agora and everything seems to work just fine. problems i have been seeing havent had an effect on me. right now this is my go to marketplace.
^^^ yea partial escrow is an excellent option to give vedors the piece of mind that they wont lose their ass if an escrow hack happens. bsm has gretly impressed me over the last few months. and juelz if you are running that ship, blackstallion thanks you.
quote from: fromage on february 24, 2014, 06:17:59 pmalright, thx! so if i want to order something from tmp or any other market that has multsig, i have to ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time?yes, technically you could. but it really would not make much sense. by using the old system of escrow, you are putting trust that the server is going to pay out the money to the seller or refund it to you if there is  a dispute. in this case, you are just placing trust that the server is creating a multisignature address that is releasable to either you or the seller. if you intend on paying for your item, then what concerns do you have? requesting the public keys of the seller and server seems pointless, since it is the seller who would end up getting the funds. and this is why you choose trustworthy markets and vendors.....
quote from: fromage on february 24, 2014, 06:32:27 pmwell if its all about trust in the end, is there any point to multisig addresses?yes, it is to stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs to be unlocked separately with unique keys. i suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability to close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. so this is a bad idea for the server to do this. let me just say, that there is no more risk to doing multisig than regular escrow, and in fact less risk because a 3rd party hacker cannot steal everyones money. trusting the market is a choice you need to make on your own and if you want to deal directly with the vendor, then do so outside of the market.if the market is going to give its customers the ability to close deals while cutting out their market fees, it would not be worth it for the market.
quote from: thekushlife on february 23, 2014, 11:43:08 pmwhat does it take for a new marketplace to get its own sub forum?this is currently being discussed at http://thehubaoydxrommh.onion/index.php?topic=962.0.
before i go deeper i would like everybody to really read the following clearnet article regarding javascript and tor.http://www.itworld.com/software/367979/tor-project-stop-using-windows-disable-javascript"the vulnerability was patched by mozilla in later versions of firefox, but some people may still be using the older versions of the tor browser bundle. the bundles browser, based on firefox, is specially configured to visit tor sites, which have urls that look like "http://fakenxc4qt76tg.onion/.""several tor browser bundle versions were fixed over a four-day period starting june 26. although the browser bundle will automatically check for a new version, it is possible that some users didnt upgrade, which could have put them at risk.""although unconfirmed, computer security experts have theorized the malware may have been used by law enforcement to collect information on people who browsed certain tor websites supported by a company called freedom hosting.  that hosting company is believed to be connected to a 28-year-old man, eric eoin marques. he is being held by irish authorities pending an extradition request from the u.s. on charges of distributing and promoting child pornography, according to the irish publication the independent."now..."really, switching away from windows is probably a good security move for many reasons," according to a security advisory posted monday by the tor project.""people using linux and os x were not affected, but that doesnt mean they couldnt be targeted in the future. "this wasnt the first firefox vulnerability, nor will it be the last," the tor project warned."ok, so we know that windows isnt safe. and anyone using an older version of the tor browser bundle isnt safe. moral, dump windows and/or upgrade your software! javascript is not a huge chunk of security. the fact that a site uses javascript should not be an absolute, non negotiable issue. the tor network and javascript are just tools, along with pgp, tails, pidgin, ssl, https, multi signature transactions, crypto currency and many many more that each user has at his or her disposal to stay safewhile its true our .onion site uses javascript, according to this article, so does about 90% of the websites currently running. our site is still functional even with javascript disabled. you will not have access to certain areas of the site, but your experience still should be enjoyable. we use javascript for some of the following, captcha, image/file uploading, free multi signature transaction app, posting of free classified ads, instant messaging, etc. although darknet nation does have and maintain a .onion presence we are actively working on the clearnet aspect of our movement. we are a movement. if youd like to help or contribute please feel free to visit our site and support darknet nation26a2ueoc3xxrrgs4.onion
well its not deathowl collecting for "charity", but a modest scam effort none the less.c+
in my own case i ship firearms. i ship it in 3 pieces and ironically the receiver is the only piece thats actually illegal to ship. any handling of the gun i do with 2 pairs of gloves on. i thoroughly wipe each piece down with gun oil then a lint free cloth before putting it in a bubble mailer so no possible trace of prints. i use 3 different types of labels, different fonts with business label shipping templates. yeah im kind of anal about it..lol. the more professional you make your packages look the less likely they are to arouse suspicion. i live in a larger metropolitan city so what i do is i have a list of all the apartment complexes in a 10 mile radius. i keep track of how often i use each one. i use a fake name and simply dont put an apartment number on the return address. i take each package to a different post office each time...keeping track of which ones i go to. before walking into the post office i wipe the mailer down then bring it in holding it between my index and thumb. i swing it back and forth so people don’t wonder why i’m carrying it like that. as i’m handing it to the clerk i slide my fingers opposite each hard which gets rid of any print that might have been there. yeah…again…i’m anal..lol  with the receiver i wrap it in sticky lead tape to make it look like anything except a receiver to a gun in case it gets x-rayed. i normally throw other stuff in the packages too that are made of metal. never had one not make it.
quote from: pothead on february 19, 2014, 10:23:00 pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt sr be considered a scam marketplace?or do they get a pass because they help fund this forum?i didnt realize at first you have a different market.  sr wont get a pass from the community and we are the ones that count.   the problem with making us prove it is a scam is that these admins hide their activities from us so it is impossible for us to prove anything.  so with this requirement of proof, nothing is a scam.imagine if a market takes all of our money and the admin says his dog ate the bitcoin.  that is impossible just like theft by transacion maleability but we still can not prove that a scam happened.  we can only prove that the bitcoins were not eaten / maleable.
i think op makes a valid point
quote from: delysid on february 23, 2014, 09:45:20 pmim not a big fan of this new (post sr1 mostly) trend of signing messages on forums.  it removes all plausible deniability regarding if it was actually you posting.  if someone really needs to know youre you, they could just send you a pgp message using the old key, or better yet double encrypted wrapping one in the other.smart ...dont do it!
catharsis that pretty much says it all.  agora is still number one i think. pandora seems a bit too slow.
i didnt see it as douchey, but more a lesson in subtlety.
^^^ yea partial escrow is an excellent option to give vedors the piece of mind that they wont lose their ass if an escrow hack happens. bsm has gretly impressed me over the last few months. and juelz if you are running that ship, blackstallion thanks you.
ahh finally.  ive been pestering people by pm for a week now.  the discussion on here is so empty for drugslist.  am i wrong for not wanting to discuss the other markets on here?
you might have better luck looking for the stolen bitcoins in a candy vending machine. ..
i believe shared send option has now been removed from blockchain.info
quote from: thekushlife on february 23, 2014, 11:43:08 pmwhat does it take for a new marketplace to get its own sub forum?this is currently being discussed at http://thehubaoydxrommh.onion/index.php?topic=962.0.
weapon vending+ market owning = very bad combination.
i believe shared send option has now been removed from blockchain.info
^^^ yea partial escrow is an excellent option to give vedors the piece of mind that they wont lose their ass if an escrow hack happens. bsm has gretly impressed me over the last few months. and juelz if you are running that ship, blackstallion thanks you.
thank you calcium345
sr. administration=1. active scamers2. black mailed to allow scamno matter how much it "improves"it cant be trusted.
i didnt see it as douchey, but more a lesson in subtlety.
catharsis that pretty much says it all.  agora is still number one i think. pandora seems a bit too slow.
quote from: cerver on february 23, 2014, 11:37:58 pmquote from: oldisgold on february 23, 2014, 03:45:13 pmwhats the best - and most trustworthy -  btc mixer out there right now? blond wigfog?i would say that bitcoinfog is the best. blockchain.info privides shared send and i believe its also quite good. if youre really paranoid, you can chain them (like: you -> btc fog -> you (2) -> shared send -> you (3)), but its also more expensive.i also think that bitcoinfog requires a minimum deposit of 0.3 btc, which isnt that much if youre placing a big order but should be kept in mind nonetheless.
quote from: enctype on february 24, 2014, 03:16:19 amquote from: jolly roger on february 24, 2014, 03:09:18 amif you are talking about hosting hidden services at home, i can tell you that the majority of people getting busted hosted it from home.examples please?utopia
gumby is right.. fh was at ovh in france.   and, based on opdarknet logs and their owners posts on clearnet forums, im fairly confident they were using virtual isolation.and however they got caught, im fairly sure it wasnt because they incorrectly isolated their server instances.as with almost any security decision, its balancing risks and rewards.   vps-based hosting gives you the risk of being discovered by the vps provider (assuming youre doing something the provider cares about), and if the box gets hacked, itll get deanonymized.   you balance that with the awareness that a vps environment should be disposable, with nothing to tie it to its owner.  of course, you cant ensure the integrity of any of your data or onion key in that environment, so plan accordingly.hosting at home seems stupid once youre deanonymized.  but if you can effectively use physical isolation, and do it right, you are probably much more resistant to being deanonymized in the first place.   i dont think thats as crazy of an idea as people think, but you better be damned sure youre doing it right if you go that route.theres not a perfect solution.  anonymously renting a dedicated server and using a hypervisor to provide isolation is probably the best balance.
alright, thx! so if i want to order something from tmp or any other market that has multsig, i have to ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time?
quote from: floydy on february 23, 2014, 08:32:30 pmquote from: evilgrin on february 23, 2014, 06:37:53 pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars... lolthere this site i found bitcoinbuilder.com where you can buy gox btc with real in your wallet btc in the hopes they resume withdraws. quite frankly, i dont know why i bothered.  two days ago i posted this in response to your questionsquote from: floydy on february 21, 2014, 02:30:36 pmkeep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.did you skip what i wrote, or did you actually read it when you were fucked up on drugs so cant remember?thanks for your contribution to the community.oh.. i guess i missed that. im sorry dude i must have been reading fast. i legit didnt see it!please feel free to neg karma me.
tonight gox owner resigned from his position on the bitcoin foundations board of directors. a whale put 10k bitcoins on bitstamp (6mil usd worth) at about $580/btc and like 7k of them got bought, then the price fell some.my theory:gox insiders (who are able to withdraw coins from gox) are buying on gox and then selling on other exchanges and depressing the prices. not a new theory, of course. since btc has no rules, im not even sure it is illegal. if it is true, i hope gox is profiteering to rebuild its funds so gox can reopen solvent. i hope it is not just going rogue and ripping everyone off and hurting coin values as well.i wonder if the whale on bitstamp tonight is gox insiders buying coins from themselves to move the coins to new wallets and break the evidence trail of where the coins came from? not sure that would work really, but...?
so im trying to wrap my head around this whole multisig thing and i think i got down mostly, but im not sure about 1 or 2 parts, so hopefully someone here can help me out. the main concern i have is mostly about the security of it, because for what i know, it relies on a 3rd party to create a multisig address, right? now, what guarantee do i have that this 3rd party uses the public key i provided. and, what guarantee do i have that this address is indeed a 2/3 multisig, and not 2/4 or something else? is there any way of verifying this, and if so, how?
well if its all about trust in the end, is there any point to multisig addresses?
thx, that explains a lot
ahh finally.  ive been pestering people by pm for a week now.  the discussion on here is so empty for drugslist.  am i wrong for not wanting to discuss the other markets on here?
hard to take someone as a nice person for you i presume? if its about pming me it was because hell yeah who doesnt like free btcs but the bigger point was people should make sure commissions go to their vendors as a sign of respect or summit, w.e i dont know what i mean but it wasnt "scamming".
quote from: sorrymario on february 24, 2014, 03:00:42 amwell its not deathowl collecting for "charity", but a modest scam effort none the less.c+oh snap! you beat me too it. +1 sorrymario
i think if there is a referral commission in place we should not fill the pockets of other markets. we should all join under a referral link from our favorite vendor (that is on agora and silkroad) or those who are helping this community who has suffered the most from the theft.why not use this disaster as a small positive to try to fix our marketplace rather than line the pockets of people who will use our paranoid natures as darknet dwellers as a way to profit on our misfortune.everyone has probably got an account already but if not pm me for a referral but i would much rather people change accounts to an account that gives commission to the good members of the darkweb community.
quote from: gumby on february 24, 2014, 04:19:59 pmfh wasnt hosted at home. the server was in france. the hosting provider is believed to be ovh.none of the sr servers were hosted at home either but they were all discovered. the problem with hosting at home is that its undeniable you are the owner, whereas if you rent a server anonymously then even if your hidden service is found, they wont necessarily be able to find you.the point is, it is stupid to host from home.
quote from: enctype on february 24, 2014, 03:16:19 amquote from: jolly roger on february 24, 2014, 03:09:18 amif you are talking about hosting hidden services at home, i can tell you that the majority of people getting busted hosted it from home.examples please?freedom hosting, black goblin, utopia
quote from: patrick on february 24, 2014, 09:11:34 amwhat about (in theory) if you host it at your home, but the machine which the hidden service resides on, can only access the internet through an anonymous vpn service?lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own ip, since it is the network device (ex. router) that routes all communication through the vpn channel, and separates this machines segment from all other (internal) communication.would this be - some kind of - a safe solution?no because it still needs to connect to the vpn from your home connection. if the ip address of the vpn hosting the hidden service is ever discovered, it would not be hard to trace it to you. this exact thing happened to dpr, but he did not host it from home. he even connected to it from a computer cafe. they still found him.
what about (in theory) if you host it at your home, but the machine which the hidden service resides on, can only access the internet through an anonymous vpn service?lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own ip, since it is the network device (ex. router) that routes all communication through the vpn channel, and separates this machines segment from all other (internal) communication.would this be - some kind of - a safe solution?
quote from: enctype on february 24, 2014, 01:30:29 amwould it be safest then to host your hidden service on your own using your own servers using something like whonix or a similar setup?  if this is the safest way to do it, how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need?  how much would a large marketplace site need?  and, perhaps most importantly, would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected to tor?if you are talking about hosting hidden services at home, i can tell you that the majority of people getting busted hosted it from home.
quote from: enctype on february 24, 2014, 03:16:19 amquote from: jolly roger on february 24, 2014, 03:09:18 amif you are talking about hosting hidden services at home, i can tell you that the majority of people getting busted hosted it from home.examples please?utopia
gumby is right.. fh was at ovh in france.   and, based on opdarknet logs and their owners posts on clearnet forums, im fairly confident they were using virtual isolation.and however they got caught, im fairly sure it wasnt because they incorrectly isolated their server instances.as with almost any security decision, its balancing risks and rewards.   vps-based hosting gives you the risk of being discovered by the vps provider (assuming youre doing something the provider cares about), and if the box gets hacked, itll get deanonymized.   you balance that with the awareness that a vps environment should be disposable, with nothing to tie it to its owner.  of course, you cant ensure the integrity of any of your data or onion key in that environment, so plan accordingly.hosting at home seems stupid once youre deanonymized.  but if you can effectively use physical isolation, and do it right, you are probably much more resistant to being deanonymized in the first place.   i dont think thats as crazy of an idea as people think, but you better be damned sure youre doing it right if you go that route.theres not a perfect solution.  anonymously renting a dedicated server and using a hypervisor to provide isolation is probably the best balance.
quote from: delysid on february 23, 2014, 09:45:20 pmi'm not a big fan of this new (post sr1 mostly) trend of signing messages on forums.  it removes all plausible deniability regarding if it was actually you posting.  if someone really needs to know you're you, they could just send you a pgp message using the old key, or better yet double encrypted wrapping one in the other.smart ...dont do it!
thats the spirit
i think op makes a valid point
would it be safest then to host your hidden service on your own using your own servers using something like whonix or a similar setup?  if this is the safest way to do it, how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need?  how much would a large marketplace site need?  and, perhaps most importantly, would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected to tor?
quote from: jolly roger on february 24, 2014, 03:09:18 amif you are talking about hosting hidden services at home, i can tell you that the majority of people getting busted hosted it from home.examples please?
so im trying to wrap my head around this whole multisig thing and i think i got down mostly, but im not sure about 1 or 2 parts, so hopefully someone here can help me out. the main concern i have is mostly about the security of it, because for what i know, it relies on a 3rd party to create a multisig address, right? now, what guarantee do i have that this 3rd party uses the public key i provided. and, what guarantee do i have that this address is indeed a 2/3 multisig, and not 2/4 or something else? is there any way of verifying this, and if so, how?
alright, thx! so if i want to order something from tmp or any other market that has multsig, i have to ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time?
thx, that explains a lot
sr. administration=1. active scamers2. black mailed to allow scamno matter how much it "improves"it cant be trusted.
if you want to try out the torescrow dont want to run the risk of loosing your coin, check us out!team a1fbg has a few products to offer at the moment, mainly xanax and nbomes. we will also have our listings up for domestic mdma!!we focus on smaller user amount using full escrow dont fe!!! we dont require a minimum purchase so if you want to spend $4 and try out torescrow check us out! thankshttp://torescrow7upglhe.onion/users/5300431267b3db6b20000001
we at darknet nation never or will ever have plans on being a marketplace. we are bigger than a marketplace, .onion site, reddit/r page. we are a movement. about the ip leak...we have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak an ip. we use pidgin with otr, google+, http, https, .onion, reddit, thehub, and many other technologies to disseminate information. btw amazon does accept vanilla visa, and we felt it is the perfect platform to beta test our site before moving it permanently. of course we will experience hiccups and roadblocks. this is a very ambitious project, and were in the very early stages of development. the hidden onion ip has been addressed, but we will also be hosting a clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having to suffer the lag of the tor network. rome was not built in a day! for those that can help, feel free to visit the site and start participatingdarknet nation26a2ueoc3xxrrgs4.onion
before i go deeper i would like everybody to really read the following clearnet article regarding javascript and tor.http://www.itworld.com/software/367979/tor-project-stop-using-windows-disable-javascript"the vulnerability was patched by mozilla in later versions of firefox, but some people may still be using the older versions of the tor browser bundle. the bundles browser, based on firefox, is specially configured to visit tor sites, which have urls that look like "http://fakenxc4qt76tg.onion/.""several tor browser bundle versions were fixed over a four-day period starting june 26. although the browser bundle will automatically check for a new version, it is possible that some users didnt upgrade, which could have put them at risk.""although unconfirmed, computer security experts have theorized the malware may have been used by law enforcement to collect information on people who browsed certain tor websites supported by a company called freedom hosting.  that hosting company is believed to be connected to a 28-year-old man, eric eoin marques. he is being held by irish authorities pending an extradition request from the u.s. on charges of distributing and promoting child pornography, according to the irish publication the independent."now..."really, switching away from windows is probably a good security move for many reasons," according to a security advisory posted monday by the tor project.""people using linux and os x were not affected, but that doesnt mean they couldnt be targeted in the future. "this wasnt the first firefox vulnerability, nor will it be the last," the tor project warned."ok, so we know that windows isnt safe. and anyone using an older version of the tor browser bundle isnt safe. moral, dump windows and/or upgrade your software! javascript is not a huge chunk of security. the fact that a site uses javascript should not be an absolute, non negotiable issue. the tor network and javascript are just tools, along with pgp, tails, pidgin, ssl, https, multi signature transactions, crypto currency and many many more that each user has at his or her disposal to stay safewhile its true our .onion site uses javascript, according to this article, so does about 90% of the websites currently running. our site is still functional even with javascript disabled. you will not have access to certain areas of the site, but your experience still should be enjoyable. we use javascript for some of the following, captcha, image/file uploading, free multi signature transaction app, posting of free classified ads, instant messaging, etc. although darknet nation does have and maintain a .onion presence we are actively working on the clearnet aspect of our movement. we are a movement. if youd like to help or contribute please feel free to visit our site and support darknet nation26a2ueoc3xxrrgs4.onion
i can confirm that the first time i moved a large amont of btc into agora i was fucking scared shitless. while follwing and coins through i saw a chunk of them coming out the other side, from my wallet to a different wallet. that scared the shit out of me, but when nothing came of that and my large amount of coins was safe, i realized that its how the tumbler works, and thats fucking awesome. i had an outgoing transaction on the blockchain from my agora wallet that was getting confirmations and everything. i didnt lose any coin, but it looked like i was getting drained for about an hour. this wasnt the case with coin transfers under $100.
well as far as missing bitcoins go i have been on agora for about a week but have not made any transactions.  i saw the link today about missing bitcoins so i decided to check it out for myself.  i first deposited a very little bitcoin to my agora wallet, and then a little more and finally the rest of what i need to make my purchase. all and all everything went ok bitcoins transfereed over in about a half hour give or take and there not missing there still in my agora wallet.
ask the next man to provide the other 2 public keys, then generate the address (will begin with 3) and see if it matches the payment address he gave you. if it doesnt he is trying to scam you. make sure he tells you what order he passed the 3 addresses in (or try all permutations yourself).you can generate the addresses in electrum or bitcoind.
i have pushed 2.0 btcs through to escrow with no issues recently, showed up in about an hour. not to say that will happen like that ever-time would be nice thought to have a legit up front market.
tmi
would it be safest then to host your hidden service on your own using your own servers using something like whonix or a similar setup?  if this is the safest way to do it, how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need?  how much would a large marketplace site need?  and, perhaps most importantly, would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected to tor?
quote from: jolly roger on february 24, 2014, 03:09:18 amif you are talking about hosting hidden services at home, i can tell you that the majority of people getting busted hosted it from home.examples please?
dont use.
title says it all. since we know admin fucked us whats there to do if theres a bug or a loophole found?
so im trying to wrap my head around this whole multisig thing and i think i got down mostly, but im not sure about 1 or 2 parts, so hopefully someone here can help me out. the main concern i have is mostly about the security of it, because for what i know, it relies on a 3rd party to create a multisig address, right? now, what guarantee do i have that this 3rd party uses the public key i provided. and, what guarantee do i have that this address is indeed a 2/3 multisig, and not 2/4 or something else? is there any way of verifying this, and if so, how?
alright, thx! so if i want to order something from tmp or any other market that has multsig, i have to ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time?
well if its all about trust in the end, is there any point to multisig addresses?
thx, that explains a lot
ahh finally.  ive been pestering people by pm for a week now.  the discussion on here is so empty for drugslist.  am i wrong for not wanting to discuss the other markets on here?
sr. administration=1. active scamers2. black mailed to allow scamno matter how much it "improves"it cant be trusted.
quote from: floydy on february 23, 2014, 08:32:30 pmquote from: evilgrin on february 23, 2014, 06:37:53 pmimaginary bitcoin for imaginary dollars... lolthere this site i found bitcoinbuilder.com where you can buy gox btc with real in your wallet btc in the hopes they resume withdraws. quite frankly, i dont know why i bothered.  two days ago i posted this in response to your questionsquote from: floydy on february 21, 2014, 02:30:36 pmkeep an eye on https://www.bitcoinbuilder.com/  this is a virtual market for goxbux and goxcoin and tells us what the market thinks.did you skip what i wrote, or did you actually read it when you were fucked up on drugs so cant remember?thanks for your contribution to the community.oh.. i guess i missed that. im sorry dude i must have been reading fast. i legit didnt see it!please feel free to neg karma me.
tonight gox owner resigned from his position on the bitcoin foundations board of directors. a whale put 10k bitcoins on bitstamp (6mil usd worth) at about $580/btc and like 7k of them got bought, then the price fell some.my theory:gox insiders (who are able to withdraw coins from gox) are buying on gox and then selling on other exchanges and depressing the prices. not a new theory, of course. since btc has no rules, im not even sure it is illegal. if it is true, i hope gox is profiteering to rebuild its funds so gox can reopen solvent. i hope it is not just going rogue and ripping everyone off and hurting coin values as well.i wonder if the whale on bitstamp tonight is gox insiders buying coins from themselves to move the coins to new wallets and break the evidence trail of where the coins came from? not sure that would work really, but...?
ask the next man to provide the other 2 public keys, then generate the address (will begin with 3) and see if it matches the payment address he gave you. if it doesnt he is trying to scam you. make sure he tells you what order he passed the 3 addresses in (or try all permutations yourself).you can generate the addresses in electrum or bitcoind.
we at darknet nation never or will ever have plans on being a marketplace. we are bigger than a marketplace, .onion site, reddit/r page. we are a movement. about the ip leak...we have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak an ip. we use pidgin with otr, google+, http, https, .onion, reddit, thehub, and many other technologies to disseminate information. btw amazon does accept vanilla visa, and we felt it is the perfect platform to beta test our site before moving it permanently. of course we will experience hiccups and roadblocks. this is a very ambitious project, and were in the very early stages of development. the hidden onion ip has been addressed, but we will also be hosting a clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having to suffer the lag of the tor network. rome was not built in a day! for those that can help, feel free to visit the site and start participatingdarknet nation26a2ueoc3xxrrgs4.onion
weapon vending+ market owning = very bad combination.
thank you calcium345
quote from: flaxceed on february 23, 2014, 06:24:13 amfortunately now we can just use agora or pandora and forget about the nightmare that was sr2.yes, it there werent other options available i guess i guess i would undertand the wrenching of hair and dressing in whole cloth, wailing away at the loss of their "market place" but there are vendors at the other markets up and running and doing fines. ive been using agora for the past month and no problems yet. if it ever becomes a problem, off to use pandora, or any of te other ones around. when sr2 gets its shit together, then if folks want, they can go back to the mp. until/if that happens, for the most part  i will continue to check in at sr and if i see movement being made to fix things, then i will decide to bring my business back. doesnt have to be like jr. high school girls getting the vapors over the whole damn thing. move to another market for now. i have placed a few orders on agora and everything seems to work just fine. problems i have been seeing havent had an effect on me. right now this is my go to marketplace.
^^^ yea partial escrow is an excellent option to give vedors the piece of mind that they wont lose their ass if an escrow hack happens. bsm has gretly impressed me over the last few months. and juelz if you are running that ship, blackstallion thanks you.
quote from: fromage on february 24, 2014, 06:17:59 pmalright, thx! so if i want to order something from tmp or any other market that has multsig, i have to ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time?yes, technically you could. but it really would not make much sense. by using the old system of escrow, you are putting trust that the server is going to pay out the money to the seller or refund it to you if there is  a dispute. in this case, you are just placing trust that the server is creating a multisignature address that is releasable to either you or the seller. if you intend on paying for your item, then what concerns do you have? requesting the public keys of the seller and server seems pointless, since it is the seller who would end up getting the funds. and this is why you choose trustworthy markets and vendors.....
quote from: fromage on february 24, 2014, 06:32:27 pmwell if its all about trust in the end, is there any point to multisig addresses?yes, it is to stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs to be unlocked separately with unique keys. i suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability to close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. so this is a bad idea for the server to do this. let me just say, that there is no more risk to doing multisig than regular escrow, and in fact less risk because a 3rd party hacker cannot steal everyones money. trusting the market is a choice you need to make on your own and if you want to deal directly with the vendor, then do so outside of the market.if the market is going to give its customers the ability to close deals while cutting out their market fees, it would not be worth it for the market.
quote from: thekushlife on february 23, 2014, 11:43:08 pmwhat does it take for a new marketplace to get its own sub forum?this is currently being discussed at http://thehubaoydxrommh.onion/index.php?topic=962.0.
before i go deeper i would like everybody to really read the following clearnet article regarding javascript and tor.http://www.itworld.com/software/367979/tor-project-stop-using-windows-disable-javascript"the vulnerability was patched by mozilla in later versions of firefox, but some people may still be using the older versions of the tor browser bundle. the bundles browser, based on firefox, is specially configured to visit tor sites, which have urls that look like "http://fakenxc4qt76tg.onion/.""several tor browser bundle versions were fixed over a four-day period starting june 26. although the browser bundle will automatically check for a new version, it is possible that some users didnt upgrade, which could have put them at risk.""although unconfirmed, computer security experts have theorized the malware may have been used by law enforcement to collect information on people who browsed certain tor websites supported by a company called freedom hosting.  that hosting company is believed to be connected to a 28-year-old man, eric eoin marques. he is being held by irish authorities pending an extradition request from the u.s. on charges of distributing and promoting child pornography, according to the irish publication the independent."now..."really, switching away from windows is probably a good security move for many reasons," according to a security advisory posted monday by the tor project.""people using linux and os x were not affected, but that doesnt mean they couldnt be targeted in the future. "this wasnt the first firefox vulnerability, nor will it be the last," the tor project warned."ok, so we know that windows isnt safe. and anyone using an older version of the tor browser bundle isnt safe. moral, dump windows and/or upgrade your software! javascript is not a huge chunk of security. the fact that a site uses javascript should not be an absolute, non negotiable issue. the tor network and javascript are just tools, along with pgp, tails, pidgin, ssl, https, multi signature transactions, crypto currency and many many more that each user has at his or her disposal to stay safewhile its true our .onion site uses javascript, according to this article, so does about 90% of the websites currently running. our site is still functional even with javascript disabled. you will not have access to certain areas of the site, but your experience still should be enjoyable. we use javascript for some of the following, captcha, image/file uploading, free multi signature transaction app, posting of free classified ads, instant messaging, etc. although darknet nation does have and maintain a .onion presence we are actively working on the clearnet aspect of our movement. we are a movement. if youd like to help or contribute please feel free to visit our site and support darknet nation26a2ueoc3xxrrgs4.onion
well its not deathowl collecting for "charity", but a modest scam effort none the less.c+
in my own case i ship firearms. i ship it in 3 pieces and ironically the receiver is the only piece thats actually illegal to ship. any handling of the gun i do with 2 pairs of gloves on. i thoroughly wipe each piece down with gun oil then a lint free cloth before putting it in a bubble mailer so no possible trace of prints. i use 3 different types of labels, different fonts with business label shipping templates. yeah im kind of anal about it..lol. the more professional you make your packages look the less likely they are to arouse suspicion. i live in a larger metropolitan city so what i do is i have a list of all the apartment complexes in a 10 mile radius. i keep track of how often i use each one. i use a fake name and simply dont put an apartment number on the return address. i take each package to a different post office each time...keeping track of which ones i go to. before walking into the post office i wipe the mailer down then bring it in holding it between my index and thumb. i swing it back and forth so people don’t wonder why i’m carrying it like that. as i’m handing it to the clerk i slide my fingers opposite each hard which gets rid of any print that might have been there. yeah…again…i’m anal..lol  with the receiver i wrap it in sticky lead tape to make it look like anything except a receiver to a gun in case it gets x-rayed. i normally throw other stuff in the packages too that are made of metal. never had one not make it.
quote from: pothead on february 19, 2014, 10:23:00 pmuntil decon repays users shouldnt sr be considered a scam marketplace?or do they get a pass because they help fund this forum?i didnt realize at first you have a different market.  sr wont get a pass from the community and we are the ones that count.   the problem with making us prove it is a scam is that these admins hide their activities from us so it is impossible for us to prove anything.  so with this requirement of proof, nothing is a scam.imagine if a market takes all of our money and the admin says his dog ate the bitcoin.  that is impossible just like theft by transacion maleability but we still can not prove that a scam happened.  we can only prove that the bitcoins were not eaten / maleable.
i think op makes a valid point
i have a unique problem as someone stole my password and tried to pass themselves off as me on sr2 and i have had no help resolving this issue i created both pdxblack accounts at the same time and worked very hard to build a name that is solid on agora with almost 30,000$ in sales my first month.  the accounts had different keys but they are both mine.  i just dont want any of the shit this guy pulled to affect my name as i also have tha name on a couple other markets
bandcamp91, those are good points. mirage, you just repeated what i said about plastic vs mylar or foil.if you can find gloves that fit closely, there is nothing wrong with wearing 2 of them, i just dont see the need. wearing 2 gloves to me is like having robot fingers that are super clumsy. nothing they can trace will go through a cotton glove, you are only wearing it long enough to do the packing.what are other ways to stop odor from coming through? 1. put the goods in a glass jar2. put them in a tin of some sort and tape it carefully3. pack them in pvc4. pack them in abs or other odor proof plastic.any other tips?
another point i should mention is do not use plastic bags, plastic wrap, etc to stop odor. that and vac sealing do not stop odor for more than a few minutes. even triple sealing does very little and can be smelled by a human let alone a dog after 12 hours or so.use mylar at the minimum, aluminum foil bags are even better. seal them with aluminum tape found at home improvement centers world wide.>id also suggest using 2 layers of gloves. one cloth, then an external par of "nitrile" gloves, not latexthat will certainly work but no need for 2 pair of gloves. one pair of cotton will do the job, no prints will get through that. latex or nitrile will get hot as hell if you wear them for long, same with other rubber substitutes.
quote from: 26a2ueoc3xxrrgs4 on february 24, 2014, 02:32:37 amwe at darknet nation never or will ever have plans on being a marketplace. we are bigger than a marketplace, .onion site, reddit/r page. we are a movement. about the ip leak...we have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak an ip. we use pidgin with otr, google+, http, https, .onion, reddit, thehub, and many other technologies to disseminate information. btw amazon does accept vanilla visa, and we felt it is the perfect platform to beta test our site before moving it permanently. of course we will experience hiccups and roadblocks. this is a very ambitious project, and were in the very early stages of development. the hidden onion ip has been addressed, but we will also be hosting a clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having to suffer the lag of the tor network. rome was not built in a day! for those that can help, feel free to visit the site and start participatingdarknet nation26a2ueoc3xxrrgs4.onionno mention of javascript there.for most people operating the tor browser the lack of js is an absolute, non-negotiable prerequisite to taking an onion site seriously.can you explain why people should sacrifice such a huge chunk of security for whatever bells & whistles of your site require js, please?please dont get me wrong here - if your intentions are honorable then i wish you every success possible, its just that its anathema to tor users to enable js, so i think some kind of transparency is required regarding the function of js on your site.
howdy,i took a look at their site and some info they posted before.  i believe they are using a client-side javascript library that produces bitcoin private/public keys.http://www.deepdotweb.com/2014/02/21/darknet-nation-darknetmarket-social-network/cheers.
i didnt see it as douchey, but more a lesson in subtlety.
you might have better luck looking for the stolen bitcoins in a candy vending machine. ..
if you want to try out the torescrow dont want to run the risk of loosing your coin, check us out!team a1fbg has a few products to offer at the moment, mainly xanax and nbomes. we will also have our listings up for domestic mdma!!we focus on smaller user amount using full escrow dont fe!!! we dont require a minimum purchase so if you want to spend $4 and try out torescrow check us out! thankshttp://torescrow7upglhe.onion/users/5300431267b3db6b20000001
catharsis that pretty much says it all.  agora is still number one i think. pandora seems a bit too slow.
hard to take someone as a nice person for you i presume? if its about pming me it was because hell yeah who doesnt like free btcs but the bigger point was people should make sure commissions go to their vendors as a sign of respect or summit, w.e i dont know what i mean but it wasnt "scamming".
quote from: sorrymario on february 24, 2014, 03:00:42 amwell its not deathowl collecting for "charity", but a modest scam effort none the less.c+oh snap! you beat me too it. +1 sorrymario
i think if there is a referral commission in place we should not fill the pockets of other markets. we should all join under a referral link from our favorite vendor (that is on agora and silkroad) or those who are helping this community who has suffered the most from the theft.why not use this disaster as a small positive to try to fix our marketplace rather than line the pockets of people who will use our paranoid natures as darknet dwellers as a way to profit on our misfortune.everyone has probably got an account already but if not pm me for a referral but i would much rather people change accounts to an account that gives commission to the good members of the darkweb community.
quote from: gumby on february 24, 2014, 04:19:59 pmfh wasnt hosted at home. the server was in france. the hosting provider is believed to be ovh.none of the sr servers were hosted at home either but they were all discovered. the problem with hosting at home is that its undeniable you are the owner, whereas if you rent a server anonymously then even if your hidden service is found, they wont necessarily be able to find you.the point is, it is stupid to host from home.
quote from: enctype on february 24, 2014, 03:16:19 amquote from: jolly roger on february 24, 2014, 03:09:18 amif you are talking about hosting hidden services at home, i can tell you that the majority of people getting busted hosted it from home.examples please?freedom hosting, black goblin, utopia
quote from: patrick on february 24, 2014, 09:11:34 amwhat about (in theory) if you host it at your home, but the machine which the hidden service resides on, can only access the internet through an anonymous vpn service?lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own ip, since it is the network device (ex. router) that routes all communication through the vpn channel, and separates this machines segment from all other (internal) communication.would this be - some kind of - a safe solution?no because it still needs to connect to the vpn from your home connection. if the ip address of the vpn hosting the hidden service is ever discovered, it would not be hard to trace it to you. this exact thing happened to dpr, but he did not host it from home. he even connected to it from a computer cafe. they still found him.
what about (in theory) if you host it at your home, but the machine which the hidden service resides on, can only access the internet through an anonymous vpn service?lets assume that this computer cannot access the clearnet via its own ip, since it is the network device (ex. router) that routes all communication through the vpn channel, and separates this machines segment from all other (internal) communication.would this be - some kind of - a safe solution?
quote from: enctype on february 24, 2014, 01:30:29 amwould it be safest then to host your hidden service on your own using your own servers using something like whonix or a similar setup?  if this is the safest way to do it, how much bandwidth would the average hidden service need?  how much would a large marketplace site need?  and, perhaps most importantly, would any problems arise from your isp seeing that you are constantly connected to tor?if you are talking about hosting hidden services at home, i can tell you that the majority of people getting busted hosted it from home.
quote from: enctype on february 24, 2014, 03:16:19 amquote from: jolly roger on february 24, 2014, 03:09:18 amif you are talking about hosting hidden services at home, i can tell you that the majority of people getting busted hosted it from home.examples please?utopia
gumby is right.. fh was at ovh in france.   and, based on opdarknet logs and their owners posts on clearnet forums, im fairly confident they were using virtual isolation.and however they got caught, im fairly sure it wasnt because they incorrectly isolated their server instances.as with almost any security decision, its balancing risks and rewards.   vps-based hosting gives you the risk of being discovered by the vps provider (assuming youre doing something the provider cares about), and if the box gets hacked, itll get deanonymized.   you balance that with the awareness that a vps environment should be disposable, with nothing to tie it to its owner.  of course, you cant ensure the integrity of any of your data or onion key in that environment, so plan accordingly.hosting at home seems stupid once youre deanonymized.  but if you can effectively use physical isolation, and do it right, you are probably much more resistant to being deanonymized in the first place.   i dont think thats as crazy of an idea as people think, but you better be damned sure youre doing it right if you go that route.theres not a perfect solution.  anonymously renting a dedicated server and using a hypervisor to provide isolation is probably the best balance.
ask the next man to provide the other 2 public keys, then generate the address (will begin with 3) and see if it matches the payment address he gave you. if it doesnt he is trying to scam you. make sure he tells you what order he passed the 3 addresses in (or try all permutations yourself).you can generate the addresses in electrum or bitcoind.
we at darknet nation never or will ever have plans on being a marketplace. we are bigger than a marketplace, .onion site, reddit/r page. we are a movement. about the ip leak...we have many clearnet contacts that were pretty sure will somehow leak an ip. we use pidgin with otr, google+, http, https, .onion, reddit, thehub, and many other technologies to disseminate information. btw amazon does accept vanilla visa, and we felt it is the perfect platform to beta test our site before moving it permanently. of course we will experience hiccups and roadblocks. this is a very ambitious project, and were in the very early stages of development. the hidden onion ip has been addressed, but we will also be hosting a clearnet site for our members who would rather take part without having to suffer the lag of the tor network. rome was not built in a day! for those that can help, feel free to visit the site and start participatingdarknet nation26a2ueoc3xxrrgs4.onion
weapon vending+ market owning = very bad combination.
thank you calcium345
quote from: flaxceed on february 23, 2014, 06:24:13 amfortunately now we can just use agora or pandora and forget about the nightmare that was sr2.yes, it there werent other options available i guess i guess i would undertand the wrenching of hair and dressing in whole cloth, wailing away at the loss of their "market place" but there are vendors at the other markets up and running and doing fines. ive been using agora for the past month and no problems yet. if it ever becomes a problem, off to use pandora, or any of te other ones around. when sr2 gets its shit together, then if folks want, they can go back to the mp. until/if that happens, for the most part  i will continue to check in at sr and if i see movement being made to fix things, then i will decide to bring my business back. doesnt have to be like jr. high school girls getting the vapors over the whole damn thing. move to another market for now. i have placed a few orders on agora and everything seems to work just fine. problems i have been seeing havent had an effect on me. right now this is my go to marketplace.
^^^ yea partial escrow is an excellent option to give vedors the piece of mind that they wont lose their ass if an escrow hack happens. bsm has gretly impressed me over the last few months. and juelz if you are running that ship, blackstallion thanks you.
quote from: fromage on february 24, 2014, 06:17:59 pmalright, thx! so if i want to order something from tmp or any other market that has multsig, i have to ask both the vendor and the marketplace for their public key every time?yes, technically you could. but it really would not make much sense. by using the old system of escrow, you are putting trust that the server is going to pay out the money to the seller or refund it to you if there is  a dispute. in this case, you are just placing trust that the server is creating a multisignature address that is releasable to either you or the seller. if you intend on paying for your item, then what concerns do you have? requesting the public keys of the seller and server seems pointless, since it is the seller who would end up getting the funds. and this is why you choose trustworthy markets and vendors.....
quote from: fromage on february 24, 2014, 06:32:27 pmwell if its all about trust in the end, is there any point to multisig addresses?yes, it is to stop the market from getting robbed because each transaction needs to be unlocked separately with unique keys. i suppose you could get the public keys from the seller and server but this effectively would give the buyer and seller the ability to close the deal without the server and therefore you could cut out their market fees. so this is a bad idea for the server to do this. let me just say, that there is no more risk to doing multisig than regular escrow, and in fact less risk because a 3rd party hacker cannot steal everyones money. trusting the market is a choice you need to make on your own and if you want to deal directly with the vendor, then do so outside of the market.if the market is going to give its customers the ability to close deals while cutting out their market fees, it would not be worth it for the market.
quote from: thekushlife on february 23, 2014, 11:43:08 pmwhat does it take for a new marketplace to get its own sub forum?this is currently being discussed at http://thehubaoydxrommh.onion/index.php?topic=962.0.
before i go deeper i would like everybody to really read the following clearnet article regarding javascript and tor.http://www.itworld.com/software/367979/tor-project-stop-using-windows-disable-javascript"the vulnerability was patched by mozilla in later versions of firefox, but some people may still be using the older versions of the tor browser bundle. the bundles browser, based on firefox, is specially configured to visit tor sites, which have urls that look like "http://fakenxc4qt76tg.onion/.""several tor browser bundle versions were fixed over a four-day period starting june 26. although the browser bundle will automatically check for a new version, it is possible that some users didnt upgrade, which could have put them at risk.""although unconfirmed, computer security experts have theorized the malware may have been used by law enforcement to collect information on people who browsed certain tor websites supported by a company called freedom hosting.  that hosting company is believed to be connected to a 28-year-old man, eric eoin marques. he is being held by irish authorities pending an extradition request from the u.s. on charges of distributing and promoting child pornography, according to the irish publication the independent."now..."really, switching away from windows is probably a good security move for many reasons," according to a security advisory posted monday by the tor project.""people using linux and os x were not affected, but that doesnt mean they couldnt be targeted in the future. "this wasnt the first firefox vulnerability, nor will it be the last," the tor project warned."ok, so we know that windows isnt safe. and anyone using an older version of the tor browser bundle isnt safe. moral, dump windows and/or upgrade your software! javascript is not a huge chunk of security. the fact that a site uses javascript should not be an absolute, non negotiable issue. the tor network and javascript are just tools, along with pgp, tails, pidgin, ssl, https, multi signature transactions, crypto currency and many many more that each user has at his or her disposal to stay safewhile its true our .onion site uses javascript, according to this article, so does about 90% of the websites currently running. our site is still functional even with javascript disabled. you will not have access to certain areas of the site, but your experience still should be enjoyable. we use javascript for some of the following, captcha, image/file uploading, free multi signature transaction app, posting of free classified ads, instant messaging, etc. although darknet nation does have and maintain a .onion presence we are actively working on the clearnet aspect of our movement. we are a movement. if youd like to help or contribute please feel free to visit our site and support darknet nation26a2ueoc3xxrrgs4.onion
