0 delete this seems pointless but growing numbers users especially new users are ignorant the state silk road the moment and only become aware once theyve placed order. 
0 this stops one user being scammed then its worked. 
1 place like localbitcoins. 
1 they put coins escrow until deal finished. 
1 just did deal with dude china and got coins minutes. 
1 you can see there feedback and everything. 
2 that update was very interesting. 
2 the person who wrote that message knows what they are talking about. 
2 what really interesting the author believes the hacker wouldnt have gotten away with much. 
2 this suggests was inside job. 
2 his assessment gox itself very interesting. 
2 sounds like goxs accounting was terrible because they couldnt handle bitcoin transactions correctly. 
2 this correct this certainly explains why gox stalling there database mess. 
2 the blockchain transactions are similar linked list adt then they are going have one hell mess clean. 
2 heres theory based that evidence. 
2 think was indeed hacked and some funds were stolen. 
2 think defcunt saw the coins vanishing and shutdown bitcoind. 
2 after this think realized his database was total mess and could not fix decided steal all the coins and blamed the hacker for everything. 
2 you havent noticed peoples balances are fucked and there are people who have pending balance. 
3 from february pmquote from poopoo february amquote from february amquote from poopoo february amquote from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
3 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
3 thats the first one for your list get the coinssomeone should start one nominate hwell the contest has not finished but you got laugh out. 
3 btc address wll send some your way peeps know seriousput into the hub forums post picture your boobs fundhehe have one point the directionsome one should start one nominate honeray nothing like good boobie thread unite the comunity lol. 
4 from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
4 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
4 thats the first one for your list get the coins. 
5 dont enjoy reading stupidity anyone who does insane. 
6 would suggest time could better spent. 
6 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
7 from february amquote from poopoo february amquote from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
7 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
7 thats the first one for your list get the coinswell the contest has not finished but you got laugh out. 
7 btc address wll send some your way peeps know seriousput into the hub forums post picture your boobs fund. 
8 from angel eyes february xsposer can you explain how you identified particular bitcoin wallet from the transactions just curious because though the only way tell addresses belonged single wallet was tracing movements coins aggregated from set addresses. 
8 was team effort largely lead the bbmc and the btva. 
8 they had the funds the knowledge and the ability study the taint analysis and follow fragments btc they were firing known wallets importance. 
8 following these coins lead the wallet above which has been transferring steady stream btc every few hours since dec. 
8 further investigation has revealed that this fact the hackers wallet likely the former dev pritel although still unclear what role defcon stexo and libertas had all this. 
8 here the updated stolen wallet thread including all bbmcs evidence and redacted dox the suspect hacker former developer pritel. 
8 msg msg that dox info along with the info bbmc supplied makes this saga pretty conclusive. 
8 the only questions left what part the scam did defcon stexo libertas play and also who this narco because defcon still calling for his head yet hearing its dropshipper account very strange. 
9 something site wallet asked support and the told becasue its below the minimum. 
10 from every february amfirst let say excited announce one more market which customers may find. 
10 the doors are open come and get some. 
10 second let say thanks for the opportunity albert and sorry for ruffling your feathers the other day. 
10 heya welcome abroad tba and worries mate long its great feedback constructive criticism totally dont mind all only helps improve. 
10 and everyone entitled their opinion. 
10 hope tba delivers everything you expect off great marketplace. 
11 very much agree. 
11 ill you when get chance. 
11 strange when everybody wants know much possible about everything and everyone while are sharing tips and tutorials how stay anonymous tor hidden services. 
11 have affiliation with any market just clear. 
11 but its annoying see personal info posted left and right. 
11 would you like somebody that you. 
11 what goes around comes around. 
11 stay safe all. 
12 from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
14 well have one these for agora links figured better get this going before the link spam ensues. 
14 against the rules the hub spam referral links the open forum please limit them your signatures and this thread. 
14 ill kick this off heres mine. 
14 php register fba. 
15 defcon thief just borrowed the coins will pay back. 
15 lol sure will. 
16 first let say excited announce one more market which customers may find. 
16 the doors are open come and get some. 
16 second let say thanks for the opportunity albert and sorry for ruffling your feathers the other day. 
17 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
18 for the people who vote yes please add some details know the votes arent padded. 
18 you dont have include particulars. 
19 just add this admin are preparing status update the situation over the next couple days which should add clarity the situation. 
19 keep eye the main board over the latter half the weekend. 
20 from february pmquote from poopoo february amquote from february amquote from poopoo february amquote from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
20 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
20 thats the first one for your list get the coinssomeone should start one nominate hwell the contest has not finished but you got laugh out. 
20 btc address wll send some your way peeps know seriousput into the hub forums post picture your boobs fundhehe have one point the directionsome one should start one nominate honeray nothing like good boobie thread unite the comunity lol. 
21 from february amquote from poopoo february amquote from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
21 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
21 thats the first one for your list get the coinswell the contest has not finished but you got laugh out. 
21 btc address wll send some your way peeps know seriousput into the hub forums post picture your boobs fund. 
22 dont enjoy reading stupidity anyone who does insane. 
23 would suggest time could better spent. 
23 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
25 from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
25 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
25 thats the first one for your list get the coins. 
26 something site wallet asked support and the told becasue its below the minimum. 
27 from sunwu february amquote from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
27 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
27 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
27 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare sorry derail but where might find you vending others see sunwu has not logged for bit anyone can answer this would think you very kind indeed. 
28 from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
29 com unilateral statement regarding gox insider not often you get see ceo speak freely. 
29 the guy clearly passionate about bitcoin hopefully his exchange can overcome their latest banking woes. 
29 can help but angry and frustrated and depressed. 
29 all the hard work done bring bitcoin the mainstream and now this and the people. 
29 look was supposed write some lawyer approved statement about how kraken kicks ass and super secure and compliant and payward leading the charge data and all the great things doing right. 
30 from every february amfirst let say excited announce one more market which customers may find. 
30 the doors are open come and get some. 
30 second let say thanks for the opportunity albert and sorry for ruffling your feathers the other day. 
30 heya welcome abroad tba and worries mate long its great feedback constructive criticism totally dont mind all only helps improve. 
30 and everyone entitled their opinion. 
30 hope tba delivers everything you expect off great marketplace. 
31 place like localbitcoins. 
31 they put coins escrow until deal finished. 
31 just did deal with dude china and got coins minutes. 
31 you can see there feedback and everything. 
32 important silk road has removed escrow. 
32 customer support non existent. 
32 due recent events silk road has removed the security escrow from its market. 
32 orders are now set auto finalize leaving buyers the mercy vendors. 
32 make matters worse there currently customer support from site staff staff continue direct full attention the market itself. 
32 disputes can still opened but responses are far not forthcoming. 
32 what does this mean this means that buyers are completely the hands vendors. 
32 vendors are free claim packages have been dispatched and without staff intervention there can way settling the dispute. 
32 its advisable avoid the market the current state but you must use silk road please only deal with vendors you recognise that can researched thoroughly. 
33 delete this seems pointless but growing numbers users especially new users are ignorant the state silk road the moment and only become aware once theyve placed order. 
33 this stops one user being scammed then its worked. 
34 from angel eyes february xsposer can you explain how you identified particular bitcoin wallet from the transactions just curious because though the only way tell addresses belonged single wallet was tracing movements coins aggregated from set addresses. 
34 was team effort largely lead the bbmc and the btva. 
34 they had the funds the knowledge and the ability study the taint analysis and follow fragments btc they were firing known wallets importance. 
34 following these coins lead the wallet above which has been transferring steady stream btc every few hours since dec. 
34 further investigation has revealed that this fact the hackers wallet likely the former dev pritel although still unclear what role defcon stexo and libertas had all this. 
34 here the updated stolen wallet thread including all bbmcs evidence and redacted dox the suspect hacker former developer pritel. 
34 msg msg that dox info along with the info bbmc supplied makes this saga pretty conclusive. 
34 the only questions left what part the scam did defcon stexo libertas play and also who this narco because defcon still calling for his head yet hearing its dropshipper account very strange. 
35 everyone know this place. 
35 onion have you review about many thanks. 
36 defcon thief just borrowed the coins will pay back. 
36 lol sure will. 
37 defcon thief just borrowed the coins will pay back. 
37 lol sure will. 
38 that update was very interesting. 
38 the person who wrote that message knows what they are talking about. 
38 what really interesting the author believes the hacker wouldnt have gotten away with much. 
38 this suggests was inside job. 
38 his assessment gox itself very interesting. 
38 sounds like goxs accounting was terrible because they couldnt handle bitcoin transactions correctly. 
38 this correct this certainly explains why gox stalling there database mess. 
38 the blockchain transactions are similar linked list adt then they are going have one hell mess clean. 
38 heres theory based that evidence. 
38 think was indeed hacked and some funds were stolen. 
38 think defcunt saw the coins vanishing and shutdown bitcoind. 
38 after this think realized his database was total mess and could not fix decided steal all the coins and blamed the hacker for everything. 
38 you havent noticed peoples balances are fucked and there are people who have pending balance. 
39 from february amquote from poopoo february amquote from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
39 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
39 thats the first one for your list get the coinswell the contest has not finished but you got laugh out. 
39 btc address wll send some your way peeps know seriousput into the hub forums post picture your boobs fund. 
40 from february pmquote from poopoo february amquote from february amquote from poopoo february amquote from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
40 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
40 thats the first one for your list get the coinssomeone should start one nominate hwell the contest has not finished but you got laugh out. 
40 btc address wll send some your way peeps know seriousput into the hub forums post picture your boobs fundhehe have one point the directionsome one should start one nominate honeray nothing like good boobie thread unite the comunity lol. 
41 from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
41 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
41 thats the first one for your list get the coins. 
43 would suggest time could better spent. 
43 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
44 dont enjoy reading stupidity anyone who does insane. 
45 from cicada february pmplease elaborate the hypervisor use case possible references detailed example documentation most appreciated. 
45 safe assume the torvm comprised barebones installation with iptables dropping everything but tor traffic dont know off the shelf play play set documentation for virtual isolation hidden services. 
45 the simplest method probably using whonix gateway and servicevm either whonix workstation bare install linux bsd behind all running under virtualbox. 
45 probably the best method would involve configuring xen using not hvm theres less attack surface the hypervisor provide bridge interface from the ethernet adapter the outside virtual interface thetorvm then using separate virtual interface between the inside the torvm and the servicevm. 
45 yes the middlebox torvm should pretty much just have tor instance and properly configured iptables etc firewall ruleset. 
45 the tor instance will host the onion service. 
45 the overall picture looks like this enduser tor hops hidden service tor instance torvm the only traffic the servervm should seeing from the torvm inbound http requests assuming web server what were talking about. 
45 therefore the only legitimate traffic that the firewall rule the inside interface the torvm should have allow that interface are responses http requests. 
45 you could track state traffic leaving the torvm for the servervm and only allow established connections come back. 
45 you lock down this far literally nothing with syn bit should allowed out from the servervm. 
45 once you think its good you should least use nmap something similar make sure you cant get traffic out past the torvm. 
45 youll have have way manage the servervm you will need allow appropriate management traffic. 
45 your management happens over tor recommend least considering the use client authorization for hidden management services. 
45 that scenario your tor client needs hidservauth entry get the management onion address and the torvm will need host separate management onion address service with access controlled via the directive. 
45 was going build one xen disassemble qubes and steal much possible. 
45 they already solve most these problems theyre just doing from client perspective instead server one. 
46 have pending balance and pendin escrow. 
46 both orders from before the shutdown neither marked shipped before. 
46 one marked shipped after. 
46 the one marked shipped hasnt auto finalized and the one with the cancel option hasnt been automatically cancelled for now sticking the old escrow system until the goods arrive and the vendor isnt receiving funds even pending when people finalize want sure they have that worked out before otherwise balance now zero just the pending balance and pending escrow balance. 
47 from angel eyes february xsposer can you explain how you identified particular bitcoin wallet from the transactions just curious because though the only way tell addresses belonged single wallet was tracing movements coins aggregated from set addresses. 
47 was team effort largely lead the bbmc and the btva. 
47 they had the funds the knowledge and the ability study the taint analysis and follow fragments btc they were firing known wallets importance. 
47 following these coins lead the wallet above which has been transferring steady stream btc every few hours since dec. 
47 further investigation has revealed that this fact the hackers wallet likely the former dev pritel although still unclear what role defcon stexo and libertas had all this. 
47 here the updated stolen wallet thread including all bbmcs evidence and redacted dox the suspect hacker former developer pritel. 
47 msg msg that dox info along with the info bbmc supplied makes this saga pretty conclusive. 
47 the only questions left what part the scam did defcon stexo libertas play and also who this narco because defcon still calling for his head yet hearing its dropshipper account very strange. 
48 from cxm february ami would expect this post have advice buying your coins anonymous fashion. 
48 that order for leo convict you they need all the pieces the following person purchased btc with method same person then transfered said purchased btc and transferred for illegal purposes person was taken into custody with evidence the illegal activities. 
48 steps and are the ones most thought about and are dealt with coin washing and pgp encryption address among other things ensuring safe delivery. 
48 think this post should emphasize point and the options for buying btc here are mostly ones that can trace the purchase directly back individual. 
48 credit card bank account. 
48 endorse finding ways purchase the btc using cash transfer the most anonymous fashion possible. 
48 for instance have seen listings localbitcoin. 
48 com for cash the mail transfers however one must have high level trust said vendor for this viable option. 
48 another localbitcoin trick the other online payment optioin where you purchase something like greendot card cash grocery store convenience store and then upload images said card and reciept showing was purchased cash. 
48 you choose this option vital that you know the metadata the images you will sending not send images taken cell phone sure there accurate time location data retrievable from the image. 
48 this can accomplished through function tails you could upload the images imgur and then use those images for the transfer. 
48 since most vendors who work this way request image the receipt well highly suggest using pen marker remove all location time identification from the receirpt. 
48 fold hide the label the store you purchased from write over the letters and numbers that could used identifiable information. 
48 finally when you purchase the cash coin intermediary. 
48 vanilla reload card suggest you wear heavy clothing such that images your face can taken while you purchase the card. 
48 hoddie and sun glasses and something cover your chin gloves dont hurt either. 
48 also suggest you purchase cards from more than one location this makes more difficult isolate where the purchases are taking place. 
48 remember always act you are already compromised leo. 
48 extra step precautions would suggest parking your car little ways aways from the purchase location that cameras could get picture you entering your car and getting your license plate number. 
48 the only better way buy coin buy cash from friend yours with decent stock pile then there are traces whatsoever. 
48 this way leo ever does hit you with scenario being caught with evidence illegal activity they will not able add extra charges that would possible they can trace the purchase all the way back the purchase the btc. 
48 washing your coins important early and alot but there another step before washing the coins that can just important washing the coins and that anonymous purchase the coins. 
48 please anyone give feedback this post identify ways improve the anonymity purchasing coins anonymously. 
48 also you have some spare coin donate alfred. 
48 this site awesome and want stick around just much erowid. 
48 orgmost folks already realize that using bitcoin mixing service essential and recommended for security even you purchase bitcoin locally with cash. 
48 becoming more difficult purchase bitcoin without providing identity information which will taint your coins and make possible track the use back you keep separate bitcoin wallet for clean coins. 
48 send all your newly purchased bitcoin through bitcoin fog with delivery your clean wallet and you are good. 
49 com unilateral statement regarding gox insider not often you get see ceo speak freely. 
49 the guy clearly passionate about bitcoin hopefully his exchange can overcome their latest banking woes. 
49 can help but angry and frustrated and depressed. 
49 all the hard work done bring bitcoin the mainstream and now this and the people. 
49 look was supposed write some lawyer approved statement about how kraken kicks ass and super secure and compliant and payward leading the charge data and all the great things doing right. 
50 from sunwu february amquote from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
50 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
50 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
50 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare sorry derail but where might find you vending others see sunwu has not logged for bit anyone can answer this would think you very kind indeed. 
51 have some empathy but please not forget the fact you are reporter. 
51 not have exposed your common information poor protocol immature just opinion. 
52 place like localbitcoins. 
52 they put coins escrow until deal finished. 
52 just did deal with dude china and got coins minutes. 
52 you can see there feedback and everything. 
53 well have one these for agora links figured better get this going before the link spam ensues. 
53 against the rules the hub spam referral links the open forum please limit them your signatures and this thread. 
53 ill kick this off heres mine. 
53 php register fba. 
54 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
55 first let say excited announce one more market which customers may find. 
55 the doors are open come and get some. 
55 second let say thanks for the opportunity albert and sorry for ruffling your feathers the other day. 
56 something site wallet asked support and the told becasue its below the minimum. 
57 important silk road has removed escrow. 
57 customer support non existent. 
57 due recent events silk road has removed the security escrow from its market. 
57 orders are now set auto finalize leaving buyers the mercy vendors. 
57 make matters worse there currently customer support from site staff staff continue direct full attention the market itself. 
57 disputes can still opened but responses are far not forthcoming. 
57 what does this mean this means that buyers are completely the hands vendors. 
57 vendors are free claim packages have been dispatched and without staff intervention there can way settling the dispute. 
57 its advisable avoid the market the current state but you must use silk road please only deal with vendors you recognise that can researched thoroughly. 
58 delete this seems pointless but growing numbers users especially new users are ignorant the state silk road the moment and only become aware once theyve placed order. 
58 this stops one user being scammed then its worked. 
59 have buyer account. 
59 account says balance but under pending has what balance was like. 
59 assuming that what owed but havent received yet. 
60 have some empathy but please not forget the fact you are reporter. 
60 not have exposed your common information poor protocol immature just opinion. 
61 our experience was the few initial orders there were fine then required support transaction and was day reply from support and our issue was not resolved. 
61 agreed percent refund the buyer and kept the bitcoins buyer was out. 
61 usd because this action. 
61 lost small portion too. 
61 will not vend dls market anymore they have flaws little support and deceitful practices. 
61 edit update received and emailing stating every was resolved was not funds were never released. 
62 really not have definitive answer for you because nobody agrees this. 
62 the kind person who needle haystack type that likes blend with the crowd. 
62 mirage likes his her obfuscated bridges. 
62 axa likes his her vpn tor. 
62 you will never get everyone come together this never ending debate. 
62 find one that you feel best about. 
62 sorry for the lack answer. 
63 from cicada february pmplease elaborate the hypervisor use case possible references detailed example documentation most appreciated. 
63 safe assume the torvm comprised barebones installation with iptables dropping everything but tor traffic dont know off the shelf play play set documentation for virtual isolation hidden services. 
63 the simplest method probably using whonix gateway and servicevm either whonix workstation bare install linux bsd behind all running under virtualbox. 
63 probably the best method would involve configuring xen using not hvm theres less attack surface the hypervisor provide bridge interface from the ethernet adapter the outside virtual interface thetorvm then using separate virtual interface between the inside the torvm and the servicevm. 
63 yes the middlebox torvm should pretty much just have tor instance and properly configured iptables etc firewall ruleset. 
63 the tor instance will host the onion service. 
63 the overall picture looks like this enduser tor hops hidden service tor instance torvm the only traffic the servervm should seeing from the torvm inbound http requests assuming web server what were talking about. 
63 therefore the only legitimate traffic that the firewall rule the inside interface the torvm should have allow that interface are responses http requests. 
63 you could track state traffic leaving the torvm for the servervm and only allow established connections come back. 
63 you lock down this far literally nothing with syn bit should allowed out from the servervm. 
63 once you think its good you should least use nmap something similar make sure you cant get traffic out past the torvm. 
63 youll have have way manage the servervm you will need allow appropriate management traffic. 
63 your management happens over tor recommend least considering the use client authorization for hidden management services. 
63 that scenario your tor client needs hidservauth entry get the management onion address and the torvm will need host separate management onion address service with access controlled via the directive. 
63 was going build one xen disassemble qubes and steal much possible. 
63 they already solve most these problems theyre just doing from client perspective instead server one. 
64 everyone know this place. 
64 onion have you review about many thanks. 
65 cyprus has long been attractive offshore financial hub. 
65 their economy based the finance sector and tourism but the gfc did come knockin unfortunately with the citizens left involuntarily foot the bill. 
65 bailout agreement reached with meant that the countrys second biggest bank froze accounts that the gov could take out the money from all uninsured accounts well other measures hostile the interests the people. 
65 this was the catalyst for bail bitcoin due people wanting protect their wealth from their own government. 
65 the bitcoin price shot drastically from highs before were all course. 
65 cyprus have long been well educated when comes finance surprise see many cypriots calling for cyprus become the worlds first bitcoin hub. 
65 they realize that there are huge advantages for the country that jumps first. 
65 the initial meteoric rise the price bitcoin that they would holding the time just one tantalizing prospect for country become hub for bitcoin would also huge win for bitcoin not just for the initial rise value there also the perceived legitimacy that comes with entire country getting behind. 
65 and once bitcoin has country and their banks heavily invested the exchange bitcoins for fiat will much easier there would host new exchanges popping out cyprus without the banking limits the current exchanges are plagued with. 
65 cyprus also has the first university accept bitcoin for fee payments and offer course cryptocurrency. 
65 recently the worlds first bitcoin bank was opened cyprus. 
65 this will help foster widespread adoption country where people are little more openminded when comes bitcoin. 
65 com bank like bitcoin portal neo opens first branch cyprus. 
65 com the central bank cyprus has been more favorable bitcoin lately. 
65 com bitcoin legal says central bank cyprus. 
66 from february amalso the perceived legitimacy that comes with entire country getting behind itsensational. 
67 com unilateral statement regarding gox insider not often you get see ceo speak freely. 
67 the guy clearly passionate about bitcoin hopefully his exchange can overcome their latest banking woes. 
67 can help but angry and frustrated and depressed. 
67 all the hard work done bring bitcoin the mainstream and now this and the people. 
67 look was supposed write some lawyer approved statement about how kraken kicks ass and super secure and compliant and payward leading the charge data and all the great things doing right. 
68 from kraken ceoit goddamn war and not going won without you. 
68 how many opportunities history have had people change the world such positive way none zero. 
69 from stingray february heres theory based that evidence. 
69 think was indeed hacked and some funds were stolen. 
69 think defcunt saw the coins vanishing and shutdown bitcoind. 
69 after this think realized his database was total mess and could not fix decided steal all the coins and blamed the hacker for everything. 
69 you havent noticed peoples balances are fucked and there are people who have pending balance. 
69 thats very good theory. 
69 were thinking the same thing but wanted post all our physical evidence first. 
69 but that good point because lot users including have had their entire wallet stolen after having nothing escrow. 
69 very possible that defon someone else behind the scene dpr stexo realised what was going with the hack knew that their coding was totally fucked since they cloned from. 
69 gox and just decided take the rest for themselves. 
69 there very strong possibility that that occured and our investigation will likely head that direction later. 
69 but for now want try and stay impartial hard that just providing the physical evidence have obtained far. 
69 people can decide for themselves. 
69 but that seems pretty good conclusion. 
70 have pending balance and pendin escrow. 
70 both orders from before the shutdown neither marked shipped before. 
70 one marked shipped after. 
70 the one marked shipped hasnt auto finalized and the one with the cancel option hasnt been automatically cancelled for now sticking the old escrow system until the goods arrive and the vendor isnt receiving funds even pending when people finalize want sure they have that worked out before otherwise balance now zero just the pending balance and pending escrow balance. 
71 important silk road has removed escrow. 
71 customer support non existent. 
71 due recent events silk road has removed the security escrow from its market. 
71 orders are now set auto finalize leaving buyers the mercy vendors. 
71 make matters worse there currently customer support from site staff staff continue direct full attention the market itself. 
71 disputes can still opened but responses are far not forthcoming. 
71 what does this mean this means that buyers are completely the hands vendors. 
71 vendors are free claim packages have been dispatched and without staff intervention there can way settling the dispute. 
71 its advisable avoid the market the current state but you must use silk road please only deal with vendors you recognise that can researched thoroughly. 
72 delete this seems pointless but growing numbers users especially new users are ignorant the state silk road the moment and only become aware once theyve placed order. 
72 this stops one user being scammed then its worked. 
73 place like localbitcoins. 
73 they put coins escrow until deal finished. 
73 just did deal with dude china and got coins minutes. 
73 you can see there feedback and everything. 
74 that update was very interesting. 
74 the person who wrote that message knows what they are talking about. 
74 what really interesting the author believes the hacker wouldnt have gotten away with much. 
74 this suggests was inside job. 
74 his assessment gox itself very interesting. 
74 sounds like goxs accounting was terrible because they couldnt handle bitcoin transactions correctly. 
74 this correct this certainly explains why gox stalling there database mess. 
74 the blockchain transactions are similar linked list adt then they are going have one hell mess clean. 
74 heres theory based that evidence. 
74 think was indeed hacked and some funds were stolen. 
74 think defcunt saw the coins vanishing and shutdown bitcoind. 
74 after this think realized his database was total mess and could not fix decided steal all the coins and blamed the hacker for everything. 
74 you havent noticed peoples balances are fucked and there are people who have pending balance. 
75 from february pmquote from poopoo february amquote from february amquote from poopoo february amquote from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
75 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
75 thats the first one for your list get the coinssomeone should start one nominate hwell the contest has not finished but you got laugh out. 
75 btc address wll send some your way peeps know seriousput into the hub forums post picture your boobs fundhehe have one point the directionsome one should start one nominate honeray nothing like good boobie thread unite the comunity lol. 
76 from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
76 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
76 thats the first one for your list get the coins. 
77 dont enjoy reading stupidity anyone who does insane. 
78 would suggest time could better spent. 
78 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
79 from february amquote from poopoo february amquote from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
79 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
79 thats the first one for your list get the coinswell the contest has not finished but you got laugh out. 
79 btc address wll send some your way peeps know seriousput into the hub forums post picture your boobs fund. 
80 from angel eyes february xsposer can you explain how you identified particular bitcoin wallet from the transactions just curious because though the only way tell addresses belonged single wallet was tracing movements coins aggregated from set addresses. 
80 was team effort largely lead the bbmc and the btva. 
80 they had the funds the knowledge and the ability study the taint analysis and follow fragments btc they were firing known wallets importance. 
80 following these coins lead the wallet above which has been transferring steady stream btc every few hours since dec. 
80 further investigation has revealed that this fact the hackers wallet likely the former dev pritel although still unclear what role defcon stexo and libertas had all this. 
80 here the updated stolen wallet thread including all bbmcs evidence and redacted dox the suspect hacker former developer pritel. 
80 msg msg that dox info along with the info bbmc supplied makes this saga pretty conclusive. 
80 the only questions left what part the scam did defcon stexo libertas play and also who this narco because defcon still calling for his head yet hearing its dropshipper account very strange. 
81 something site wallet asked support and the told becasue its below the minimum. 
82 from every february amfirst let say excited announce one more market which customers may find. 
82 the doors are open come and get some. 
82 second let say thanks for the opportunity albert and sorry for ruffling your feathers the other day. 
82 heya welcome abroad tba and worries mate long its great feedback constructive criticism totally dont mind all only helps improve. 
82 and everyone entitled their opinion. 
82 hope tba delivers everything you expect off great marketplace. 
83 very much agree. 
83 ill you when get chance. 
83 strange when everybody wants know much possible about everything and everyone while are sharing tips and tutorials how stay anonymous tor hidden services. 
83 have affiliation with any market just clear. 
83 but its annoying see personal info posted left and right. 
83 would you like somebody that you. 
83 what goes around comes around. 
83 stay safe all. 
84 from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
86 well have one these for agora links figured better get this going before the link spam ensues. 
86 against the rules the hub spam referral links the open forum please limit them your signatures and this thread. 
86 ill kick this off heres mine. 
86 php register fba. 
87 defcon thief just borrowed the coins will pay back. 
87 lol sure will. 
88 first let say excited announce one more market which customers may find. 
88 the doors are open come and get some. 
88 second let say thanks for the opportunity albert and sorry for ruffling your feathers the other day. 
89 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
90 from sunwu february amquote from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
90 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
90 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
90 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare sorry derail but where might find you vending others see sunwu has not logged for bit anyone can answer this would think you very kind indeed. 
91 just joined here. 
91 tried posting this forum but ended with karma couple hours. 
91 hopefully people will more receptive constructive here. 
91 love but some customers suck dick suggest using expresscoin cashforcoin. 
91 they offer several methods for acquiring coins one which sending usps money order. 
91 buy money order does not require and costs less than like for every money order. 
91 this means you can purchase several thousand dollars worth money orders different post offices very short period and keep returning them. 
91 benefits using money orders are that banks not see large transactions. 
91 you can take your money from selling and turn right into bitcoins. 
91 intermediary bank involved. 
91 also your name not the money order. 
91 now these sites require you send picture with the money order. 
91 this does not seem like the largest deal though. 
91 most resourceful people should able come with valid from several different people not themself. 
91 mean jesus just pay some junkies piece for pictures their and hour you will have ids. 
91 just take picture print that shit and mail off with your money order. 
91 you also need email them copy pictures and money order. 
91 wipe exif data and you are bueno. 
91 they will keep this file they are money transfer service but will never get that far. 
91 why you ask because you arent dumbass and you mixed your coins course fallbacks are necessary though. 
91 suggest tumbling mixing whatever twice before depositing into any market wallet. 
91 this redundancy will cost only very small percentage and the time you are done possible get money into your marketplace wallet for only more than market value quantities. 
91 here how this all looks expresscoin wallet mixing wallet mixing marketplacebad scenario they track coins wallet. 
91 worse scenario they track coins wallet. 
91 they track back wallet entirely your fault. 
91 but say this happens. 
91 now sees comes from expresscoin and subpoenas them. 
91 finds record with that isnt you but they will follow that person. 
91 what does this mean well for means lot work. 
91 they now need prove ownership each wallet the person whose. 
91 apocalypse scenario they are able prove ownership each wallet the same person. 
91 dont know how this apocalypse scenario would happen but not the most savvy person either. 
91 this happens the person whose could get visit from police but most likely not. 
91 say this point the person drops your name. 
91 certainly seems short grounds for warrant think they would probably knock and talk police stop without warrant try get you say something that grounds for warrant. 
91 police show your door. 
91 hey muttley have you linked illegal purchases online. 
91 need talk you about this downtown. 
91 sorry officer wouldnt know anything about that. 
91 sounds like some crazy shit though. 
91 hope you officers have good day. 
91 bye bye now. 
91 and that where ends. 
91 the only downside your person with the compromised you can never again use your own address receive anything and will need use someone catch packages for you from then. 
91 impossible get the level police ever showing you mix coins properly. 
91 there are sufficient number failsafes though for use this method with regularity and large amounts. 
91 certain steps need taken though prevent expresscoin similar services from getting suspicious though not order from multiple ids and send them all the same time from the same location. 
91 stagger few days possible. 
91 make sure the ids are not all from the same location you live small town. 
91 orders for two thousand bucks piece within week from the middle kansas will raise eyebrows. 
91 vary amounts slightly. 
91 time think this isnt huge deal. 
91 any input suggestions. 
92 would expect this post have advice buying your coins anonymous fashion. 
92 that order for leo convict you they need all the pieces the following person purchased btc with method same person then transfered said purchased btc and transferred for illegal purposes person was taken into custody with evidence the illegal activities. 
92 steps and are the ones most thought about and are dealt with coin washing and pgp encryption address among other things ensuring safe delivery. 
92 think this post should emphasize point and the options for buying btc here are mostly ones that can trace the purchase directly back individual. 
92 credit card bank account. 
92 endorse finding ways purchase the btc using cash transfer the most anonymous fashion possible. 
92 for instance have seen listings localbitcoin. 
92 com for cash the mail transfers however one must have high level trust said vendor for this viable option. 
92 another localbitcoin trick the other online payment optioin where you purchase something like greendot card cash grocery store convenience store and then upload images said card and reciept showing was purchased cash. 
92 you choose this option vital that you know the metadata the images you will sending not send images taken cell phone sure there accurate time location data retrievable from the image. 
92 this can accomplished through function tails you could upload the images imgur and then use those images for the transfer. 
92 since most vendors who work this way request image the receipt well highly suggest using pen marker remove all location time identification from the receirpt. 
92 fold hide the label the store you purchased from write over the letters and numbers that could used identifiable information. 
92 finally when you purchase the cash coin intermediary. 
92 vanilla reload card suggest you wear heavy clothing such that images your face can taken while you purchase the card. 
92 hoddie and sun glasses and something cover your chin gloves dont hurt either. 
92 also suggest you purchase cards from more than one location this makes more difficult isolate where the purchases are taking place. 
92 remember always act you are already compromised leo. 
92 extra step precautions would suggest parking your car little ways aways from the purchase location that cameras could get picture you entering your car and getting your license plate number. 
92 the only better way buy coin buy cash from friend yours with decent stock pile then there are traces whatsoever. 
92 this way leo ever does hit you with scenario being caught with evidence illegal activity they will not able add extra charges that would possible they can trace the purchase all the way back the purchase the btc. 
92 washing your coins important early and alot but there another step before washing the coins that can just important washing the coins and that anonymous purchase the coins. 
92 please anyone give feedback this post identify ways improve the anonymity purchasing coins anonymously. 
92 also you have some spare coin donate alfred. 
92 this site awesome and want stick around just much erowid. 
93 from cxm february ami would expect this post have advice buying your coins anonymous fashion. 
93 that order for leo convict you they need all the pieces the following person purchased btc with method same person then transfered said purchased btc and transferred for illegal purposes person was taken into custody with evidence the illegal activities. 
93 steps and are the ones most thought about and are dealt with coin washing and pgp encryption address among other things ensuring safe delivery. 
93 think this post should emphasize point and the options for buying btc here are mostly ones that can trace the purchase directly back individual. 
93 credit card bank account. 
93 endorse finding ways purchase the btc using cash transfer the most anonymous fashion possible. 
93 for instance have seen listings localbitcoin. 
93 com for cash the mail transfers however one must have high level trust said vendor for this viable option. 
93 another localbitcoin trick the other online payment optioin where you purchase something like greendot card cash grocery store convenience store and then upload images said card and reciept showing was purchased cash. 
93 you choose this option vital that you know the metadata the images you will sending not send images taken cell phone sure there accurate time location data retrievable from the image. 
93 this can accomplished through function tails you could upload the images imgur and then use those images for the transfer. 
93 since most vendors who work this way request image the receipt well highly suggest using pen marker remove all location time identification from the receirpt. 
93 fold hide the label the store you purchased from write over the letters and numbers that could used identifiable information. 
93 finally when you purchase the cash coin intermediary. 
93 vanilla reload card suggest you wear heavy clothing such that images your face can taken while you purchase the card. 
93 hoddie and sun glasses and something cover your chin gloves dont hurt either. 
93 also suggest you purchase cards from more than one location this makes more difficult isolate where the purchases are taking place. 
93 remember always act you are already compromised leo. 
93 extra step precautions would suggest parking your car little ways aways from the purchase location that cameras could get picture you entering your car and getting your license plate number. 
93 the only better way buy coin buy cash from friend yours with decent stock pile then there are traces whatsoever. 
93 this way leo ever does hit you with scenario being caught with evidence illegal activity they will not able add extra charges that would possible they can trace the purchase all the way back the purchase the btc. 
93 washing your coins important early and alot but there another step before washing the coins that can just important washing the coins and that anonymous purchase the coins. 
93 please anyone give feedback this post identify ways improve the anonymity purchasing coins anonymously. 
93 also you have some spare coin donate alfred. 
93 this site awesome and want stick around just much erowid. 
93 orgmost folks already realize that using bitcoin mixing service essential and recommended for security even you purchase bitcoin locally with cash. 
93 becoming more difficult purchase bitcoin without providing identity information which will taint your coins and make possible track the use back you keep separate bitcoin wallet for clean coins. 
93 send all your newly purchased bitcoin through bitcoin fog with delivery your clean wallet and you are good. 
94 heres awesome corker from dfather quotetheres old saying that goes fall down times stand. 
94 msg msg seriously you are quite happy take hits from and still shout how great they are hahahaha and make things better the thread had the word love the title. 
94 moar love now gimme that. 
95 there are two types people the darknet. 
95 fanboys and those that heavily dislike fanboys. 
95 this thread for the people the latter group who enjoy reading some the stupidity that shat onto the forums daily basis. 
95 post any good comments you find and think deserve requote here. 
95 this laugh nothing more leave your somebody think the children idiocy out. 
95 get the thread going will awarding. 
95 bitcoin the person who posts the best fanboy. 
95 just copy and paste the well the link the page can verify. 
95 prove this not fake giveaway the bitcoin can only member who was registered here before feb and not. 
95 have your entry march utc winner will announced midday the next day which time you give btc address. 
95 you have good but are not eligible you are too new post anyway and might sling you some bitcoin anyway. 
95 alfie will donate. 
95 btc the hub you agree publicly make this thread sticky until least finally dies. 
96 have buyer account. 
96 account says balance but under pending has what balance was like. 
96 assuming that what owed but havent received yet. 
97 have some empathy but please not forget the fact you are reporter. 
97 not have exposed your common information poor protocol immature just opinion. 
98 our experience was the few initial orders there were fine then required support transaction and was day reply from support and our issue was not resolved. 
98 agreed percent refund the buyer and kept the bitcoins buyer was out. 
98 usd because this action. 
98 lost small portion too. 
98 will not vend dls market anymore they have flaws little support and deceitful practices. 
98 edit update received and emailing stating every was resolved was not funds were never released. 
99 really not have definitive answer for you because nobody agrees this. 
99 the kind person who needle haystack type that likes blend with the crowd. 
99 mirage likes his her obfuscated bridges. 
99 axa likes his her vpn tor. 
99 you will never get everyone come together this never ending debate. 
99 find one that you feel best about. 
99 sorry for the lack answer. 
100 from cicada february pmplease elaborate the hypervisor use case possible references detailed example documentation most appreciated. 
100 safe assume the torvm comprised barebones installation with iptables dropping everything but tor traffic dont know off the shelf play play set documentation for virtual isolation hidden services. 
100 the simplest method probably using whonix gateway and servicevm either whonix workstation bare install linux bsd behind all running under virtualbox. 
100 probably the best method would involve configuring xen using not hvm theres less attack surface the hypervisor provide bridge interface from the ethernet adapter the outside virtual interface thetorvm then using separate virtual interface between the inside the torvm and the servicevm. 
100 yes the middlebox torvm should pretty much just have tor instance and properly configured iptables etc firewall ruleset. 
100 the tor instance will host the onion service. 
100 the overall picture looks like this enduser tor hops hidden service tor instance torvm the only traffic the servervm should seeing from the torvm inbound http requests assuming web server what were talking about. 
100 therefore the only legitimate traffic that the firewall rule the inside interface the torvm should have allow that interface are responses http requests. 
100 you could track state traffic leaving the torvm for the servervm and only allow established connections come back. 
100 you lock down this far literally nothing with syn bit should allowed out from the servervm. 
100 once you think its good you should least use nmap something similar make sure you cant get traffic out past the torvm. 
100 youll have have way manage the servervm you will need allow appropriate management traffic. 
100 your management happens over tor recommend least considering the use client authorization for hidden management services. 
100 that scenario your tor client needs hidservauth entry get the management onion address and the torvm will need host separate management onion address service with access controlled via the directive. 
100 was going build one xen disassemble qubes and steal much possible. 
100 they already solve most these problems theyre just doing from client perspective instead server one. 
101 from february pmquote from poopoo february amquote from february amquote from poopoo february amquote from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
101 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
101 thats the first one for your list get the coinssomeone should start one nominate hwell the contest has not finished but you got laugh out. 
101 btc address wll send some your way peeps know seriousput into the hub forums post picture your boobs fundhehe have one point the directionsome one should start one nominate honeray nothing like good boobie thread unite the comunity lol. 
102 from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
102 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
102 thats the first one for your list get the coins. 
103 dont enjoy reading stupidity anyone who does insane. 
104 would suggest time could better spent. 
104 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
105 from february amquote from poopoo february amquote from honeyray february ami would suggest time could better spent. 
105 our community needs work together not spend time causing pointless rifts and division. 
105 thats the first one for your list get the coinswell the contest has not finished but you got laugh out. 
105 btc address wll send some your way peeps know seriousput into the hub forums post picture your boobs fund. 
106 from angel eyes february xsposer can you explain how you identified particular bitcoin wallet from the transactions just curious because though the only way tell addresses belonged single wallet was tracing movements coins aggregated from set addresses. 
106 was team effort largely lead the bbmc and the btva. 
106 they had the funds the knowledge and the ability study the taint analysis and follow fragments btc they were firing known wallets importance. 
106 following these coins lead the wallet above which has been transferring steady stream btc every few hours since dec. 
106 further investigation has revealed that this fact the hackers wallet likely the former dev pritel although still unclear what role defcon stexo and libertas had all this. 
106 here the updated stolen wallet thread including all bbmcs evidence and redacted dox the suspect hacker former developer pritel. 
106 msg msg that dox info along with the info bbmc supplied makes this saga pretty conclusive. 
106 the only questions left what part the scam did defcon stexo libertas play and also who this narco because defcon still calling for his head yet hearing its dropshipper account very strange. 
107 something site wallet asked support and the told becasue its below the minimum. 
108 from every february amfirst let say excited announce one more market which customers may find. 
108 the doors are open come and get some. 
108 second let say thanks for the opportunity albert and sorry for ruffling your feathers the other day. 
108 heya welcome abroad tba and worries mate long its great feedback constructive criticism totally dont mind all only helps improve. 
108 and everyone entitled their opinion. 
108 hope tba delivers everything you expect off great marketplace. 
109 very much agree. 
109 ill you when get chance. 
109 strange when everybody wants know much possible about everything and everyone while are sharing tips and tutorials how stay anonymous tor hidden services. 
109 have affiliation with any market just clear. 
109 but its annoying see personal info posted left and right. 
109 would you like somebody that you. 
109 what goes around comes around. 
109 stay safe all. 
110 from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
112 well have one these for agora links figured better get this going before the link spam ensues. 
112 against the rules the hub spam referral links the open forum please limit them your signatures and this thread. 
112 ill kick this off heres mine. 
112 php register fba. 
113 defcon thief just borrowed the coins will pay back. 
113 lol sure will. 
114 first let say excited announce one more market which customers may find. 
114 the doors are open come and get some. 
114 second let say thanks for the opportunity albert and sorry for ruffling your feathers the other day. 
115 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
116 from sunwu february amquote from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
116 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
116 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
116 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare sorry derail but where might find you vending others see sunwu has not logged for bit anyone can answer this would think you very kind indeed. 
117 just joined here. 
117 tried posting this forum but ended with karma couple hours. 
117 hopefully people will more receptive constructive here. 
117 love but some customers suck dick suggest using expresscoin cashforcoin. 
117 they offer several methods for acquiring coins one which sending usps money order. 
117 buy money order does not require and costs less than like for every money order. 
117 this means you can purchase several thousand dollars worth money orders different post offices very short period and keep returning them. 
117 benefits using money orders are that banks not see large transactions. 
117 you can take your money from selling and turn right into bitcoins. 
117 intermediary bank involved. 
117 also your name not the money order. 
117 now these sites require you send picture with the money order. 
117 this does not seem like the largest deal though. 
117 most resourceful people should able come with valid from several different people not themself. 
117 mean jesus just pay some junkies piece for pictures their and hour you will have ids. 
117 just take picture print that shit and mail off with your money order. 
117 you also need email them copy pictures and money order. 
117 wipe exif data and you are bueno. 
117 they will keep this file they are money transfer service but will never get that far. 
117 why you ask because you arent dumbass and you mixed your coins course fallbacks are necessary though. 
117 suggest tumbling mixing whatever twice before depositing into any market wallet. 
117 this redundancy will cost only very small percentage and the time you are done possible get money into your marketplace wallet for only more than market value quantities. 
117 here how this all looks expresscoin wallet mixing wallet mixing marketplacebad scenario they track coins wallet. 
117 worse scenario they track coins wallet. 
117 they track back wallet entirely your fault. 
117 but say this happens. 
117 now sees comes from expresscoin and subpoenas them. 
117 finds record with that isnt you but they will follow that person. 
117 what does this mean well for means lot work. 
117 they now need prove ownership each wallet the person whose. 
117 apocalypse scenario they are able prove ownership each wallet the same person. 
117 dont know how this apocalypse scenario would happen but not the most savvy person either. 
117 this happens the person whose could get visit from police but most likely not. 
117 say this point the person drops your name. 
117 certainly seems short grounds for warrant think they would probably knock and talk police stop without warrant try get you say something that grounds for warrant. 
117 police show your door. 
117 hey muttley have you linked illegal purchases online. 
117 need talk you about this downtown. 
117 sorry officer wouldnt know anything about that. 
117 sounds like some crazy shit though. 
117 hope you officers have good day. 
117 bye bye now. 
117 and that where ends. 
117 the only downside your person with the compromised you can never again use your own address receive anything and will need use someone catch packages for you from then. 
117 impossible get the level police ever showing you mix coins properly. 
117 there are sufficient number failsafes though for use this method with regularity and large amounts. 
117 certain steps need taken though prevent expresscoin similar services from getting suspicious though not order from multiple ids and send them all the same time from the same location. 
117 stagger few days possible. 
117 make sure the ids are not all from the same location you live small town. 
117 orders for two thousand bucks piece within week from the middle kansas will raise eyebrows. 
117 vary amounts slightly. 
117 time think this isnt huge deal. 
117 any input suggestions. 
118 would expect this post have advice buying your coins anonymous fashion. 
118 that order for leo convict you they need all the pieces the following person purchased btc with method same person then transfered said purchased btc and transferred for illegal purposes person was taken into custody with evidence the illegal activities. 
118 steps and are the ones most thought about and are dealt with coin washing and pgp encryption address among other things ensuring safe delivery. 
118 think this post should emphasize point and the options for buying btc here are mostly ones that can trace the purchase directly back individual. 
118 credit card bank account. 
118 endorse finding ways purchase the btc using cash transfer the most anonymous fashion possible. 
118 for instance have seen listings localbitcoin. 
118 com for cash the mail transfers however one must have high level trust said vendor for this viable option. 
118 another localbitcoin trick the other online payment optioin where you purchase something like greendot card cash grocery store convenience store and then upload images said card and reciept showing was purchased cash. 
118 you choose this option vital that you know the metadata the images you will sending not send images taken cell phone sure there accurate time location data retrievable from the image. 
118 this can accomplished through function tails you could upload the images imgur and then use those images for the transfer. 
118 since most vendors who work this way request image the receipt well highly suggest using pen marker remove all location time identification from the receirpt. 
118 fold hide the label the store you purchased from write over the letters and numbers that could used identifiable information. 
118 finally when you purchase the cash coin intermediary. 
118 vanilla reload card suggest you wear heavy clothing such that images your face can taken while you purchase the card. 
118 hoddie and sun glasses and something cover your chin gloves dont hurt either. 
118 also suggest you purchase cards from more than one location this makes more difficult isolate where the purchases are taking place. 
118 remember always act you are already compromised leo. 
118 extra step precautions would suggest parking your car little ways aways from the purchase location that cameras could get picture you entering your car and getting your license plate number. 
118 the only better way buy coin buy cash from friend yours with decent stock pile then there are traces whatsoever. 
118 this way leo ever does hit you with scenario being caught with evidence illegal activity they will not able add extra charges that would possible they can trace the purchase all the way back the purchase the btc. 
118 washing your coins important early and alot but there another step before washing the coins that can just important washing the coins and that anonymous purchase the coins. 
118 please anyone give feedback this post identify ways improve the anonymity purchasing coins anonymously. 
118 also you have some spare coin donate alfred. 
118 this site awesome and want stick around just much erowid. 
119 from cxm february ami would expect this post have advice buying your coins anonymous fashion. 
119 that order for leo convict you they need all the pieces the following person purchased btc with method same person then transfered said purchased btc and transferred for illegal purposes person was taken into custody with evidence the illegal activities. 
119 steps and are the ones most thought about and are dealt with coin washing and pgp encryption address among other things ensuring safe delivery. 
119 think this post should emphasize point and the options for buying btc here are mostly ones that can trace the purchase directly back individual. 
119 credit card bank account. 
119 endorse finding ways purchase the btc using cash transfer the most anonymous fashion possible. 
119 for instance have seen listings localbitcoin. 
119 com for cash the mail transfers however one must have high level trust said vendor for this viable option. 
119 another localbitcoin trick the other online payment optioin where you purchase something like greendot card cash grocery store convenience store and then upload images said card and reciept showing was purchased cash. 
119 you choose this option vital that you know the metadata the images you will sending not send images taken cell phone sure there accurate time location data retrievable from the image. 
119 this can accomplished through function tails you could upload the images imgur and then use those images for the transfer. 
119 since most vendors who work this way request image the receipt well highly suggest using pen marker remove all location time identification from the receirpt. 
119 fold hide the label the store you purchased from write over the letters and numbers that could used identifiable information. 
119 finally when you purchase the cash coin intermediary. 
119 vanilla reload card suggest you wear heavy clothing such that images your face can taken while you purchase the card. 
119 hoddie and sun glasses and something cover your chin gloves dont hurt either. 
119 also suggest you purchase cards from more than one location this makes more difficult isolate where the purchases are taking place. 
119 remember always act you are already compromised leo. 
119 extra step precautions would suggest parking your car little ways aways from the purchase location that cameras could get picture you entering your car and getting your license plate number. 
119 the only better way buy coin buy cash from friend yours with decent stock pile then there are traces whatsoever. 
119 this way leo ever does hit you with scenario being caught with evidence illegal activity they will not able add extra charges that would possible they can trace the purchase all the way back the purchase the btc. 
119 washing your coins important early and alot but there another step before washing the coins that can just important washing the coins and that anonymous purchase the coins. 
119 please anyone give feedback this post identify ways improve the anonymity purchasing coins anonymously. 
119 also you have some spare coin donate alfred. 
119 this site awesome and want stick around just much erowid. 
119 orgmost folks already realize that using bitcoin mixing service essential and recommended for security even you purchase bitcoin locally with cash. 
119 becoming more difficult purchase bitcoin without providing identity information which will taint your coins and make possible track the use back you keep separate bitcoin wallet for clean coins. 
119 send all your newly purchased bitcoin through bitcoin fog with delivery your clean wallet and you are good. 
120 heres awesome corker from dfather quotetheres old saying that goes fall down times stand. 
120 msg msg seriously you are quite happy take hits from and still shout how great they are hahahaha and make things better the thread had the word love the title. 
120 moar love now gimme that. 
121 there are two types people the darknet. 
121 fanboys and those that heavily dislike fanboys. 
121 this thread for the people the latter group who enjoy reading some the stupidity that shat onto the forums daily basis. 
121 post any good comments you find and think deserve requote here. 
121 this laugh nothing more leave your somebody think the children idiocy out. 
121 get the thread going will awarding. 
121 bitcoin the person who posts the best fanboy. 
121 just copy and paste the well the link the page can verify. 
121 prove this not fake giveaway the bitcoin can only member who was registered here before feb and not. 
121 have your entry march utc winner will announced midday the next day which time you give btc address. 
121 you have good but are not eligible you are too new post anyway and might sling you some bitcoin anyway. 
121 alfie will donate. 
121 btc the hub you agree publicly make this thread sticky until least finally dies. 
122 have buyer account. 
122 account says balance but under pending has what balance was like. 
122 assuming that what owed but havent received yet. 
123 have some empathy but please not forget the fact you are reporter. 
123 not have exposed your common information poor protocol immature just opinion. 
124 our experience was the few initial orders there were fine then required support transaction and was day reply from support and our issue was not resolved. 
124 agreed percent refund the buyer and kept the bitcoins buyer was out. 
124 usd because this action. 
124 lost small portion too. 
124 will not vend dls market anymore they have flaws little support and deceitful practices. 
124 edit update received and emailing stating every was resolved was not funds were never released. 
125 really not have definitive answer for you because nobody agrees this. 
125 the kind person who needle haystack type that likes blend with the crowd. 
125 mirage likes his her obfuscated bridges. 
125 axa likes his her vpn tor. 
125 you will never get everyone come together this never ending debate. 
125 find one that you feel best about. 
125 sorry for the lack answer. 
126 from cicada february pmplease elaborate the hypervisor use case possible references detailed example documentation most appreciated. 
126 safe assume the torvm comprised barebones installation with iptables dropping everything but tor traffic dont know off the shelf play play set documentation for virtual isolation hidden services. 
126 the simplest method probably using whonix gateway and servicevm either whonix workstation bare install linux bsd behind all running under virtualbox. 
126 probably the best method would involve configuring xen using not hvm theres less attack surface the hypervisor provide bridge interface from the ethernet adapter the outside virtual interface thetorvm then using separate virtual interface between the inside the torvm and the servicevm. 
126 yes the middlebox torvm should pretty much just have tor instance and properly configured iptables etc firewall ruleset. 
126 the tor instance will host the onion service. 
126 the overall picture looks like this enduser tor hops hidden service tor instance torvm the only traffic the servervm should seeing from the torvm inbound http requests assuming web server what were talking about. 
126 therefore the only legitimate traffic that the firewall rule the inside interface the torvm should have allow that interface are responses http requests. 
126 you could track state traffic leaving the torvm for the servervm and only allow established connections come back. 
126 you lock down this far literally nothing with syn bit should allowed out from the servervm. 
126 once you think its good you should least use nmap something similar make sure you cant get traffic out past the torvm. 
126 youll have have way manage the servervm you will need allow appropriate management traffic. 
126 your management happens over tor recommend least considering the use client authorization for hidden management services. 
126 that scenario your tor client needs hidservauth entry get the management onion address and the torvm will need host separate management onion address service with access controlled via the directive. 
126 was going build one xen disassemble qubes and steal much possible. 
126 they already solve most these problems theyre just doing from client perspective instead server one. 
127 didnt snowden say all pgp software was backdoored the nsa saw the news that criminals and terrorists use mmorpg games communicate and carry out illegal transactions with the game money. 
127 they said there are fbi agents whos sole job play these games all day search said criminals. 
127 can one you tech experts check out chatcrypt. 
127 com for they claim not even the site owner cant read your messeges. 
128 but some reputable scource claimed all pgp software was backdoored the nsa. 
128 know snowden said the nsa having great difficulty cracking tor. 
129 from daytrading march ammagic the gathering fuck thats they never even changed the name the sitemagic the gathering online exchange. 
130 from ronin february pmquote from ueoc february pmwhy everybody making this complicated make sure you guys visit these clearnet site before continuing. 
130 they have free open sourced software that facilitates multi signature transaction. 
130 comalso theres great article deepdotweb with mini tutorial how its done. 
130 com bitrated bitcoin arbitration marketplace like the coinb. 
130 way allows for more flexibility. 
130 the first thing must all agree the correct terminology. 
130 multi signature transaction outlined bitcoin improvement protocol not escrow. 
130 when using multi sig point does anybody have the ability run off with the funds. 
130 multi sig more like lock that takes predetermined number keys unlock and have access the funds. 
130 most cases this done using multi sig transaction. 
130 its really very simple and anyone should able figure out. 
130 javascript required too much effort verify the script each and everytime you use. 
130 well yea but the application designed for you use locally your own machine. 
130 right click save page etc. 
130 you also imply that javascript bad but recommend using electrum bitcoind too much effort like saying its too much effort use pgp its never too much effort verify your funds but were glad you didnt imply that there arent free open sourced solutions available. 
131 from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
131 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
131 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
131 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
131 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
131 thats cool shit love this. 
131 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers all. 
132 privnote has never been compromised and jules winnfield confirmed scammer. 
133 com whitepaper dev portobello road. 
134 magic the gathering fuck thats funny. 
135 from nugz march amthe wild ride continues lol. 
135 must glass full kinda optimist something. 
135 can understand because weirdly still gets the most traffic. 
135 dispite all the missing btc and other bullshit they pull. 
135 but would seriously cautious about keeping any coins there even for few hours. 
136 have made several buys and money went very fast. 
136 shrugthere the refresh buttons which makes the money show. 
137 calling law enforcement compliment. 
137 love law enforcement officer. 
137 unfortunately have job history and doubt they would believe when say ive been self employed since age. 
137 addition dont have the demeanour police officer. 
137 and the most important reason cant think good excuse tell them why want cop. 
137 the truth want cop because deals with the intricacies crime without actually being illegal. 
137 youre motivated and engaged criminal fascinated crime what job better then jules winnfield you are fbi agent probably are since you are confirmed scammer will perform fellatio you order hiredregards. 
138 from evilgrin march ami thought said. 
138 but some reputable scource claimed all pgp software was backdoored the nsa. 
138 know snowden said the nsa having great difficulty cracking tor. 
138 cant too careful these days guess. 
138 privnote dont like use. 
139 obviously there seems trolls fbi misinformators here. 
139 hello could you prove that privnote has been compromised could you prove that pgp has fbi backdoors the moment seems least that secret chats telegram seems acceptable but have the feeling that the android ios software hardware can compromised itself doing that last option insecure. 
140 the bitcoins are held escrow and not available for withdrawal. 
140 considered inexpensive lesson learn again after and the sheep show. 
140 even have only policy and they still grabbed the btcs asked them release them then the buyer and did not receive response. 
141 from from march amxsposer very weird vibes the forums tonight almost all the posts replies are pro. 
141 and they are coming from handful nyms. 
141 and then there the murmur the community again bad vibes regarding and hiniguel. 
141 reports scamming being absent. 
141 worshipped some reviled others. 
141 some are now the opinion that just one man behind limitless stexo hiniguel dpr defcon hux etc. 
141 and beginning make sense. 
141 watching the latest theatrics regarding hiniguel its hard not see setup for the next big thing. 
141 nobody buying defcons bullshit anymore hiniguel steps and saves the day. 
141 refunds bunch money people pretends using more nyms all the while denouncing defcon. 
141 says hes leaving but hints that the market might born elsewhere the future. 
141 people nominating him the next leader. 
141 comparing nyms posts. 
141 and while have just begun looks like hiniguel bluegiraffe mdmazing. 
141 and hes talking himself. 
141 consider the following quotes and study them carefully. 
141 pay attention the sentence paragraph structure punctuation etc. 
141 one thing jumps out his use the dash and semicolon. 
141 but represents dash thusly single hyphen with space either side. 
141 not many people employ these marks punctuation their writing they misuse them furthermore there common use the term mate used many these nyms well failure capitalize the letter. 
141 then there the overall content topics threads many sound like they are coming from someone the staff. 
141 take gemma for instance. 
141 perhaps compiling list would order. 
141 compare just the following dpr. 
141 php action profile area showposts defcon. 
141 php action profile area showposts hiniguel. 
141 php action profile area showposts especially the admin roles dpr defcon the similarity obvious. 
141 the numerical lists bold headlines etc. 
141 and cwb jabbatheslut stealth hes goddamned one man band dozens nyms everywhere. 
141 but maybe its all head because dont even see how could possible. 
141 yes perhaps ive gone around the bend and not claiming that any this true but wanted share thoughts and see what you think. 
141 all really just goddamned scam very very interesting. 
141 wish could give you you definately deserve. 
141 weve also noticed the similarities certain major accounts. 
141 and even have screenshots some posts which show obvious correlation writing styles between the main players. 
141 but wanted restrain from adding own speculations this saga not bias any the impartial evidence have posted above. 
141 that being said. 
141 will comment the hiniguel situation just clear things many people have been asking this forum and others and have been kind skeptical answer. 
141 but what can say this much respect hiniguel for his monetary help the community and extent his forum moderation will say that provided helpful information whatsoever regarding this whole investigation. 
141 has obviously been helping the community lot ways and defcon stealth clu have all agreed. 
141 not mention other members personally know have confirmed that hes helped them out. 
141 but every reply did receive not many was extremely vague and absent fact even when presented evidence him and simply asked for his input. 
141 initially put this down his busy schedule because that point had already offered his millions help out the community was geting bombarded with emails pms. 
141 but weeks after the fact have still received nothing significance from him which weird because got personal thankyou from defcon and team for his investigative help again respect hiniguel for his help the community but dispite our best efforts has not contribted this investigation. 
141 where bbmc btva and extent oracle went above and beyond their requirements and were more than professional their cooperation. 
141 oracle providing some very interesting speculation about account sharing similar what suspects above the thought that this whole operation could man show while not that outragous unless ive been too late and have gone round the bend with you lol not consistant with our findings. 
141 seems more likely couple very experienced old school players acting together operating vendors mods admin vocal forum members. 
141 will try and clear the whos who all this some point but whatever outcome arrive will obviosly speculation based evidence course but none the less speculation. 
141 but can state that evident that dpr stexo hux are the same. 
141 more come later. 
141 also pointed out there are more familliar faces. 
141 this clear sign that something isnt right. 
141 when all the original and experienced members clear out and leave nothing but tumbleweed and kiss ass noobs its time leave aswell. 
143 that the most believable all the options surprised that bigger deal hasnt been made. 
144 have small amount pending balance which hasnt been returned but wont register vote here unless able change the event receiving all some the money future. 
145 privnote had been comprimised two years ago this old news. 
145 pgp the only way properly encrypt message between two computers. 
145 dont register your pgp key the dir. 
145 dont let get your hardware duh. 
146 from cooked march amprivnote has never been compromised and jules winnfield confirmed scammerfor you say privnote has never been compromised proves that your cahoots them. 
146 youre helping mislead new users and compromising their safety. 
147 from missjones march amquote from evilgrin march amdidnt snowden say all pgp software was backdoored the nsa saw the news that criminals and terrorists use mmorpg games communicate and carry out illegal transactions with the game money. 
147 they said there are fbi agents whos sole job play these games all day search said criminals. 
147 can one you tech experts check out chatcrypt. 
147 com for they claim not even the site owner cant read your messeges. 
147 sure snowden said pgp one the few things that the nsa has difficulty with. 
147 sure ive seen this few placesyes said pgp one the few things that the nsa has difficulty with. 
147 the creater the program said the only that its not safe osx. 
147 though there are ways fix osx and still utilize semi safely. 
147 there seems lot mis information going here the security thread and scares. 
147 does this purpose catch users. 
148 from evilgrin march amdidnt snowden say all pgp software was backdoored the nsa saw the news that criminals and terrorists use mmorpg games communicate and carry out illegal transactions with the game money. 
148 they said there are fbi agents whos sole job play these games all day search said criminals. 
148 can one you tech experts check out chatcrypt. 
148 com for they claim not even the site owner cant read your messeges. 
148 sure snowden said pgp one the few things that the nsa has difficulty with. 
148 sure ive seen this few places. 
149 only lost small amount. 
149 looking the blockchain was taken from account before christmas and never came back. 
150 with whom will trade magic the gathering cards now mtgox cant get enough that. 
151 here let edit that for you. 
151 from dej kovo march pmstole the money. 
151 has been stealing from since opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks. 
151 new can steal morethere are programmers working the sight now. 
151 thats more like. 
152 from daytrading march pmwith whom will trade magic the gathering cards now mtgox cant get enough thatthis comment read news site says best this web site set allow nerds trade magic the gathering cards with each other. 
152 then somebody with presumably background banking accounting finance decides change into international bank. 
152 hey how hard can run bank based untested currency model implemented untested software add hundreds millions drug money mix well wait few years. 
153 maybe you have detected very few writers have experimented with the myriad possibilities online self expression this case glad people are trying figure out whats been going here. 
153 dont have the brain energy tonight try follow all the above hypothesizing though. 
153 hope find the truth and appreciate your effort. 
154 the wild ride continues lol. 
154 must glass full kinda optimist something. 
155 weird things happen when guy stays too late detective work evidence that. 
156 have created two mailtor accounts. 
156 both accounts created with problem but cannot log into either one always getting wrong password error. 
156 notice that the login page also has link configure thunderbird. 
156 what thunderbird need use mailtor this why cannot log after creating mail accounts thanks advance for any help. 
157 bill march pmi have created two mailtor accounts. 
157 both accounts created with problem but cannot log into either one always getting wrong password error. 
157 notice that the login page also has link configure thunderbird. 
157 what thunderbird need use mailtor this why cannot log after creating mail accounts thanks advance for any help. 
157 thunderbird email application you download and run your computer. 
157 you really want take chance with new unproven mail service tor. 
158 did they just take the bucks hope you both get those back sad news. 
159 from from march amxsposer very weird vibes the forums tonight almost all the posts replies are pro. 
159 and they are coming from handful nyms. 
159 and then there the murmur the community again bad vibes regarding and hiniguel. 
159 reports scamming being absent. 
159 worshipped some reviled others. 
159 some are now the opinion that just one man behind limitless stexo hiniguel dpr defcon hux etc. 
159 and beginning make sense. 
159 watching the latest theatrics regarding hiniguel its hard not see setup for the next big thing. 
159 nobody buying defcons bullshit anymore hiniguel steps and saves the day. 
159 refunds bunch money people pretends using more nyms all the while denouncing defcon. 
159 says hes leaving but hints that the market might born elsewhere the future. 
159 people nominating him the next leader. 
159 comparing nyms posts. 
159 and while have just begun looks like hiniguel bluegiraffe mdmazing. 
159 and hes talking himself. 
159 consider the following quotes and study them carefully. 
159 pay attention the sentence paragraph structure punctuation etc. 
159 one thing jumps out his use the dash and semicolon. 
159 but represents dash thusly single hyphen with space either side. 
159 not many people employ these marks punctuation their writing they misuse them furthermore there common use the term mate used many these nyms well failure capitalize the letter. 
159 then there the overall content topics threads many sound like they are coming from someone the staff. 
159 take gemma for instance. 
159 perhaps compiling list would order. 
159 compare just the following dpr. 
159 php action profile area showposts defcon. 
159 php action profile area showposts hiniguel. 
159 php action profile area showposts especially the admin roles dpr defcon the similarity obvious. 
159 the numerical lists bold headlines etc. 
159 and cwb jabbatheslut stealth hes goddamned one man band dozens nyms everywhere. 
159 but maybe its all head because dont even see how could possible. 
159 yes perhaps ive gone around the bend and not claiming that any this true but wanted share thoughts and see what you think. 
159 all really just goddamned scam very very interesting. 
159 wish could give you you definately deserve. 
159 weve also noticed the similarities certain major accounts. 
159 and even have screenshots some posts which show obvious correlation writing styles between the main players. 
159 but wanted restrain from adding own speculations this saga not bias any the impartial evidence have posted above. 
159 that being said. 
159 will comment the hiniguel situation just clear things many people have been asking this forum and others and have been kind skeptical answer. 
159 but what can say this much respect hiniguel for his monetary help the community and extent his forum moderation will say that provided helpful information whatsoever regarding this whole investigation. 
159 has obviously been helping the community lot ways and defcon stealth clu have all agreed. 
159 not mention other members personally know have confirmed that hes helped them out. 
159 but every reply did receive not many was extremely vague and absent fact even when presented evidence him and simply asked for his input. 
159 initially put this down his busy schedule because that point had already offered his millions help out the community was geting bombarded with emails pms. 
159 but weeks after the fact have still received nothing significance from him which weird because got personal thankyou from defcon and team for his investigative help again respect hiniguel for his help the community but dispite our best efforts has not contribted this investigation. 
159 where bbmc btva and extent oracle went above and beyond their requirements and were more than professional their cooperation. 
159 oracle providing some very interesting speculation about account sharing similar what suspects above the thought that this whole operation could man show while not that outragous unless ive been too late and have gone round the bend with you lol not consistant with our findings. 
159 seems more likely couple very experienced old school players acting together operating vendors mods admin vocal forum members. 
159 will try and clear the whos who all this some point but whatever outcome arrive will obviosly speculation based evidence course but none the less speculation. 
159 but can state that evident that dpr stexo hux are the same. 
159 more come later. 
159 also pointed out there are more familliar faces. 
159 this clear sign that something isnt right. 
159 when all the original and experienced members clear out and leave nothing but tumbleweed and kiss ass noobs its time leave aswell. 
160 from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
160 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
160 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
160 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
160 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
160 thats cool shit love this. 
160 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers all. 
161 from february pmquote from sunwu february amquote from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
161 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
161 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
161 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare sorry derail but where might find you vending others see sunwu has not logged for bit anyone can answer this would think you very kind indeed. 
161 tiahi sir swplease not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
162 defcon stole the money and sold defcon defcon woman she not programmer. 
162 programmer has been stealing from since opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks. 
162 defcon fired programmer locked him out sight when she discovered the thefts. 
162 defcon was pissed his programmer was fired hasnt given defcon the keys promised. 
162 defcon created new key but hasnt used public. 
162 defcon trying find programmers she can trust close the backdoors programmer put the sight. 
162 programmer trying get rehired under new can steal morethere are programmers working the sight now. 
163 have made several buys and money went very fast. 
163 shrugthere the refresh buttons which makes the money show. 
165 with whom will trade magic the gathering cards now mtgox cant get enough that. 
166 magic the gathering fuck thats funny. 
167 privnote has never been compromised and jules winnfield confirmed scammer. 
168 from from february pmhiniguel leaving silk road and while has been vague seems obvious that defcon scammer and that the site doomed. 
168 from hiniguels thread gathered believes defcon lied but not scammer from hiniguel. 
168 php topic the leader liar. 
168 has good intentions heart but has proven you willing lie time and time again obtain your trust. 
168 this not the was proud part. 
169 have small amount pending balance which hasnt been returned but wont register vote here unless able change the event receiving all some the money future. 
170 tein tuonne omalle alueelle langan verifioiduille silkkitien. 
170 ivitetty linkki hubin uutta osoitetta. 
171 from evilgrin march amdidnt snowden say all pgp software was backdoored the nsa saw the news that criminals and terrorists use mmorpg games communicate and carry out illegal transactions with the game money. 
171 they said there are fbi agents whos sole job play these games all day search said criminals. 
171 can one you tech experts check out chatcrypt. 
171 com for they claim not even the site owner cant read your messeges. 
171 sure snowden said pgp one the few things that the nsa has difficulty with. 
171 sure ive seen this few places. 
172 from missjones march amquote from evilgrin march amdidnt snowden say all pgp software was backdoored the nsa saw the news that criminals and terrorists use mmorpg games communicate and carry out illegal transactions with the game money. 
172 they said there are fbi agents whos sole job play these games all day search said criminals. 
172 can one you tech experts check out chatcrypt. 
172 com for they claim not even the site owner cant read your messeges. 
172 sure snowden said pgp one the few things that the nsa has difficulty with. 
172 sure ive seen this few placesyes said pgp one the few things that the nsa has difficulty with. 
172 the creater the program said the only that its not safe osx. 
172 though there are ways fix osx and still utilize semi safely. 
172 there seems lot mis information going here the security thread and scares. 
172 does this purpose catch users. 
173 from cooked march amprivnote has never been compromised and jules winnfield confirmed scammerfor you say privnote has never been compromised proves that your cahoots them. 
173 youre helping mislead new users and compromising their safety. 
174 privnote had been comprimised two years ago this old news. 
174 pgp the only way properly encrypt message between two computers. 
174 dont register your pgp key the dir. 
174 dont let get your hardware duh. 
175 from evilgrin march ami thought said. 
175 but some reputable scource claimed all pgp software was backdoored the nsa. 
175 know snowden said the nsa having great difficulty cracking tor. 
175 cant too careful these days guess. 
175 privnote dont like use. 
176 calling law enforcement compliment. 
176 love law enforcement officer. 
176 unfortunately have job history and doubt they would believe when say ive been self employed since age. 
176 addition dont have the demeanour police officer. 
176 and the most important reason cant think good excuse tell them why want cop. 
176 the truth want cop because deals with the intricacies crime without actually being illegal. 
176 youre motivated and engaged criminal fascinated crime what job better then jules winnfield you are fbi agent probably are since you are confirmed scammer will perform fellatio you order hiredregards. 
177 obviously there seems trolls fbi misinformators here. 
177 hello could you prove that privnote has been compromised could you prove that pgp has fbi backdoors the moment seems least that secret chats telegram seems acceptable but have the feeling that the android ios software hardware can compromised itself doing that last option insecure. 
178 from ronin february pmquote from ueoc february pmwhy everybody making this complicated make sure you guys visit these clearnet site before continuing. 
178 they have free open sourced software that facilitates multi signature transaction. 
178 comalso theres great article deepdotweb with mini tutorial how its done. 
178 com bitrated bitcoin arbitration marketplace like the coinb. 
178 way allows for more flexibility. 
178 the first thing must all agree the correct terminology. 
178 multi signature transaction outlined bitcoin improvement protocol not escrow. 
178 when using multi sig point does anybody have the ability run off with the funds. 
178 multi sig more like lock that takes predetermined number keys unlock and have access the funds. 
178 most cases this done using multi sig transaction. 
178 its really very simple and anyone should able figure out. 
178 javascript required too much effort verify the script each and everytime you use. 
178 well yea but the application designed for you use locally your own machine. 
178 right click save page etc. 
178 you also imply that javascript bad but recommend using electrum bitcoind too much effort like saying its too much effort use pgp its never too much effort verify your funds but were glad you didnt imply that there arent free open sourced solutions available. 
179 further investigation has revealed that this fact the hackers wallet likely the former dev pritel know that has the money did the heist made. 
179 gox loose million usd you want know how did this read the following fits well you mentioned oracle whats with his post where stated that has found out who did and how was able mods please not delete this don give fuck about anti policies and worked very hard paid out pocket and have open myself exposure put this thieving fuck blasteveryone else and take screen shot immediately incase this gets taken down censored real name censored czech republic hey censored hows feel reading this panicky won ask you enter dialogue censored but going insist you contact defcon one the moderators and arrange pay back the money. 
179 ask them for address and magic the funds show you probably live out the rest your life relatively healthy. 
179 there people who money you taken who will probably make you wish you were hell. 
179 understood censored fuck you and your ratfuck thievery. 
179 going keep this short. 
179 stexo had given laundering advice some czechs during who were also shopping around code they claimed have breached obtained from gox and btc. 
179 don know they legitimate devs just malicious fucks and irrelevant this point. 
179 initial back end and engine was coded one these guys contract censored. 
179 libby had thought would useful farm out some the initial development one the czech devs and asked fucking stexo make introduction. 
179 lib introduced censored defcon october and did whatever initial development was paid for. 
179 before the site went live his contract was and defcon and party took control the admin stuff. 
179 most likely this the reason for the initial spotty site access the initial days def just didn understand lot the code and kept fucking around with. 
179 very reliable source has confirmed unequivocally that censored censored has been bragging that hit bitstamp and gox with ddos flooded them with mutated transactions and even made fortune. 
179 czech former contractor used the transaction malleability media hoopla which can not used steal coins cloak break and steal. 
179 his initial development work probably worked advantage kept clone the security methods don know but censored now thousands btc richer then was week ago. 
179 libertas should not have recommended this piece shit solely because they were previous clients stexo. 
179 and stexo not authority developers computer security just because once advised him and his merry band czech bottom feeders how launder their btc. 
179 all this initial incompetence brings hack heist millions dollars. 
179 fucking believable and fucking acceptable. 
179 tried best present much facts could obtain and believe have spent own time energy and funds getting this information and putting the pieces together. 
179 this post deleted will repost from different accounts every hour every day nauseum. 
179 how you feel buddy didn expect this huh anybody prague around this area. 
179 can advise you what but. 
179 use your imagination. 
179 oracle they said that only the admins have access the escrow wallet only they couldve done. 
179 but their behaviour after that theft doesnt fit scammers one. 
179 they wouldve vanished would abandoned and they wouldve taken all funds from every wallet connected. 
179 and payback plan the last thing thief does. 
179 but they didnt fit suspects who does and how did get access the system they needed coder for security features and hired this czech someone who has atleast slightly criminal mind otherwise wouldnt coding anything for drug marketplace. 
179 coded what was asked for certainly has the source code from part srs security features couldve coded backdoor atleast some attackable code. 
179 with the source code knowledge about possible weak spots the security system and the mutant transaction method was able get access the funds the escrow wallet. 
179 used the mutant transaction bug the bitcoin protocol attack. 
179 choosed the far biggest and less used wallet. 
179 gox the coldest wallet. 
179 this bug inside the bitcoin protocol made possible double spend bitcoins. 
179 you cant course doubel spend something that exists just once. 
179 gox raised shortage million usd over time. 
179 was able create high damage. 
179 gox but was not able steal from them. 
179 cant verify oracles statements but they link all those similar attacks even explained where the money went how did etc. 
179 aslong there better explanation with this. 
179 the czech did. 
180 from february pmquote from sunwu february amquote from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
180 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
180 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
180 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare sorry derail but where might find you vending others see sunwu has not logged for bit anyone can answer this would think you very kind indeed. 
180 tiahi sir swplease not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
181 defcon stole the money and sold defcon defcon woman she not programmer. 
181 programmer has been stealing from since opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks. 
181 defcon fired programmer locked him out sight when she discovered the thefts. 
181 defcon was pissed his programmer was fired hasnt given defcon the keys promised. 
181 defcon created new key but hasnt used public. 
181 defcon trying find programmers she can trust close the backdoors programmer put the sight. 
181 programmer trying get rehired under new can steal morethere are programmers working the sight now. 
182 from ktvstudio march amcan anyone explain what happen before the. 
182 million usd heist your speaking from december what happend back then took break after the seizure and returned few days ago. 
182 you look the btc transfer dates the stolen wallet above you can see that hack scam actually started mid december. 
182 steady stream btc were being systematically transferred from the suspect wallet above every few hours every day. 
182 the hack scam was going for long time before defcon figured out decided announced being the incompetent thief that from honeyray march amthat the most believable all the options surprised that bigger deal hasnt been made. 
182 now pretty conclusive that aka pritel was largely involved this but are unsure acted alone. 
182 but have posted all the evidence have including all the data provided the bbmc and btva along with oracles dox pritel this thread here. 
182 must say that all the evidence seen together with oracles dox paints pretty compelling picture. 
182 and doesnt look good for pritel. 
182 although think stexo and dpr might have played bigger role this than previously suspected. 
182 will try update both threads equally future. 
183 thanks for this one. 
184 didnt snowden say all pgp software was backdoored the nsa saw the news that criminals and terrorists use mmorpg games communicate and carry out illegal transactions with the game money. 
184 they said there are fbi agents whos sole job play these games all day search said criminals. 
184 can one you tech experts check out chatcrypt. 
184 com for they claim not even the site owner cant read your messeges. 
185 but some reputable scource claimed all pgp software was backdoored the nsa. 
185 know snowden said the nsa having great difficulty cracking tor. 
186 magic the gathering fuck thats funny. 
187 bill march pmi have created two mailtor accounts. 
187 both accounts created with problem but cannot log into either one always getting wrong password error. 
187 notice that the login page also has link configure thunderbird. 
187 what thunderbird need use mailtor this why cannot log after creating mail accounts thanks advance for any help. 
187 thunderbird email application you download and run your computer. 
187 you really want take chance with new unproven mail service tor. 
188 have created two mailtor accounts. 
188 both accounts created with problem but cannot log into either one always getting wrong password error. 
188 notice that the login page also has link configure thunderbird. 
188 what thunderbird need use mailtor this why cannot log after creating mail accounts thanks advance for any help. 
189 perfect vendor thread. 
190 can anyone explain what happen before the. 
190 million usd heist your speaking from december what happend back then took break after the seizure and returned few days ago. 
191 from daytrading march ammagic the gathering fuck thats they never even changed the name the sitemagic the gathering online exchange. 
192 thanks for this one. 
193 have small amount pending balance which hasnt been returned but wont register vote here unless able change the event receiving all some the money future. 
194 defcon stole the money and sold defcon defcon woman she not programmer. 
194 programmer has been stealing from since opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks. 
194 defcon fired programmer locked him out sight when she discovered the thefts. 
194 defcon was pissed his programmer was fired hasnt given defcon the keys promised. 
194 defcon created new key but hasnt used public. 
194 defcon trying find programmers she can trust close the backdoors programmer put the sight. 
194 programmer trying get rehired under new can steal morethere are programmers working the sight now. 
195 tein tuonne omalle alueelle langan verifioiduille silkkitien. 
195 ivitetty linkki hubin uutta osoitetta. 
197 with whom will trade magic the gathering cards now mtgox cant get enough that. 
198 below the link tripsit wikis drug combo chart. 
198 lot you have probably seen this but just case here again updated. 
198 wiki drug combinations. 
199 that the most believable all the options surprised that bigger deal hasnt been made. 
200 did they just take the bucks hope you both get those back sad news. 
201 from ktvstudio march amcan anyone explain what happen before the. 
201 million usd heist your speaking from december what happend back then took break after the seizure and returned few days ago. 
201 you look the btc transfer dates the stolen wallet above you can see that hack scam actually started mid december. 
201 steady stream btc were being systematically transferred from the suspect wallet above every few hours every day. 
201 the hack scam was going for long time before defcon figured out decided announced being the incompetent thief that from honeyray march amthat the most believable all the options surprised that bigger deal hasnt been made. 
201 now pretty conclusive that aka pritel was largely involved this but are unsure acted alone. 
201 but have posted all the evidence have including all the data provided the bbmc and btva along with oracles dox pritel this thread here. 
201 must say that all the evidence seen together with oracles dox paints pretty compelling picture. 
201 and doesnt look good for pritel. 
201 although think stexo and dpr might have played bigger role this than previously suspected. 
201 will try update both threads equally future. 
202 can anyone explain what happen before the. 
202 million usd heist your speaking from december what happend back then took break after the seizure and returned few days ago. 
203 further investigation has revealed that this fact the hackers wallet likely the former dev pritel know that has the money did the heist made. 
203 gox loose million usd you want know how did this read the following fits well you mentioned oracle whats with his post where stated that has found out who did and how was able mods please not delete this don give fuck about anti policies and worked very hard paid out pocket and have open myself exposure put this thieving fuck blasteveryone else and take screen shot immediately incase this gets taken down censored real name censored czech republic hey censored hows feel reading this panicky won ask you enter dialogue censored but going insist you contact defcon one the moderators and arrange pay back the money. 
203 ask them for address and magic the funds show you probably live out the rest your life relatively healthy. 
203 there people who money you taken who will probably make you wish you were hell. 
203 understood censored fuck you and your ratfuck thievery. 
203 going keep this short. 
203 stexo had given laundering advice some czechs during who were also shopping around code they claimed have breached obtained from gox and btc. 
203 don know they legitimate devs just malicious fucks and irrelevant this point. 
203 initial back end and engine was coded one these guys contract censored. 
203 libby had thought would useful farm out some the initial development one the czech devs and asked fucking stexo make introduction. 
203 lib introduced censored defcon october and did whatever initial development was paid for. 
203 before the site went live his contract was and defcon and party took control the admin stuff. 
203 most likely this the reason for the initial spotty site access the initial days def just didn understand lot the code and kept fucking around with. 
203 very reliable source has confirmed unequivocally that censored censored has been bragging that hit bitstamp and gox with ddos flooded them with mutated transactions and even made fortune. 
203 czech former contractor used the transaction malleability media hoopla which can not used steal coins cloak break and steal. 
203 his initial development work probably worked advantage kept clone the security methods don know but censored now thousands btc richer then was week ago. 
203 libertas should not have recommended this piece shit solely because they were previous clients stexo. 
203 and stexo not authority developers computer security just because once advised him and his merry band czech bottom feeders how launder their btc. 
203 all this initial incompetence brings hack heist millions dollars. 
203 fucking believable and fucking acceptable. 
203 tried best present much facts could obtain and believe have spent own time energy and funds getting this information and putting the pieces together. 
203 this post deleted will repost from different accounts every hour every day nauseum. 
203 how you feel buddy didn expect this huh anybody prague around this area. 
203 can advise you what but. 
203 use your imagination. 
203 oracle they said that only the admins have access the escrow wallet only they couldve done. 
203 but their behaviour after that theft doesnt fit scammers one. 
203 they wouldve vanished would abandoned and they wouldve taken all funds from every wallet connected. 
203 and payback plan the last thing thief does. 
203 but they didnt fit suspects who does and how did get access the system they needed coder for security features and hired this czech someone who has atleast slightly criminal mind otherwise wouldnt coding anything for drug marketplace. 
203 coded what was asked for certainly has the source code from part srs security features couldve coded backdoor atleast some attackable code. 
203 with the source code knowledge about possible weak spots the security system and the mutant transaction method was able get access the funds the escrow wallet. 
203 used the mutant transaction bug the bitcoin protocol attack. 
203 choosed the far biggest and less used wallet. 
203 gox the coldest wallet. 
203 this bug inside the bitcoin protocol made possible double spend bitcoins. 
203 you cant course doubel spend something that exists just once. 
203 gox raised shortage million usd over time. 
203 was able create high damage. 
203 gox but was not able steal from them. 
203 cant verify oracles statements but they link all those similar attacks even explained where the money went how did etc. 
203 aslong there better explanation with this. 
203 the czech did. 
204 from february pmquote from sunwu february amquote from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
204 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
204 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
204 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare sorry derail but where might find you vending others see sunwu has not logged for bit anyone can answer this would think you very kind indeed. 
204 tiahi sir swplease not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
205 thanks for this one. 
206 yeah that prague dude. 
207 further investigation has revealed that this fact the hackers wallet likely the former dev pritel know that has the money did the heist made. 
207 gox loose million usd you want know how did this read the following fits well you mentioned oracle whats with his post where stated that has found out who did and how was able mods please not delete this don give fuck about anti policies and worked very hard paid out pocket and have open myself exposure put this thieving fuck blasteveryone else and take screen shot immediately incase this gets taken down censored real name censored czech republic hey censored hows feel reading this panicky won ask you enter dialogue censored but going insist you contact defcon one the moderators and arrange pay back the money. 
207 ask them for address and magic the funds show you probably live out the rest your life relatively healthy. 
207 there people who money you taken who will probably make you wish you were hell. 
207 understood censored fuck you and your ratfuck thievery. 
207 going keep this short. 
207 stexo had given laundering advice some czechs during who were also shopping around code they claimed have breached obtained from gox and btc. 
207 don know they legitimate devs just malicious fucks and irrelevant this point. 
207 initial back end and engine was coded one these guys contract censored. 
207 libby had thought would useful farm out some the initial development one the czech devs and asked fucking stexo make introduction. 
207 lib introduced censored defcon october and did whatever initial development was paid for. 
207 before the site went live his contract was and defcon and party took control the admin stuff. 
207 most likely this the reason for the initial spotty site access the initial days def just didn understand lot the code and kept fucking around with. 
207 very reliable source has confirmed unequivocally that censored censored has been bragging that hit bitstamp and gox with ddos flooded them with mutated transactions and even made fortune. 
207 czech former contractor used the transaction malleability media hoopla which can not used steal coins cloak break and steal. 
207 his initial development work probably worked advantage kept clone the security methods don know but censored now thousands btc richer then was week ago. 
207 libertas should not have recommended this piece shit solely because they were previous clients stexo. 
207 and stexo not authority developers computer security just because once advised him and his merry band czech bottom feeders how launder their btc. 
207 all this initial incompetence brings hack heist millions dollars. 
207 fucking believable and fucking acceptable. 
207 tried best present much facts could obtain and believe have spent own time energy and funds getting this information and putting the pieces together. 
207 this post deleted will repost from different accounts every hour every day nauseum. 
207 how you feel buddy didn expect this huh anybody prague around this area. 
207 can advise you what but. 
207 use your imagination. 
207 oracle they said that only the admins have access the escrow wallet only they couldve done. 
207 but their behaviour after that theft doesnt fit scammers one. 
207 they wouldve vanished would abandoned and they wouldve taken all funds from every wallet connected. 
207 and payback plan the last thing thief does. 
207 but they didnt fit suspects who does and how did get access the system they needed coder for security features and hired this czech someone who has atleast slightly criminal mind otherwise wouldnt coding anything for drug marketplace. 
207 coded what was asked for certainly has the source code from part srs security features couldve coded backdoor atleast some attackable code. 
207 with the source code knowledge about possible weak spots the security system and the mutant transaction method was able get access the funds the escrow wallet. 
207 used the mutant transaction bug the bitcoin protocol attack. 
207 choosed the far biggest and less used wallet. 
207 gox the coldest wallet. 
207 this bug inside the bitcoin protocol made possible double spend bitcoins. 
207 you cant course doubel spend something that exists just once. 
207 gox raised shortage million usd over time. 
207 was able create high damage. 
207 gox but was not able steal from them. 
207 cant verify oracles statements but they link all those similar attacks even explained where the money went how did etc. 
207 aslong there better explanation with this. 
207 the czech did. 
208 can anyone explain what happen before the. 
208 million usd heist your speaking from december what happend back then took break after the seizure and returned few days ago. 
209 from february pmquote from sunwu february amquote from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
209 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
209 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
209 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare sorry derail but where might find you vending others see sunwu has not logged for bit anyone can answer this would think you very kind indeed. 
209 tiahi sir swplease not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
210 defcon stole the money and sold defcon defcon woman she not programmer. 
210 programmer has been stealing from since opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks. 
210 defcon fired programmer locked him out sight when she discovered the thefts. 
210 defcon was pissed his programmer was fired hasnt given defcon the keys promised. 
210 defcon created new key but hasnt used public. 
210 defcon trying find programmers she can trust close the backdoors programmer put the sight. 
210 programmer trying get rehired under new can steal morethere are programmers working the sight now. 
211 from from february pmhiniguel leaving silk road and while has been vague seems obvious that defcon scammer and that the site doomed. 
211 from hiniguels thread gathered believes defcon lied but not scammer from hiniguel. 
211 php topic the leader liar. 
211 has good intentions heart but has proven you willing lie time and time again obtain your trust. 
211 this not the was proud part. 
212 tein tuonne omalle alueelle langan verifioiduille silkkitien. 
212 ivitetty linkki hubin uutta osoitetta. 
213 from ktvstudio march amcan anyone explain what happen before the. 
213 million usd heist your speaking from december what happend back then took break after the seizure and returned few days ago. 
213 you look the btc transfer dates the stolen wallet above you can see that hack scam actually started mid december. 
213 steady stream btc were being systematically transferred from the suspect wallet above every few hours every day. 
213 the hack scam was going for long time before defcon figured out decided announced being the incompetent thief that from honeyray march amthat the most believable all the options surprised that bigger deal hasnt been made. 
213 now pretty conclusive that aka pritel was largely involved this but are unsure acted alone. 
213 but have posted all the evidence have including all the data provided the bbmc and btva along with oracles dox pritel this thread here. 
213 must say that all the evidence seen together with oracles dox paints pretty compelling picture. 
213 and doesnt look good for pritel. 
213 although think stexo and dpr might have played bigger role this than previously suspected. 
213 will try update both threads equally future. 
214 didnt snowden say all pgp software was backdoored the nsa saw the news that criminals and terrorists use mmorpg games communicate and carry out illegal transactions with the game money. 
214 they said there are fbi agents whos sole job play these games all day search said criminals. 
214 can one you tech experts check out chatcrypt. 
214 com for they claim not even the site owner cant read your messeges. 
215 but some reputable scource claimed all pgp software was backdoored the nsa. 
215 know snowden said the nsa having great difficulty cracking tor. 
216 from daytrading march ammagic the gathering fuck thats they never even changed the name the sitemagic the gathering online exchange. 
217 from ronin february pmquote from ueoc february pmwhy everybody making this complicated make sure you guys visit these clearnet site before continuing. 
217 they have free open sourced software that facilitates multi signature transaction. 
217 comalso theres great article deepdotweb with mini tutorial how its done. 
217 com bitrated bitcoin arbitration marketplace like the coinb. 
217 way allows for more flexibility. 
217 the first thing must all agree the correct terminology. 
217 multi signature transaction outlined bitcoin improvement protocol not escrow. 
217 when using multi sig point does anybody have the ability run off with the funds. 
217 multi sig more like lock that takes predetermined number keys unlock and have access the funds. 
217 most cases this done using multi sig transaction. 
217 its really very simple and anyone should able figure out. 
217 javascript required too much effort verify the script each and everytime you use. 
217 well yea but the application designed for you use locally your own machine. 
217 right click save page etc. 
217 you also imply that javascript bad but recommend using electrum bitcoind too much effort like saying its too much effort use pgp its never too much effort verify your funds but were glad you didnt imply that there arent free open sourced solutions available. 
218 only lost small amount. 
218 looking the blockchain was taken from account before christmas and never came back. 
219 maybe you have detected very few writers have experimented with the myriad possibilities online self expression this case glad people are trying figure out whats been going here. 
219 dont have the brain energy tonight try follow all the above hypothesizing though. 
219 hope find the truth and appreciate your effort. 
220 the wild ride continues lol. 
220 must glass full kinda optimist something. 
221 weird things happen when guy stays too late detective work evidence that. 
222 here let edit that for you. 
222 from dej kovo march pmstole the money. 
222 has been stealing from since opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks. 
222 new can steal morethere are programmers working the sight now. 
222 thats more like. 
223 the bitcoins are held escrow and not available for withdrawal. 
223 considered inexpensive lesson learn again after and the sheep show. 
223 even have only policy and they still grabbed the btcs asked them release them then the buyer and did not receive response. 
224 from daytrading march pmwith whom will trade magic the gathering cards now mtgox cant get enough thatthis comment read news site says best this web site set allow nerds trade magic the gathering cards with each other. 
224 then somebody with presumably background banking accounting finance decides change into international bank. 
224 hey how hard can run bank based untested currency model implemented untested software add hundreds millions drug money mix well wait few years. 
225 from from march amxsposer very weird vibes the forums tonight almost all the posts replies are pro. 
225 and they are coming from handful nyms. 
225 and then there the murmur the community again bad vibes regarding and hiniguel. 
225 reports scamming being absent. 
225 worshipped some reviled others. 
225 some are now the opinion that just one man behind limitless stexo hiniguel dpr defcon hux etc. 
225 and beginning make sense. 
225 watching the latest theatrics regarding hiniguel its hard not see setup for the next big thing. 
225 nobody buying defcons bullshit anymore hiniguel steps and saves the day. 
225 refunds bunch money people pretends using more nyms all the while denouncing defcon. 
225 says hes leaving but hints that the market might born elsewhere the future. 
225 people nominating him the next leader. 
225 comparing nyms posts. 
225 and while have just begun looks like hiniguel bluegiraffe mdmazing. 
225 and hes talking himself. 
225 consider the following quotes and study them carefully. 
225 pay attention the sentence paragraph structure punctuation etc. 
225 one thing jumps out his use the dash and semicolon. 
225 but represents dash thusly single hyphen with space either side. 
225 not many people employ these marks punctuation their writing they misuse them furthermore there common use the term mate used many these nyms well failure capitalize the letter. 
225 then there the overall content topics threads many sound like they are coming from someone the staff. 
225 take gemma for instance. 
225 perhaps compiling list would order. 
225 compare just the following dpr. 
225 php action profile area showposts defcon. 
225 php action profile area showposts hiniguel. 
225 php action profile area showposts especially the admin roles dpr defcon the similarity obvious. 
225 the numerical lists bold headlines etc. 
225 and cwb jabbatheslut stealth hes goddamned one man band dozens nyms everywhere. 
225 but maybe its all head because dont even see how could possible. 
225 yes perhaps ive gone around the bend and not claiming that any this true but wanted share thoughts and see what you think. 
225 all really just goddamned scam very very interesting. 
225 wish could give you you definately deserve. 
225 weve also noticed the similarities certain major accounts. 
225 and even have screenshots some posts which show obvious correlation writing styles between the main players. 
225 but wanted restrain from adding own speculations this saga not bias any the impartial evidence have posted above. 
225 that being said. 
225 will comment the hiniguel situation just clear things many people have been asking this forum and others and have been kind skeptical answer. 
225 but what can say this much respect hiniguel for his monetary help the community and extent his forum moderation will say that provided helpful information whatsoever regarding this whole investigation. 
225 has obviously been helping the community lot ways and defcon stealth clu have all agreed. 
225 not mention other members personally know have confirmed that hes helped them out. 
225 but every reply did receive not many was extremely vague and absent fact even when presented evidence him and simply asked for his input. 
225 initially put this down his busy schedule because that point had already offered his millions help out the community was geting bombarded with emails pms. 
225 but weeks after the fact have still received nothing significance from him which weird because got personal thankyou from defcon and team for his investigative help again respect hiniguel for his help the community but dispite our best efforts has not contribted this investigation. 
225 where bbmc btva and extent oracle went above and beyond their requirements and were more than professional their cooperation. 
225 oracle providing some very interesting speculation about account sharing similar what suspects above the thought that this whole operation could man show while not that outragous unless ive been too late and have gone round the bend with you lol not consistant with our findings. 
225 seems more likely couple very experienced old school players acting together operating vendors mods admin vocal forum members. 
225 will try and clear the whos who all this some point but whatever outcome arrive will obviosly speculation based evidence course but none the less speculation. 
225 but can state that evident that dpr stexo hux are the same. 
225 more come later. 
225 also pointed out there are more familliar faces. 
225 this clear sign that something isnt right. 
225 when all the original and experienced members clear out and leave nothing but tumbleweed and kiss ass noobs its time leave aswell. 
226 have made several buys and money went very fast. 
226 shrugthere the refresh buttons which makes the money show. 
227 did they just take the bucks hope you both get those back sad news. 
228 from nugz march amthe wild ride continues lol. 
228 must glass full kinda optimist something. 
228 can understand because weirdly still gets the most traffic. 
228 dispite all the missing btc and other bullshit they pull. 
228 but would seriously cautious about keeping any coins there even for few hours. 
229 perfect vendor thread. 
230 below the link tripsit wikis drug combo chart. 
230 lot you have probably seen this but just case here again updated. 
230 wiki drug combinations. 
231 from from march amxsposer very weird vibes the forums tonight almost all the posts replies are pro. 
231 and they are coming from handful nyms. 
231 and then there the murmur the community again bad vibes regarding and hiniguel. 
231 reports scamming being absent. 
231 worshipped some reviled others. 
231 some are now the opinion that just one man behind limitless stexo hiniguel dpr defcon hux etc. 
231 and beginning make sense. 
231 watching the latest theatrics regarding hiniguel its hard not see setup for the next big thing. 
231 nobody buying defcons bullshit anymore hiniguel steps and saves the day. 
231 refunds bunch money people pretends using more nyms all the while denouncing defcon. 
231 says hes leaving but hints that the market might born elsewhere the future. 
231 people nominating him the next leader. 
231 comparing nyms posts. 
231 and while have just begun looks like hiniguel bluegiraffe mdmazing. 
231 and hes talking himself. 
231 consider the following quotes and study them carefully. 
231 pay attention the sentence paragraph structure punctuation etc. 
231 one thing jumps out his use the dash and semicolon. 
231 but represents dash thusly single hyphen with space either side. 
231 not many people employ these marks punctuation their writing they misuse them furthermore there common use the term mate used many these nyms well failure capitalize the letter. 
231 then there the overall content topics threads many sound like they are coming from someone the staff. 
231 take gemma for instance. 
231 perhaps compiling list would order. 
231 compare just the following dpr. 
231 php action profile area showposts defcon. 
231 php action profile area showposts hiniguel. 
231 php action profile area showposts especially the admin roles dpr defcon the similarity obvious. 
231 the numerical lists bold headlines etc. 
231 and cwb jabbatheslut stealth hes goddamned one man band dozens nyms everywhere. 
231 but maybe its all head because dont even see how could possible. 
231 yes perhaps ive gone around the bend and not claiming that any this true but wanted share thoughts and see what you think. 
231 all really just goddamned scam very very interesting. 
231 wish could give you you definately deserve. 
231 weve also noticed the similarities certain major accounts. 
231 and even have screenshots some posts which show obvious correlation writing styles between the main players. 
231 but wanted restrain from adding own speculations this saga not bias any the impartial evidence have posted above. 
231 that being said. 
231 will comment the hiniguel situation just clear things many people have been asking this forum and others and have been kind skeptical answer. 
231 but what can say this much respect hiniguel for his monetary help the community and extent his forum moderation will say that provided helpful information whatsoever regarding this whole investigation. 
231 has obviously been helping the community lot ways and defcon stealth clu have all agreed. 
231 not mention other members personally know have confirmed that hes helped them out. 
231 but every reply did receive not many was extremely vague and absent fact even when presented evidence him and simply asked for his input. 
231 initially put this down his busy schedule because that point had already offered his millions help out the community was geting bombarded with emails pms. 
231 but weeks after the fact have still received nothing significance from him which weird because got personal thankyou from defcon and team for his investigative help again respect hiniguel for his help the community but dispite our best efforts has not contribted this investigation. 
231 where bbmc btva and extent oracle went above and beyond their requirements and were more than professional their cooperation. 
231 oracle providing some very interesting speculation about account sharing similar what suspects above the thought that this whole operation could man show while not that outragous unless ive been too late and have gone round the bend with you lol not consistant with our findings. 
231 seems more likely couple very experienced old school players acting together operating vendors mods admin vocal forum members. 
231 will try and clear the whos who all this some point but whatever outcome arrive will obviosly speculation based evidence course but none the less speculation. 
231 but can state that evident that dpr stexo hux are the same. 
231 more come later. 
231 also pointed out there are more familliar faces. 
231 this clear sign that something isnt right. 
231 when all the original and experienced members clear out and leave nothing but tumbleweed and kiss ass noobs its time leave aswell. 
232 privnote has never been compromised and jules winnfield confirmed scammer. 
233 from evilgrin march ami thought said. 
233 but some reputable scource claimed all pgp software was backdoored the nsa. 
233 know snowden said the nsa having great difficulty cracking tor. 
233 cant too careful these days guess. 
233 privnote dont like use. 
234 calling law enforcement compliment. 
234 love law enforcement officer. 
234 unfortunately have job history and doubt they would believe when say ive been self employed since age. 
234 addition dont have the demeanour police officer. 
234 and the most important reason cant think good excuse tell them why want cop. 
234 the truth want cop because deals with the intricacies crime without actually being illegal. 
234 youre motivated and engaged criminal fascinated crime what job better then jules winnfield you are fbi agent probably are since you are confirmed scammer will perform fellatio you order hiredregards. 
235 obviously there seems trolls fbi misinformators here. 
235 hello could you prove that privnote has been compromised could you prove that pgp has fbi backdoors the moment seems least that secret chats telegram seems acceptable but have the feeling that the android ios software hardware can compromised itself doing that last option insecure. 
236 from ronin february pmquote from ueoc february pmwhy everybody making this complicated make sure you guys visit these clearnet site before continuing. 
236 they have free open sourced software that facilitates multi signature transaction. 
236 comalso theres great article deepdotweb with mini tutorial how its done. 
236 com bitrated bitcoin arbitration marketplace like the coinb. 
236 way allows for more flexibility. 
236 the first thing must all agree the correct terminology. 
236 multi signature transaction outlined bitcoin improvement protocol not escrow. 
236 when using multi sig point does anybody have the ability run off with the funds. 
236 multi sig more like lock that takes predetermined number keys unlock and have access the funds. 
236 most cases this done using multi sig transaction. 
236 its really very simple and anyone should able figure out. 
236 javascript required too much effort verify the script each and everytime you use. 
236 well yea but the application designed for you use locally your own machine. 
236 right click save page etc. 
236 you also imply that javascript bad but recommend using electrum bitcoind too much effort like saying its too much effort use pgp its never too much effort verify your funds but were glad you didnt imply that there arent free open sourced solutions available. 
237 from from february pmhiniguel leaving silk road and while has been vague seems obvious that defcon scammer and that the site doomed. 
237 from hiniguels thread gathered believes defcon lied but not scammer from hiniguel. 
237 php topic the leader liar. 
237 has good intentions heart but has proven you willing lie time and time again obtain your trust. 
237 this not the was proud part. 
238 from evilgrin march amdidnt snowden say all pgp software was backdoored the nsa saw the news that criminals and terrorists use mmorpg games communicate and carry out illegal transactions with the game money. 
238 they said there are fbi agents whos sole job play these games all day search said criminals. 
238 can one you tech experts check out chatcrypt. 
238 com for they claim not even the site owner cant read your messeges. 
238 sure snowden said pgp one the few things that the nsa has difficulty with. 
238 sure ive seen this few places. 
239 from missjones march amquote from evilgrin march amdidnt snowden say all pgp software was backdoored the nsa saw the news that criminals and terrorists use mmorpg games communicate and carry out illegal transactions with the game money. 
239 they said there are fbi agents whos sole job play these games all day search said criminals. 
239 can one you tech experts check out chatcrypt. 
239 com for they claim not even the site owner cant read your messeges. 
239 sure snowden said pgp one the few things that the nsa has difficulty with. 
239 sure ive seen this few placesyes said pgp one the few things that the nsa has difficulty with. 
239 the creater the program said the only that its not safe osx. 
239 though there are ways fix osx and still utilize semi safely. 
239 there seems lot mis information going here the security thread and scares. 
239 does this purpose catch users. 
240 from cooked march amprivnote has never been compromised and jules winnfield confirmed scammerfor you say privnote has never been compromised proves that your cahoots them. 
240 youre helping mislead new users and compromising their safety. 
241 privnote had been comprimised two years ago this old news. 
241 pgp the only way properly encrypt message between two computers. 
241 dont register your pgp key the dir. 
241 dont let get your hardware duh. 
242 from evilgrin march ami thought said. 
242 but some reputable scource claimed all pgp software was backdoored the nsa. 
242 know snowden said the nsa having great difficulty cracking tor. 
242 cant too careful these days guess. 
242 privnote dont like use. 
243 calling law enforcement compliment. 
243 love law enforcement officer. 
243 unfortunately have job history and doubt they would believe when say ive been self employed since age. 
243 addition dont have the demeanour police officer. 
243 and the most important reason cant think good excuse tell them why want cop. 
243 the truth want cop because deals with the intricacies crime without actually being illegal. 
243 youre motivated and engaged criminal fascinated crime what job better then jules winnfield you are fbi agent probably are since you are confirmed scammer will perform fellatio you order hiredregards. 
244 obviously there seems trolls fbi misinformators here. 
244 hello could you prove that privnote has been compromised could you prove that pgp has fbi backdoors the moment seems least that secret chats telegram seems acceptable but have the feeling that the android ios software hardware can compromised itself doing that last option insecure. 
245 from ronin february pmquote from ueoc february pmwhy everybody making this complicated make sure you guys visit these clearnet site before continuing. 
245 they have free open sourced software that facilitates multi signature transaction. 
245 comalso theres great article deepdotweb with mini tutorial how its done. 
245 com bitrated bitcoin arbitration marketplace like the coinb. 
245 way allows for more flexibility. 
245 the first thing must all agree the correct terminology. 
245 multi signature transaction outlined bitcoin improvement protocol not escrow. 
245 when using multi sig point does anybody have the ability run off with the funds. 
245 multi sig more like lock that takes predetermined number keys unlock and have access the funds. 
245 most cases this done using multi sig transaction. 
245 its really very simple and anyone should able figure out. 
245 javascript required too much effort verify the script each and everytime you use. 
245 well yea but the application designed for you use locally your own machine. 
245 right click save page etc. 
245 you also imply that javascript bad but recommend using electrum bitcoind too much effort like saying its too much effort use pgp its never too much effort verify your funds but were glad you didnt imply that there arent free open sourced solutions available. 
246 further investigation has revealed that this fact the hackers wallet likely the former dev pritel know that has the money did the heist made. 
246 gox loose million usd you want know how did this read the following fits well you mentioned oracle whats with his post where stated that has found out who did and how was able mods please not delete this don give fuck about anti policies and worked very hard paid out pocket and have open myself exposure put this thieving fuck blasteveryone else and take screen shot immediately incase this gets taken down censored real name censored czech republic hey censored hows feel reading this panicky won ask you enter dialogue censored but going insist you contact defcon one the moderators and arrange pay back the money. 
246 ask them for address and magic the funds show you probably live out the rest your life relatively healthy. 
246 there people who money you taken who will probably make you wish you were hell. 
246 understood censored fuck you and your ratfuck thievery. 
246 going keep this short. 
246 stexo had given laundering advice some czechs during who were also shopping around code they claimed have breached obtained from gox and btc. 
246 don know they legitimate devs just malicious fucks and irrelevant this point. 
246 initial back end and engine was coded one these guys contract censored. 
246 libby had thought would useful farm out some the initial development one the czech devs and asked fucking stexo make introduction. 
246 lib introduced censored defcon october and did whatever initial development was paid for. 
246 before the site went live his contract was and defcon and party took control the admin stuff. 
246 most likely this the reason for the initial spotty site access the initial days def just didn understand lot the code and kept fucking around with. 
246 very reliable source has confirmed unequivocally that censored censored has been bragging that hit bitstamp and gox with ddos flooded them with mutated transactions and even made fortune. 
246 czech former contractor used the transaction malleability media hoopla which can not used steal coins cloak break and steal. 
246 his initial development work probably worked advantage kept clone the security methods don know but censored now thousands btc richer then was week ago. 
246 libertas should not have recommended this piece shit solely because they were previous clients stexo. 
246 and stexo not authority developers computer security just because once advised him and his merry band czech bottom feeders how launder their btc. 
246 all this initial incompetence brings hack heist millions dollars. 
246 fucking believable and fucking acceptable. 
246 tried best present much facts could obtain and believe have spent own time energy and funds getting this information and putting the pieces together. 
246 this post deleted will repost from different accounts every hour every day nauseum. 
246 how you feel buddy didn expect this huh anybody prague around this area. 
246 can advise you what but. 
246 use your imagination. 
246 oracle they said that only the admins have access the escrow wallet only they couldve done. 
246 but their behaviour after that theft doesnt fit scammers one. 
246 they wouldve vanished would abandoned and they wouldve taken all funds from every wallet connected. 
246 and payback plan the last thing thief does. 
246 but they didnt fit suspects who does and how did get access the system they needed coder for security features and hired this czech someone who has atleast slightly criminal mind otherwise wouldnt coding anything for drug marketplace. 
246 coded what was asked for certainly has the source code from part srs security features couldve coded backdoor atleast some attackable code. 
246 with the source code knowledge about possible weak spots the security system and the mutant transaction method was able get access the funds the escrow wallet. 
246 used the mutant transaction bug the bitcoin protocol attack. 
246 choosed the far biggest and less used wallet. 
246 gox the coldest wallet. 
246 this bug inside the bitcoin protocol made possible double spend bitcoins. 
246 you cant course doubel spend something that exists just once. 
246 gox raised shortage million usd over time. 
246 was able create high damage. 
246 gox but was not able steal from them. 
246 cant verify oracles statements but they link all those similar attacks even explained where the money went how did etc. 
246 aslong there better explanation with this. 
246 the czech did. 
247 from february pmquote from sunwu february amquote from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
247 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
247 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
247 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare sorry derail but where might find you vending others see sunwu has not logged for bit anyone can answer this would think you very kind indeed. 
247 tiahi sir swplease not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
248 defcon stole the money and sold defcon defcon woman she not programmer. 
248 programmer has been stealing from since opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks. 
248 defcon fired programmer locked him out sight when she discovered the thefts. 
248 defcon was pissed his programmer was fired hasnt given defcon the keys promised. 
248 defcon created new key but hasnt used public. 
248 defcon trying find programmers she can trust close the backdoors programmer put the sight. 
248 programmer trying get rehired under new can steal morethere are programmers working the sight now. 
249 from ktvstudio march amcan anyone explain what happen before the. 
249 million usd heist your speaking from december what happend back then took break after the seizure and returned few days ago. 
249 you look the btc transfer dates the stolen wallet above you can see that hack scam actually started mid december. 
249 steady stream btc were being systematically transferred from the suspect wallet above every few hours every day. 
249 the hack scam was going for long time before defcon figured out decided announced being the incompetent thief that from honeyray march amthat the most believable all the options surprised that bigger deal hasnt been made. 
249 now pretty conclusive that aka pritel was largely involved this but are unsure acted alone. 
249 but have posted all the evidence have including all the data provided the bbmc and btva along with oracles dox pritel this thread here. 
249 must say that all the evidence seen together with oracles dox paints pretty compelling picture. 
249 and doesnt look good for pritel. 
249 although think stexo and dpr might have played bigger role this than previously suspected. 
249 will try update both threads equally future. 
250 thanks for this one. 
251 didnt snowden say all pgp software was backdoored the nsa saw the news that criminals and terrorists use mmorpg games communicate and carry out illegal transactions with the game money. 
251 they said there are fbi agents whos sole job play these games all day search said criminals. 
251 can one you tech experts check out chatcrypt. 
251 com for they claim not even the site owner cant read your messeges. 
252 but some reputable scource claimed all pgp software was backdoored the nsa. 
252 know snowden said the nsa having great difficulty cracking tor. 
253 magic the gathering fuck thats funny. 
254 bill march pmi have created two mailtor accounts. 
254 both accounts created with problem but cannot log into either one always getting wrong password error. 
254 notice that the login page also has link configure thunderbird. 
254 what thunderbird need use mailtor this why cannot log after creating mail accounts thanks advance for any help. 
254 thunderbird email application you download and run your computer. 
254 you really want take chance with new unproven mail service tor. 
255 have created two mailtor accounts. 
255 both accounts created with problem but cannot log into either one always getting wrong password error. 
255 notice that the login page also has link configure thunderbird. 
255 what thunderbird need use mailtor this why cannot log after creating mail accounts thanks advance for any help. 
256 perfect vendor thread. 
257 can anyone explain what happen before the. 
257 million usd heist your speaking from december what happend back then took break after the seizure and returned few days ago. 
258 from daytrading march ammagic the gathering fuck thats they never even changed the name the sitemagic the gathering online exchange. 
259 with whom will trade magic the gathering cards now mtgox cant get enough that. 
260 com whitepaper dev portobello road. 
261 yeah that prague dude. 
262 that the most believable all the options surprised that bigger deal hasnt been made. 
263 from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
263 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
263 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
263 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
263 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
263 thats cool shit love this. 
263 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers all. 
265 only lost small amount. 
265 looking the blockchain was taken from account before christmas and never came back. 
266 maybe you have detected very few writers have experimented with the myriad possibilities online self expression this case glad people are trying figure out whats been going here. 
266 dont have the brain energy tonight try follow all the above hypothesizing though. 
266 hope find the truth and appreciate your effort. 
267 the wild ride continues lol. 
267 must glass full kinda optimist something. 
268 weird things happen when guy stays too late detective work evidence that. 
269 here let edit that for you. 
269 from dej kovo march pmstole the money. 
269 has been stealing from since opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks. 
269 new can steal morethere are programmers working the sight now. 
269 thats more like. 
270 the bitcoins are held escrow and not available for withdrawal. 
270 considered inexpensive lesson learn again after and the sheep show. 
270 even have only policy and they still grabbed the btcs asked them release them then the buyer and did not receive response. 
271 from daytrading march pmwith whom will trade magic the gathering cards now mtgox cant get enough thatthis comment read news site says best this web site set allow nerds trade magic the gathering cards with each other. 
271 then somebody with presumably background banking accounting finance decides change into international bank. 
271 hey how hard can run bank based untested currency model implemented untested software add hundreds millions drug money mix well wait few years. 
272 from from march amxsposer very weird vibes the forums tonight almost all the posts replies are pro. 
272 and they are coming from handful nyms. 
272 and then there the murmur the community again bad vibes regarding and hiniguel. 
272 reports scamming being absent. 
272 worshipped some reviled others. 
272 some are now the opinion that just one man behind limitless stexo hiniguel dpr defcon hux etc. 
272 and beginning make sense. 
272 watching the latest theatrics regarding hiniguel its hard not see setup for the next big thing. 
272 nobody buying defcons bullshit anymore hiniguel steps and saves the day. 
272 refunds bunch money people pretends using more nyms all the while denouncing defcon. 
272 says hes leaving but hints that the market might born elsewhere the future. 
272 people nominating him the next leader. 
272 comparing nyms posts. 
272 and while have just begun looks like hiniguel bluegiraffe mdmazing. 
272 and hes talking himself. 
272 consider the following quotes and study them carefully. 
272 pay attention the sentence paragraph structure punctuation etc. 
272 one thing jumps out his use the dash and semicolon. 
272 but represents dash thusly single hyphen with space either side. 
272 not many people employ these marks punctuation their writing they misuse them furthermore there common use the term mate used many these nyms well failure capitalize the letter. 
272 then there the overall content topics threads many sound like they are coming from someone the staff. 
272 take gemma for instance. 
272 perhaps compiling list would order. 
272 compare just the following dpr. 
272 php action profile area showposts defcon. 
272 php action profile area showposts hiniguel. 
272 php action profile area showposts especially the admin roles dpr defcon the similarity obvious. 
272 the numerical lists bold headlines etc. 
272 and cwb jabbatheslut stealth hes goddamned one man band dozens nyms everywhere. 
272 but maybe its all head because dont even see how could possible. 
272 yes perhaps ive gone around the bend and not claiming that any this true but wanted share thoughts and see what you think. 
272 all really just goddamned scam very very interesting. 
272 wish could give you you definately deserve. 
272 weve also noticed the similarities certain major accounts. 
272 and even have screenshots some posts which show obvious correlation writing styles between the main players. 
272 but wanted restrain from adding own speculations this saga not bias any the impartial evidence have posted above. 
272 that being said. 
272 will comment the hiniguel situation just clear things many people have been asking this forum and others and have been kind skeptical answer. 
272 but what can say this much respect hiniguel for his monetary help the community and extent his forum moderation will say that provided helpful information whatsoever regarding this whole investigation. 
272 has obviously been helping the community lot ways and defcon stealth clu have all agreed. 
272 not mention other members personally know have confirmed that hes helped them out. 
272 but every reply did receive not many was extremely vague and absent fact even when presented evidence him and simply asked for his input. 
272 initially put this down his busy schedule because that point had already offered his millions help out the community was geting bombarded with emails pms. 
272 but weeks after the fact have still received nothing significance from him which weird because got personal thankyou from defcon and team for his investigative help again respect hiniguel for his help the community but dispite our best efforts has not contribted this investigation. 
272 where bbmc btva and extent oracle went above and beyond their requirements and were more than professional their cooperation. 
272 oracle providing some very interesting speculation about account sharing similar what suspects above the thought that this whole operation could man show while not that outragous unless ive been too late and have gone round the bend with you lol not consistant with our findings. 
272 seems more likely couple very experienced old school players acting together operating vendors mods admin vocal forum members. 
272 will try and clear the whos who all this some point but whatever outcome arrive will obviosly speculation based evidence course but none the less speculation. 
272 but can state that evident that dpr stexo hux are the same. 
272 more come later. 
272 also pointed out there are more familliar faces. 
272 this clear sign that something isnt right. 
272 when all the original and experienced members clear out and leave nothing but tumbleweed and kiss ass noobs its time leave aswell. 
273 have made several buys and money went very fast. 
273 shrugthere the refresh buttons which makes the money show. 
274 further investigation has revealed that this fact the hackers wallet likely the former dev pritel know that has the money did the heist made. 
274 gox loose million usd you want know how did this read the following fits well you mentioned oracle whats with his post where stated that has found out who did and how was able mods please not delete this don give fuck about anti policies and worked very hard paid out pocket and have open myself exposure put this thieving fuck blasteveryone else and take screen shot immediately incase this gets taken down censored real name censored czech republic hey censored hows feel reading this panicky won ask you enter dialogue censored but going insist you contact defcon one the moderators and arrange pay back the money. 
274 ask them for address and magic the funds show you probably live out the rest your life relatively healthy. 
274 there people who money you taken who will probably make you wish you were hell. 
274 understood censored fuck you and your ratfuck thievery. 
274 going keep this short. 
274 stexo had given laundering advice some czechs during who were also shopping around code they claimed have breached obtained from gox and btc. 
274 don know they legitimate devs just malicious fucks and irrelevant this point. 
274 initial back end and engine was coded one these guys contract censored. 
274 libby had thought would useful farm out some the initial development one the czech devs and asked fucking stexo make introduction. 
274 lib introduced censored defcon october and did whatever initial development was paid for. 
274 before the site went live his contract was and defcon and party took control the admin stuff. 
274 most likely this the reason for the initial spotty site access the initial days def just didn understand lot the code and kept fucking around with. 
274 very reliable source has confirmed unequivocally that censored censored has been bragging that hit bitstamp and gox with ddos flooded them with mutated transactions and even made fortune. 
274 czech former contractor used the transaction malleability media hoopla which can not used steal coins cloak break and steal. 
274 his initial development work probably worked advantage kept clone the security methods don know but censored now thousands btc richer then was week ago. 
274 libertas should not have recommended this piece shit solely because they were previous clients stexo. 
274 and stexo not authority developers computer security just because once advised him and his merry band czech bottom feeders how launder their btc. 
274 all this initial incompetence brings hack heist millions dollars. 
274 fucking believable and fucking acceptable. 
274 tried best present much facts could obtain and believe have spent own time energy and funds getting this information and putting the pieces together. 
274 this post deleted will repost from different accounts every hour every day nauseum. 
274 how you feel buddy didn expect this huh anybody prague around this area. 
274 can advise you what but. 
274 use your imagination. 
274 oracle they said that only the admins have access the escrow wallet only they couldve done. 
274 but their behaviour after that theft doesnt fit scammers one. 
274 they wouldve vanished would abandoned and they wouldve taken all funds from every wallet connected. 
274 and payback plan the last thing thief does. 
274 but they didnt fit suspects who does and how did get access the system they needed coder for security features and hired this czech someone who has atleast slightly criminal mind otherwise wouldnt coding anything for drug marketplace. 
274 coded what was asked for certainly has the source code from part srs security features couldve coded backdoor atleast some attackable code. 
274 with the source code knowledge about possible weak spots the security system and the mutant transaction method was able get access the funds the escrow wallet. 
274 used the mutant transaction bug the bitcoin protocol attack. 
274 choosed the far biggest and less used wallet. 
274 gox the coldest wallet. 
274 this bug inside the bitcoin protocol made possible double spend bitcoins. 
274 you cant course doubel spend something that exists just once. 
274 gox raised shortage million usd over time. 
274 was able create high damage. 
274 gox but was not able steal from them. 
274 cant verify oracles statements but they link all those similar attacks even explained where the money went how did etc. 
274 aslong there better explanation with this. 
274 the czech did. 
275 from february pmquote from sunwu february amquote from red february amsunwu dont think just speculation. 
275 you have the leaders thier industry making statement public regarding thembeing insolvent read their corporate plan looks very legit. 
275 com doc mtgox situation crisis strategy drafti agree very much looks that way that crisis draft shows signs authenticity all though with regard mtgox being liable under law for the bitcoins. 
275 its very new subject sure might possible reclaim some which will undoubtedly take very long time more likely they will declare sorry derail but where might find you vending others see sunwu has not logged for bit anyone can answer this would think you very kind indeed. 
275 tiahi sir swplease not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
276 defcon stole the money and sold defcon defcon woman she not programmer. 
276 programmer has been stealing from since opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks. 
276 defcon fired programmer locked him out sight when she discovered the thefts. 
276 defcon was pissed his programmer was fired hasnt given defcon the keys promised. 
276 defcon created new key but hasnt used public. 
276 defcon trying find programmers she can trust close the backdoors programmer put the sight. 
276 programmer trying get rehired under new can steal morethere are programmers working the sight now. 
277 from ktvstudio march amcan anyone explain what happen before the. 
277 million usd heist your speaking from december what happend back then took break after the seizure and returned few days ago. 
277 you look the btc transfer dates the stolen wallet above you can see that hack scam actually started mid december. 
277 steady stream btc were being systematically transferred from the suspect wallet above every few hours every day. 
277 the hack scam was going for long time before defcon figured out decided announced being the incompetent thief that from honeyray march amthat the most believable all the options surprised that bigger deal hasnt been made. 
277 now pretty conclusive that aka pritel was largely involved this but are unsure acted alone. 
277 but have posted all the evidence have including all the data provided the bbmc and btva along with oracles dox pritel this thread here. 
277 must say that all the evidence seen together with oracles dox paints pretty compelling picture. 
277 and doesnt look good for pritel. 
277 although think stexo and dpr might have played bigger role this than previously suspected. 
277 will try update both threads equally future. 
278 thanks for this one. 
279 didnt snowden say all pgp software was backdoored the nsa saw the news that criminals and terrorists use mmorpg games communicate and carry out illegal transactions with the game money. 
279 they said there are fbi agents whos sole job play these games all day search said criminals. 
279 can one you tech experts check out chatcrypt. 
279 com for they claim not even the site owner cant read your messeges. 
280 but some reputable scource claimed all pgp software was backdoored the nsa. 
280 know snowden said the nsa having great difficulty cracking tor. 
281 magic the gathering fuck thats funny. 
282 bill march pmi have created two mailtor accounts. 
282 both accounts created with problem but cannot log into either one always getting wrong password error. 
282 notice that the login page also has link configure thunderbird. 
282 what thunderbird need use mailtor this why cannot log after creating mail accounts thanks advance for any help. 
282 thunderbird email application you download and run your computer. 
282 you really want take chance with new unproven mail service tor. 
283 have created two mailtor accounts. 
283 both accounts created with problem but cannot log into either one always getting wrong password error. 
283 notice that the login page also has link configure thunderbird. 
283 what thunderbird need use mailtor this why cannot log after creating mail accounts thanks advance for any help. 
284 perfect vendor thread. 
285 can anyone explain what happen before the. 
285 million usd heist your speaking from december what happend back then took break after the seizure and returned few days ago. 
286 from daytrading march ammagic the gathering fuck thats they never even changed the name the sitemagic the gathering online exchange. 
287 with whom will trade magic the gathering cards now mtgox cant get enough that. 
288 com whitepaper dev portobello road. 
289 yeah that prague dude. 
290 that the most believable all the options surprised that bigger deal hasnt been made. 
291 from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
291 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
291 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
291 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
291 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
291 thats cool shit love this. 
291 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers all. 
293 only lost small amount. 
293 looking the blockchain was taken from account before christmas and never came back. 
294 maybe you have detected very few writers have experimented with the myriad possibilities online self expression this case glad people are trying figure out whats been going here. 
294 dont have the brain energy tonight try follow all the above hypothesizing though. 
294 hope find the truth and appreciate your effort. 
295 the wild ride continues lol. 
295 must glass full kinda optimist something. 
296 weird things happen when guy stays too late detective work evidence that. 
297 here let edit that for you. 
297 from dej kovo march pmstole the money. 
297 has been stealing from since opened with missing coin and negative balance tricks. 
297 new can steal morethere are programmers working the sight now. 
297 thats more like. 
298 the bitcoins are held escrow and not available for withdrawal. 
298 considered inexpensive lesson learn again after and the sheep show. 
298 even have only policy and they still grabbed the btcs asked them release them then the buyer and did not receive response. 
299 from daytrading march pmwith whom will trade magic the gathering cards now mtgox cant get enough thatthis comment read news site says best this web site set allow nerds trade magic the gathering cards with each other. 
299 then somebody with presumably background banking accounting finance decides change into international bank. 
299 hey how hard can run bank based untested currency model implemented untested software add hundreds millions drug money mix well wait few years. 
300 from from march amxsposer very weird vibes the forums tonight almost all the posts replies are pro. 
300 and they are coming from handful nyms. 
300 and then there the murmur the community again bad vibes regarding and hiniguel. 
300 reports scamming being absent. 
300 worshipped some reviled others. 
300 some are now the opinion that just one man behind limitless stexo hiniguel dpr defcon hux etc. 
300 and beginning make sense. 
300 watching the latest theatrics regarding hiniguel its hard not see setup for the next big thing. 
300 nobody buying defcons bullshit anymore hiniguel steps and saves the day. 
300 refunds bunch money people pretends using more nyms all the while denouncing defcon. 
300 says hes leaving but hints that the market might born elsewhere the future. 
300 people nominating him the next leader. 
300 comparing nyms posts. 
300 and while have just begun looks like hiniguel bluegiraffe mdmazing. 
300 and hes talking himself. 
300 consider the following quotes and study them carefully. 
300 pay attention the sentence paragraph structure punctuation etc. 
300 one thing jumps out his use the dash and semicolon. 
300 but represents dash thusly single hyphen with space either side. 
300 not many people employ these marks punctuation their writing they misuse them furthermore there common use the term mate used many these nyms well failure capitalize the letter. 
300 then there the overall content topics threads many sound like they are coming from someone the staff. 
300 take gemma for instance. 
300 perhaps compiling list would order. 
300 compare just the following dpr. 
300 php action profile area showposts defcon. 
300 php action profile area showposts hiniguel. 
300 php action profile area showposts especially the admin roles dpr defcon the similarity obvious. 
300 the numerical lists bold headlines etc. 
300 and cwb jabbatheslut stealth hes goddamned one man band dozens nyms everywhere. 
300 but maybe its all head because dont even see how could possible. 
300 yes perhaps ive gone around the bend and not claiming that any this true but wanted share thoughts and see what you think. 
300 all really just goddamned scam very very interesting. 
300 wish could give you you definately deserve. 
300 weve also noticed the similarities certain major accounts. 
300 and even have screenshots some posts which show obvious correlation writing styles between the main players. 
300 but wanted restrain from adding own speculations this saga not bias any the impartial evidence have posted above. 
300 that being said. 
300 will comment the hiniguel situation just clear things many people have been asking this forum and others and have been kind skeptical answer. 
300 but what can say this much respect hiniguel for his monetary help the community and extent his forum moderation will say that provided helpful information whatsoever regarding this whole investigation. 
300 has obviously been helping the community lot ways and defcon stealth clu have all agreed. 
300 not mention other members personally know have confirmed that hes helped them out. 
300 but every reply did receive not many was extremely vague and absent fact even when presented evidence him and simply asked for his input. 
300 initially put this down his busy schedule because that point had already offered his millions help out the community was geting bombarded with emails pms. 
300 but weeks after the fact have still received nothing significance from him which weird because got personal thankyou from defcon and team for his investigative help again respect hiniguel for his help the community but dispite our best efforts has not contribted this investigation. 
300 where bbmc btva and extent oracle went above and beyond their requirements and were more than professional their cooperation. 
300 oracle providing some very interesting speculation about account sharing similar what suspects above the thought that this whole operation could man show while not that outragous unless ive been too late and have gone round the bend with you lol not consistant with our findings. 
300 seems more likely couple very experienced old school players acting together operating vendors mods admin vocal forum members. 
300 will try and clear the whos who all this some point but whatever outcome arrive will obviosly speculation based evidence course but none the less speculation. 
300 but can state that evident that dpr stexo hux are the same. 
300 more come later. 
300 also pointed out there are more familliar faces. 
300 this clear sign that something isnt right. 
300 when all the original and experienced members clear out and leave nothing but tumbleweed and kiss ass noobs its time leave aswell. 
301 have made several buys and money went very fast. 
301 shrugthere the refresh buttons which makes the money show. 
302 thanks for that but thats lot stuff barely get think ill just with the dvd drive cuz itll probably benefit with other things too. 
302 checked prices and can get one for pretty affordable price. 
302 would have any suggestions something. 
303 pgp depends the generated keys random. 
303 they arent random its simple pie for someone decrypt your shit. 
303 opensourse the only way like mirage said. 
304 yea believe feel stupid but not that stupid because was just knew better than trust those vendors with more than but read the forums about coins too late. 
304 usually buy from themiddleman but was out had buy from new vendor. 
304 just beware people. 
304 hate silkroad been there for while but its just scam central. 
304 anybody wanna give agora invite. 
305 experience any counterfiters here are full scam. 
305 you find some that are selling quatity passible notes for less then lets all know. 
305 seriously really want some fake bills get back some guys who sold some weak sihit and buying stuff with few hundo fakes would serve well. 
305 habe just never seen legiit currecy maker all days the edb. 
305 there wan liek one dude who had decent euros but tha wouldnt help. 
305 mean who doenst wanna spend for. 
305 please update this. 
306 recently broke members and nearing listings. 
306 are giving away remaining free vendor accounts which will put before begin charging for new vendor accounts and pruning inactive free accounts. 
306 are working data sharing partnership with darklist that already enabled our side listing products our site you can opt program where your public key and listings are automatically added their new multi market product listing search giving your products free exposure without any extra work. 
306 you have any questions please contact our help desk visit our forums. 
307 either way scam. 
307 new owners not. 
307 why bother anymore cut your losses. 
307 learn hard lesson and move. 
308 shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express today modify removewell looks like today the day shit hits the fan with your goldenboy. 
308 clu wtf why did you not listen the concerns the ever increasing number vendors who kept saying was problem you can tell fuck myself because thats better than being constantly fucked hereas for you stealth people complained about many many threads saying was scammer only ignored and for you swan and defend this scammer. 
308 now all honest and already pissed vendors will left with all the fucking distrusti have all money tied escrow and did not care speak out the matterand delivered every single item without getting paid knew silk road would bounce back but noticed that when people did ask for support hard times they were ignored and mods were not answering more than questions day but now they can fucking answer sit sad see know ross would sick his core just many other vendors and buyers arei refused give but not after watching you impartial moderators tear into people the last couple days because they said was dangerous and scammer enough enoughlast night went agora the last thing wanted customers can still have full escrow seller dont even like seller customers are too quick lose trust. 
308 please please please please sort something out listen the people you are here moderate scammers can not left destroy this placere shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express reply today quoteim failing see how was scammer just because his list. 
308 shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express reply today modify removeits not the list clu ffs the shitstorm people has already conned coming have nothing against you clu but can you really not see this you search his name its showing scammer now today when everyone realises gone are going hearing hell lot more shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express reply today modify removewould you mind moving this back silk road discussion clu can definitely say not fkn off topic going the main topic here. 
309 from sunwu march pmthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
309 maybe they can download something that combines many different ideas like tor tails vpn brain wallet different markets data zerocoin nsa spying updates make your bad fuckin wish here now. 
309 which can all bootable usb jump drive does anyone feel rofl. 
310 tails thinking about switching away from claws back icedove but looks like thunderbird just full holes patched. 
310 org blueprint return icedove you can also read paper online which details the specifics the leaks. 
310 qdzm cannot suggest thunderbird this time for any secure email. 
310 one again must promote bote alternative regular email with the security that you desire. 
311 feel obligated post this here javascript cryptography considered harmful. 
311 com articles javascript cryptography and course rebuttal thoughts critiques javascript cryptography. 
311 this why dislike solutions like coinb. 
311 yes they are attractive cross platform solution help out people with issues with crypto programs not working. 
311 have personally read through the entire electrum codebase the best ability know that there are obvious backdoors. 
311 cannot say the same for that site altho think its likely not any way malicious. 
311 could poorly implemented however. 
311 think better solution may implement mozilla compatable javascript add. 
311 this would able vetted and verified and work across large number systems. 
311 org webcryptoapi standardized and implemented would make much much easier this task well. 
311 perhaps one these days will work such task. 
312 from ueoc march pmjavascript required. 
312 well yea but the application designed for you use locally your own machine. 
312 right click save page etc. 
312 you also imply that javascript bad but recommend using electrum bitcoind too much effort like saying its too much effort use pgp its never too much effort verify your funds but were glad you didnt imply that there arent free open sourced solutions availablei walked away soon saw. 
312 will test more secure machine later. 
312 works then great leaving aside the issues raised owockeznans links. 
312 probably being dense but dont really get your point here you also imply that javascript bad but recommend using electrum bitcoind imply very common attack vector used against people. 
312 not sure what that has with electrum bitcoind. 
313 pretty lame wait that long actually make that statement nothing worry about working filing for bankruptcy. 
314 multibit works for. 
314 how about you. 
315 nope but hangn. 
315 but longer drink the green camel yep pending bal paid mar. 
316 thank you for these helpful responses. 
316 confess looked mailtor based upon only one thing the recommendation nightcrawler forums. 
316 since then nightcrawler who seemed security tech guru most knowledgeable and helpful has abruptly disappeared. 
316 which may mean something may mean nothing. 
316 will peruse the axa guide. 
317 yeah ive seen this site and wonder how legit. 
318 wondering anyone knows for fact. 
319 updated post with the links the sites any results. 
320 having great experience agora far. 
320 everything seems work well and quickly. 
321 from sunwu march pmquote from evilgrin march pmquote from sunwu march amquote from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
321 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
321 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
321 was asking people program such this would posible but havent gotten any answers. 
321 surely there way this could work. 
321 like how limewire had shared folder that shared the data that folder across the network. 
321 like said would work. 
321 but who would download even with limewire you have legal uses with file sharingbut for the market its sole use would use market that sells drugs. 
321 who would take the risk load this onto their computer could develop and doesnt matter how much customers would trust would advise them not trust someone much hahawell people use the idea people arent stupid enough use obviously false. 
321 but youre talking about the possibility contains virus guess would have trusted just like the markets are trusted not rob everyone. 
321 was possible code something like this all the problems are having could overcome. 
322 from sunwu march amquote from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
322 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
322 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
322 was asking people program such this would posible but havent gotten any answers. 
322 surely there way this could work. 
322 like how limewire had shared folder that shared the data that folder across the network. 
323 from owockeznan march amtails thinking about switching away from claws back icedove but looks like thunderbird just full holes patched. 
323 org blueprint return icedove you can also read paper online which details the specifics the leaks. 
323 qdzm cannot suggest thunderbird this time for any secure email. 
323 one again must promote bote alternative regular email with the security that you desire. 
323 bote mail anonymous and secure gets. 
323 but order use both parties need the client installed and have bote accounts kinda limits acceptance and use since you cannot send receive from external email accounts. 
323 all messages are encrypted you not need use pgp bote still good idea though. 
324 hello looking make purchase from the site the hiddin wiki known black market. 
324 onion shop they said they have good comments hub forums thought make own post and see what you guys say any negatives scams postives good things theyve done for you let know also another site known the hiddin wiki greenpaper counterfeiters something like that also. 
324 onion again any negatives scams postives good things theyve done for you let know thank you for all your. 
325 all them mtgox are scum. 
325 glad mtgox dead. 
325 now the btc community can move forward and the coin can. 
326 got the deposit bitcoin page and have been given multiple deposit addresses. 
326 can someone please help how deposit cash this address. 
327 understand correctly gox have been letting coins out the hackers over many years this will have caused inflation the actual btc circulation would the surface things those coins stolen will have undoubtedly been sold other exchanges bringing the prices down does this mean now see those coins are gone the long run there actually much less coins circulation that people first perceived. 
327 which case can expect rise price the supply demand criteria. 
328 got the deposit bitcoin page and have been given multiple deposit addresses. 
328 can someone please help how deposit cash this address. 
329 from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
329 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
329 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
330 from evilgrin march pmquote from sunwu march amquote from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
330 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
330 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
330 was asking people program such this would posible but havent gotten any answers. 
330 surely there way this could work. 
330 like how limewire had shared folder that shared the data that folder across the network. 
330 like said would work. 
330 but who would download even with limewire you have legal uses with file sharingbut for the market its sole use would use market that sells drugs. 
330 who would take the risk load this onto their computer could develop and doesnt matter how much customers would trust would advise them not trust someone much haha. 
331 haha that was his views views this war has fallen asleep the helm bomber plane and flown straight into his own peoplehis incompetence has caused this issue amount passion will compensate this. 
332 torescrow planning huge theft all vendors bitcoins. 
332 they have been very shady from the very beginning. 
332 they ban anyone who even mentions finalizing early anywhere. 
332 they will ban you from their market their forum and their subreddit and then post lies about you try discredit you. 
332 many people have asked some very serious and very innocent questions about. 
332 torescrow gives bullshit excuses about protecting cutomers how are customers protected the option them. 
332 then they quietly censor their forums and subreddits. 
332 lots things being deleted. 
332 very shady market. 
332 way too insistent using their non multi sig escrow. 
332 this not safe market. 
332 have reputation all markets and never made single transaction torescrow. 
332 and yet torescrow trying paint scammer their reason for banning from forum subreddit and market. 
332 when reality only because asked too many questions about their market and pointed out some very curious behavior from their admins. 
332 stay away from torescrow can see you are already they also pay oldmandrugs act user and promote them all over the internet. 
332 also some sort informant for them pointing out anyone that tries tell the truth about torescrow they can banned. 
333 have gotten word recently that bsm close being done testing and releasing hedge option for vendors purchase. 
333 think with the btc fluctuation bsm will one very few. 
333 think that having growing period unlike and now agora pandora and relatively small vendor base gives them the finacial stability afford this feature. 
333 looking more and more legit all the time. 
333 almost like the ideal marketplace auto withdrawal parial options working resolution center etc except for the slow traffic. 
334 from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
335 pretty lame wait that long actually make that statement nothing worry about working filing for bankruptcy. 
336 from sunwu march pmthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
336 maybe they can download something that combines many different ideas like tor tails vpn brain wallet different markets data zerocoin nsa spying updates make your bad fuckin wish here now. 
336 which can all bootable usb jump drive does anyone feel rofl. 
337 have gotten word recently that bsm close being done testing and releasing hedge option for vendors purchase. 
337 think with the btc fluctuation bsm will one very few. 
337 think that having growing period unlike and now agora pandora and relatively small vendor base gives them the finacial stability afford this feature. 
337 looking more and more legit all the time. 
337 almost like the ideal marketplace auto withdrawal parial options working resolution center etc except for the slow traffic. 
338 yea believe feel stupid but not that stupid because was just knew better than trust those vendors with more than but read the forums about coins too late. 
338 usually buy from themiddleman but was out had buy from new vendor. 
338 just beware people. 
338 hate silkroad been there for while but its just scam central. 
338 anybody wanna give agora invite. 
339 haha that was his views views this war has fallen asleep the helm bomber plane and flown straight into his own peoplehis incompetence has caused this issue amount passion will compensate this. 
340 from mirage march amnice alwayz kinda wondered about limitless. 
340 since really used touch. 
340 and tha saga continues. 
340 peacemirageyou and were arguing about security either. 
340 obviously you know more the subject intel vpro chips than the grand wizard does and tip turban apology. 
340 that being said see your computer expertise and raise you one john lecarr vlad identity well known the regulars bitcointalk. 
340 vlad ran bitcoin hedge fund which turned out ponzi scheme. 
340 vlad also appears have done money laundering for some regiulars. 
340 both cases limetless actively steered people vlad and vouched for his honesty and ability. 
340 after vlad did runner there was great deal speculation that vlad and limetless were the same person. 
340 cannot say whether not this true. 
340 but can say that the very least vlad knows the person behind the limetless screen name. 
340 can also say that limetless knows several members the current administration. 
340 vlad assisted any them laundering money knows them too. 
340 the cell running silk road has been compromised. 
340 the breach irreperable. 
340 all smileys horses and all smileys men aint bringing humpty out the cold again. 
341 got the deposit bitcoin page and have been given multiple deposit addresses. 
341 can someone please help how deposit cash this address. 
342 pretty lame wait that long actually make that statement nothing worry about working filing for bankruptcy. 
343 wondering anyone knows for fact. 
344 thanks for that but thats lot stuff barely get think ill just with the dvd drive cuz itll probably benefit with other things too. 
344 checked prices and can get one for pretty affordable price. 
344 would have any suggestions something. 
345 understand correctly gox have been letting coins out the hackers over many years this will have caused inflation the actual btc circulation would the surface things those coins stolen will have undoubtedly been sold other exchanges bringing the prices down does this mean now see those coins are gone the long run there actually much less coins circulation that people first perceived. 
345 which case can expect rise price the supply demand criteria. 
346 shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express today modify removewell looks like today the day shit hits the fan with your goldenboy. 
346 clu wtf why did you not listen the concerns the ever increasing number vendors who kept saying was problem you can tell fuck myself because thats better than being constantly fucked hereas for you stealth people complained about many many threads saying was scammer only ignored and for you swan and defend this scammer. 
346 now all honest and already pissed vendors will left with all the fucking distrusti have all money tied escrow and did not care speak out the matterand delivered every single item without getting paid knew silk road would bounce back but noticed that when people did ask for support hard times they were ignored and mods were not answering more than questions day but now they can fucking answer sit sad see know ross would sick his core just many other vendors and buyers arei refused give but not after watching you impartial moderators tear into people the last couple days because they said was dangerous and scammer enough enoughlast night went agora the last thing wanted customers can still have full escrow seller dont even like seller customers are too quick lose trust. 
346 please please please please sort something out listen the people you are here moderate scammers can not left destroy this placere shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express reply today quoteim failing see how was scammer just because his list. 
346 shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express reply today modify removeits not the list clu ffs the shitstorm people has already conned coming have nothing against you clu but can you really not see this you search his name its showing scammer now today when everyone realises gone are going hearing hell lot more shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express reply today modify removewould you mind moving this back silk road discussion clu can definitely say not fkn off topic going the main topic here. 
347 experience any counterfiters here are full scam. 
347 you find some that are selling quatity passible notes for less then lets all know. 
347 seriously really want some fake bills get back some guys who sold some weak sihit and buying stuff with few hundo fakes would serve well. 
347 habe just never seen legiit currecy maker all days the edb. 
347 there wan liek one dude who had decent euros but tha wouldnt help. 
347 mean who doenst wanna spend for. 
347 please update this. 
348 from damiel march pmquote from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
348 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
348 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
348 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
348 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
348 thats cool shit love this. 
348 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers allhaha yea well guess you could release some then try the product and release the rest. 
348 but think its more for the sake making vendors and buyers comfortable and not require complete like lots other sites. 
348 the support bsm has recently told that they will chirp from time time the hub needed but will remain independent any forum identities for the most part. 
348 but that may change they grow who knows. 
348 what know that the best functioning market have ever used. 
349 pgp depends the generated keys random. 
349 they arent random its simple pie for someone decrypt your shit. 
349 opensourse the only way like mirage said. 
350 feel obligated post this here javascript cryptography considered harmful. 
350 com articles javascript cryptography and course rebuttal thoughts critiques javascript cryptography. 
350 this why dislike solutions like coinb. 
350 yes they are attractive cross platform solution help out people with issues with crypto programs not working. 
350 have personally read through the entire electrum codebase the best ability know that there are obvious backdoors. 
350 cannot say the same for that site altho think its likely not any way malicious. 
350 could poorly implemented however. 
350 think better solution may implement mozilla compatable javascript add. 
350 this would able vetted and verified and work across large number systems. 
350 org webcryptoapi standardized and implemented would make much much easier this task well. 
350 perhaps one these days will work such task. 
351 from ueoc march pmjavascript required. 
351 well yea but the application designed for you use locally your own machine. 
351 right click save page etc. 
351 you also imply that javascript bad but recommend using electrum bitcoind too much effort like saying its too much effort use pgp its never too much effort verify your funds but were glad you didnt imply that there arent free open sourced solutions availablei walked away soon saw. 
351 will test more secure machine later. 
351 works then great leaving aside the issues raised owockeznans links. 
351 probably being dense but dont really get your point here you also imply that javascript bad but recommend using electrum bitcoind imply very common attack vector used against people. 
351 not sure what that has with electrum bitcoind. 
352 hello looking make purchase from the site the hiddin wiki known black market. 
352 onion shop they said they have good comments hub forums thought make own post and see what you guys say any negatives scams postives good things theyve done for you let know also another site known the hiddin wiki greenpaper counterfeiters something like that also. 
352 onion again any negatives scams postives good things theyve done for you let know thank you for all your. 
353 updated post with the links the sites any results. 
354 from sunwu march pmthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
354 maybe they can download something that combines many different ideas like tor tails vpn brain wallet different markets data zerocoin nsa spying updates make your bad fuckin wish here now. 
354 which can all bootable usb jump drive does anyone feel rofl. 
355 from owockeznan march amtails thinking about switching away from claws back icedove but looks like thunderbird just full holes patched. 
355 org blueprint return icedove you can also read paper online which details the specifics the leaks. 
355 qdzm cannot suggest thunderbird this time for any secure email. 
355 one again must promote bote alternative regular email with the security that you desire. 
355 bote mail anonymous and secure gets. 
355 but order use both parties need the client installed and have bote accounts kinda limits acceptance and use since you cannot send receive from external email accounts. 
355 all messages are encrypted you not need use pgp bote still good idea though. 
356 thank you for these helpful responses. 
356 confess looked mailtor based upon only one thing the recommendation nightcrawler forums. 
356 since then nightcrawler who seemed security tech guru most knowledgeable and helpful has abruptly disappeared. 
356 which may mean something may mean nothing. 
356 will peruse the axa guide. 
357 having great experience agora far. 
357 everything seems work well and quickly. 
358 from evilgrin march pmquote from sunwu march amquote from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
358 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
358 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
358 was asking people program such this would posible but havent gotten any answers. 
358 surely there way this could work. 
358 like how limewire had shared folder that shared the data that folder across the network. 
358 like said would work. 
358 but who would download even with limewire you have legal uses with file sharingbut for the market its sole use would use market that sells drugs. 
358 who would take the risk load this onto their computer could develop and doesnt matter how much customers would trust would advise them not trust someone much haha. 
359 from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
359 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
359 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
360 from sunwu march amquote from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
360 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
360 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
360 was asking people program such this would posible but havent gotten any answers. 
360 surely there way this could work. 
360 like how limewire had shared folder that shared the data that folder across the network. 
361 from sunwu march pmquote from evilgrin march pmquote from sunwu march amquote from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
361 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
361 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
361 was asking people program such this would posible but havent gotten any answers. 
361 surely there way this could work. 
361 like how limewire had shared folder that shared the data that folder across the network. 
361 like said would work. 
361 but who would download even with limewire you have legal uses with file sharingbut for the market its sole use would use market that sells drugs. 
361 who would take the risk load this onto their computer could develop and doesnt matter how much customers would trust would advise them not trust someone much hahawell people use the idea people arent stupid enough use obviously false. 
361 but youre talking about the possibility contains virus guess would have trusted just like the markets are trusted not rob everyone. 
361 was possible code something like this all the problems are having could overcome. 
362 from damiel march pmquote from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
362 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
362 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
362 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
362 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
362 thats cool shit love this. 
362 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers allhaha yea well guess you could release some then try the product and release the rest. 
362 but think its more for the sake making vendors and buyers comfortable and not require complete like lots other sites. 
362 the support bsm has recently told that they will chirp from time time the hub needed but will remain independent any forum identities for the most part. 
362 but that may change they grow who knows. 
362 what know that the best functioning market have ever used. 
363 have gotten word recently that bsm close being done testing and releasing hedge option for vendors purchase. 
363 think with the btc fluctuation bsm will one very few. 
363 think that having growing period unlike and now agora pandora and relatively small vendor base gives them the finacial stability afford this feature. 
363 looking more and more legit all the time. 
363 almost like the ideal marketplace auto withdrawal parial options working resolution center etc except for the slow traffic. 
364 torescrow planning huge theft all vendors bitcoins. 
364 they have been very shady from the very beginning. 
364 they ban anyone who even mentions finalizing early anywhere. 
364 they will ban you from their market their forum and their subreddit and then post lies about you try discredit you. 
364 many people have asked some very serious and very innocent questions about. 
364 torescrow gives bullshit excuses about protecting cutomers how are customers protected the option them. 
364 then they quietly censor their forums and subreddits. 
364 lots things being deleted. 
364 very shady market. 
364 way too insistent using their non multi sig escrow. 
364 this not safe market. 
364 have reputation all markets and never made single transaction torescrow. 
364 and yet torescrow trying paint scammer their reason for banning from forum subreddit and market. 
364 when reality only because asked too many questions about their market and pointed out some very curious behavior from their admins. 
364 stay away from torescrow can see you are already they also pay oldmandrugs act user and promote them all over the internet. 
364 also some sort informant for them pointing out anyone that tries tell the truth about torescrow they can banned. 
365 from sunwu march pmthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
365 maybe they can download something that combines many different ideas like tor tails vpn brain wallet different markets data zerocoin nsa spying updates make your bad fuckin wish here now. 
365 which can all bootable usb jump drive does anyone feel rofl. 
366 yea believe feel stupid but not that stupid because was just knew better than trust those vendors with more than but read the forums about coins too late. 
366 usually buy from themiddleman but was out had buy from new vendor. 
366 just beware people. 
366 hate silkroad been there for while but its just scam central. 
366 anybody wanna give agora invite. 
367 from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
368 pretty lame wait that long actually make that statement nothing worry about working filing for bankruptcy. 
369 from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
369 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
369 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
370 from evilgrin march pmquote from sunwu march amquote from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
370 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
370 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
370 was asking people program such this would posible but havent gotten any answers. 
370 surely there way this could work. 
370 like how limewire had shared folder that shared the data that folder across the network. 
370 like said would work. 
370 but who would download even with limewire you have legal uses with file sharingbut for the market its sole use would use market that sells drugs. 
370 who would take the risk load this onto their computer could develop and doesnt matter how much customers would trust would advise them not trust someone much haha. 
371 dont ever rely solely vpn. 
372 have gotten word recently that bsm close being done testing and releasing hedge option for vendors purchase. 
372 think with the btc fluctuation bsm will one very few. 
372 think that having growing period unlike and now agora pandora and relatively small vendor base gives them the finacial stability afford this feature. 
372 looking more and more legit all the time. 
372 almost like the ideal marketplace auto withdrawal parial options working resolution center etc except for the slow traffic. 
373 from mirage march amnice alwayz kinda wondered about limitless. 
373 since really used touch. 
373 and tha saga continues. 
373 peacemirageyou and were arguing about security either. 
373 obviously you know more the subject intel vpro chips than the grand wizard does and tip turban apology. 
373 that being said see your computer expertise and raise you one john lecarr vlad identity well known the regulars bitcointalk. 
373 vlad ran bitcoin hedge fund which turned out ponzi scheme. 
373 vlad also appears have done money laundering for some regiulars. 
373 both cases limetless actively steered people vlad and vouched for his honesty and ability. 
373 after vlad did runner there was great deal speculation that vlad and limetless were the same person. 
373 cannot say whether not this true. 
373 but can say that the very least vlad knows the person behind the limetless screen name. 
373 can also say that limetless knows several members the current administration. 
373 vlad assisted any them laundering money knows them too. 
373 the cell running silk road has been compromised. 
373 the breach irreperable. 
373 all smileys horses and all smileys men aint bringing humpty out the cold again. 
374 from damiel march pmquote from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
374 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
374 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
374 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
374 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
374 thats cool shit love this. 
374 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers allhaha yea well guess you could release some then try the product and release the rest. 
374 but think its more for the sake making vendors and buyers comfortable and not require complete like lots other sites. 
374 the support bsm has recently told that they will chirp from time time the hub needed but will remain independent any forum identities for the most part. 
374 but that may change they grow who knows. 
374 what know that the best functioning market have ever used. 
375 haha that was his views views this war has fallen asleep the helm bomber plane and flown straight into his own peoplehis incompetence has caused this issue amount passion will compensate this. 
376 from evilgrin march pmquote from sunwu march amquote from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
376 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
376 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
376 was asking people program such this would posible but havent gotten any answers. 
376 surely there way this could work. 
376 like how limewire had shared folder that shared the data that folder across the network. 
376 like said would work. 
376 but who would download even with limewire you have legal uses with file sharingbut for the market its sole use would use market that sells drugs. 
376 who would take the risk load this onto their computer could develop and doesnt matter how much customers would trust would advise them not trust someone much haha. 
377 from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
377 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
377 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
378 from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
379 who voted yes being repaid was cwb lol. 
380 thanks for that but thats lot stuff barely get think ill just with the dvd drive cuz itll probably benefit with other things too. 
380 checked prices and can get one for pretty affordable price. 
380 would have any suggestions something. 
381 pgp depends the generated keys random. 
381 they arent random its simple pie for someone decrypt your shit. 
381 opensourse the only way like mirage said. 
382 yea believe feel stupid but not that stupid because was just knew better than trust those vendors with more than but read the forums about coins too late. 
382 usually buy from themiddleman but was out had buy from new vendor. 
382 just beware people. 
382 hate silkroad been there for while but its just scam central. 
382 anybody wanna give agora invite. 
383 experience any counterfiters here are full scam. 
383 you find some that are selling quatity passible notes for less then lets all know. 
383 seriously really want some fake bills get back some guys who sold some weak sihit and buying stuff with few hundo fakes would serve well. 
383 habe just never seen legiit currecy maker all days the edb. 
383 there wan liek one dude who had decent euros but tha wouldnt help. 
383 mean who doenst wanna spend for. 
383 please update this. 
384 nope but hangn. 
384 but longer drink the green camel yep pending bal paid mar. 
385 who voted yes being repaid was cwb lol. 
386 torescrow planning huge theft all vendors bitcoins. 
386 they have been very shady from the very beginning. 
386 they ban anyone who even mentions finalizing early anywhere. 
386 they will ban you from their market their forum and their subreddit and then post lies about you try discredit you. 
386 many people have asked some very serious and very innocent questions about. 
386 torescrow gives bullshit excuses about protecting cutomers how are customers protected the option them. 
386 then they quietly censor their forums and subreddits. 
386 lots things being deleted. 
386 very shady market. 
386 way too insistent using their non multi sig escrow. 
386 this not safe market. 
386 have reputation all markets and never made single transaction torescrow. 
386 and yet torescrow trying paint scammer their reason for banning from forum subreddit and market. 
386 when reality only because asked too many questions about their market and pointed out some very curious behavior from their admins. 
386 stay away from torescrow can see you are already they also pay oldmandrugs act user and promote them all over the internet. 
386 also some sort informant for them pointing out anyone that tries tell the truth about torescrow they can banned. 
387 experience any counterfiters here are full scam. 
387 you find some that are selling quatity passible notes for less then lets all know. 
387 seriously really want some fake bills get back some guys who sold some weak sihit and buying stuff with few hundo fakes would serve well. 
387 habe just never seen legiit currecy maker all days the edb. 
387 there wan liek one dude who had decent euros but tha wouldnt help. 
387 mean who doenst wanna spend for. 
387 please update this. 
388 recently broke members and nearing listings. 
388 are giving away remaining free vendor accounts which will put before begin charging for new vendor accounts and pruning inactive free accounts. 
388 are working data sharing partnership with darklist that already enabled our side listing products our site you can opt program where your public key and listings are automatically added their new multi market product listing search giving your products free exposure without any extra work. 
388 you have any questions please contact our help desk visit our forums. 
389 haha that was his views views this war has fallen asleep the helm bomber plane and flown straight into his own peoplehis incompetence has caused this issue amount passion will compensate this. 
390 yea believe feel stupid but not that stupid because was just knew better than trust those vendors with more than but read the forums about coins too late. 
390 usually buy from themiddleman but was out had buy from new vendor. 
390 just beware people. 
390 hate silkroad been there for while but its just scam central. 
390 anybody wanna give agora invite. 
391 haha that was his views views this war has fallen asleep the helm bomber plane and flown straight into his own peoplehis incompetence has caused this issue amount passion will compensate this. 
392 from mirage march amnice alwayz kinda wondered about limitless. 
392 since really used touch. 
392 and tha saga continues. 
392 peacemirageyou and were arguing about security either. 
392 obviously you know more the subject intel vpro chips than the grand wizard does and tip turban apology. 
392 that being said see your computer expertise and raise you one john lecarr vlad identity well known the regulars bitcointalk. 
392 vlad ran bitcoin hedge fund which turned out ponzi scheme. 
392 vlad also appears have done money laundering for some regiulars. 
392 both cases limetless actively steered people vlad and vouched for his honesty and ability. 
392 after vlad did runner there was great deal speculation that vlad and limetless were the same person. 
392 cannot say whether not this true. 
392 but can say that the very least vlad knows the person behind the limetless screen name. 
392 can also say that limetless knows several members the current administration. 
392 vlad assisted any them laundering money knows them too. 
392 the cell running silk road has been compromised. 
392 the breach irreperable. 
392 all smileys horses and all smileys men aint bringing humpty out the cold again. 
393 got the deposit bitcoin page and have been given multiple deposit addresses. 
393 can someone please help how deposit cash this address. 
394 pretty lame wait that long actually make that statement nothing worry about working filing for bankruptcy. 
395 wondering anyone knows for fact. 
396 thanks for that but thats lot stuff barely get think ill just with the dvd drive cuz itll probably benefit with other things too. 
396 checked prices and can get one for pretty affordable price. 
396 would have any suggestions something. 
397 understand correctly gox have been letting coins out the hackers over many years this will have caused inflation the actual btc circulation would the surface things those coins stolen will have undoubtedly been sold other exchanges bringing the prices down does this mean now see those coins are gone the long run there actually much less coins circulation that people first perceived. 
397 which case can expect rise price the supply demand criteria. 
398 shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express today modify removewell looks like today the day shit hits the fan with your goldenboy. 
398 clu wtf why did you not listen the concerns the ever increasing number vendors who kept saying was problem you can tell fuck myself because thats better than being constantly fucked hereas for you stealth people complained about many many threads saying was scammer only ignored and for you swan and defend this scammer. 
398 now all honest and already pissed vendors will left with all the fucking distrusti have all money tied escrow and did not care speak out the matterand delivered every single item without getting paid knew silk road would bounce back but noticed that when people did ask for support hard times they were ignored and mods were not answering more than questions day but now they can fucking answer sit sad see know ross would sick his core just many other vendors and buyers arei refused give but not after watching you impartial moderators tear into people the last couple days because they said was dangerous and scammer enough enoughlast night went agora the last thing wanted customers can still have full escrow seller dont even like seller customers are too quick lose trust. 
398 please please please please sort something out listen the people you are here moderate scammers can not left destroy this placere shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express reply today quoteim failing see how was scammer just because his list. 
398 shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express reply today modify removeits not the list clu ffs the shitstorm people has already conned coming have nothing against you clu but can you really not see this you search his name its showing scammer now today when everyone realises gone are going hearing hell lot more shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express reply today modify removewould you mind moving this back silk road discussion clu can definitely say not fkn off topic going the main topic here. 
399 experience any counterfiters here are full scam. 
399 you find some that are selling quatity passible notes for less then lets all know. 
399 seriously really want some fake bills get back some guys who sold some weak sihit and buying stuff with few hundo fakes would serve well. 
399 habe just never seen legiit currecy maker all days the edb. 
399 there wan liek one dude who had decent euros but tha wouldnt help. 
399 mean who doenst wanna spend for. 
399 please update this. 
400 from damiel march pmquote from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
400 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
400 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
400 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
400 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
400 thats cool shit love this. 
400 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers allhaha yea well guess you could release some then try the product and release the rest. 
400 but think its more for the sake making vendors and buyers comfortable and not require complete like lots other sites. 
400 the support bsm has recently told that they will chirp from time time the hub needed but will remain independent any forum identities for the most part. 
400 but that may change they grow who knows. 
400 what know that the best functioning market have ever used. 
401 pgp depends the generated keys random. 
401 they arent random its simple pie for someone decrypt your shit. 
401 opensourse the only way like mirage said. 
402 feel obligated post this here javascript cryptography considered harmful. 
402 com articles javascript cryptography and course rebuttal thoughts critiques javascript cryptography. 
402 this why dislike solutions like coinb. 
402 yes they are attractive cross platform solution help out people with issues with crypto programs not working. 
402 have personally read through the entire electrum codebase the best ability know that there are obvious backdoors. 
402 cannot say the same for that site altho think its likely not any way malicious. 
402 could poorly implemented however. 
402 think better solution may implement mozilla compatable javascript add. 
402 this would able vetted and verified and work across large number systems. 
402 org webcryptoapi standardized and implemented would make much much easier this task well. 
402 perhaps one these days will work such task. 
403 from ueoc march pmjavascript required. 
403 well yea but the application designed for you use locally your own machine. 
403 right click save page etc. 
403 you also imply that javascript bad but recommend using electrum bitcoind too much effort like saying its too much effort use pgp its never too much effort verify your funds but were glad you didnt imply that there arent free open sourced solutions availablei walked away soon saw. 
403 will test more secure machine later. 
403 works then great leaving aside the issues raised owockeznans links. 
403 probably being dense but dont really get your point here you also imply that javascript bad but recommend using electrum bitcoind imply very common attack vector used against people. 
403 not sure what that has with electrum bitcoind. 
404 hello looking make purchase from the site the hiddin wiki known black market. 
404 onion shop they said they have good comments hub forums thought make own post and see what you guys say any negatives scams postives good things theyve done for you let know also another site known the hiddin wiki greenpaper counterfeiters something like that also. 
404 onion again any negatives scams postives good things theyve done for you let know thank you for all your. 
405 updated post with the links the sites any results. 
406 from sunwu march pmthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
406 maybe they can download something that combines many different ideas like tor tails vpn brain wallet different markets data zerocoin nsa spying updates make your bad fuckin wish here now. 
406 which can all bootable usb jump drive does anyone feel rofl. 
407 from owockeznan march amtails thinking about switching away from claws back icedove but looks like thunderbird just full holes patched. 
407 org blueprint return icedove you can also read paper online which details the specifics the leaks. 
407 qdzm cannot suggest thunderbird this time for any secure email. 
407 one again must promote bote alternative regular email with the security that you desire. 
407 bote mail anonymous and secure gets. 
407 but order use both parties need the client installed and have bote accounts kinda limits acceptance and use since you cannot send receive from external email accounts. 
407 all messages are encrypted you not need use pgp bote still good idea though. 
408 thank you for these helpful responses. 
408 confess looked mailtor based upon only one thing the recommendation nightcrawler forums. 
408 since then nightcrawler who seemed security tech guru most knowledgeable and helpful has abruptly disappeared. 
408 which may mean something may mean nothing. 
408 will peruse the axa guide. 
409 having great experience agora far. 
409 everything seems work well and quickly. 
410 from evilgrin march pmquote from sunwu march amquote from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
410 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
410 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
410 was asking people program such this would posible but havent gotten any answers. 
410 surely there way this could work. 
410 like how limewire had shared folder that shared the data that folder across the network. 
410 like said would work. 
410 but who would download even with limewire you have legal uses with file sharingbut for the market its sole use would use market that sells drugs. 
410 who would take the risk load this onto their computer could develop and doesnt matter how much customers would trust would advise them not trust someone much haha. 
411 from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
411 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
411 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
412 from sunwu march amquote from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
412 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
412 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
412 was asking people program such this would posible but havent gotten any answers. 
412 surely there way this could work. 
412 like how limewire had shared folder that shared the data that folder across the network. 
413 from sunwu march pmquote from evilgrin march pmquote from sunwu march amquote from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
413 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
413 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
413 was asking people program such this would posible but havent gotten any answers. 
413 surely there way this could work. 
413 like how limewire had shared folder that shared the data that folder across the network. 
413 like said would work. 
413 but who would download even with limewire you have legal uses with file sharingbut for the market its sole use would use market that sells drugs. 
413 who would take the risk load this onto their computer could develop and doesnt matter how much customers would trust would advise them not trust someone much hahawell people use the idea people arent stupid enough use obviously false. 
413 but youre talking about the possibility contains virus guess would have trusted just like the markets are trusted not rob everyone. 
413 was possible code something like this all the problems are having could overcome. 
414 dont ever rely solely vpn. 
415 multibit works for. 
415 how about you. 
416 all them mtgox are scum. 
416 glad mtgox dead. 
416 now the btc community can move forward and the coin can. 
417 tails thinking about switching away from claws back icedove but looks like thunderbird just full holes patched. 
417 org blueprint return icedove you can also read paper online which details the specifics the leaks. 
417 qdzm cannot suggest thunderbird this time for any secure email. 
417 one again must promote bote alternative regular email with the security that you desire. 
418 recently broke members and nearing listings. 
418 are giving away remaining free vendor accounts which will put before begin charging for new vendor accounts and pruning inactive free accounts. 
418 are working data sharing partnership with darklist that already enabled our side listing products our site you can opt program where your public key and listings are automatically added their new multi market product listing search giving your products free exposure without any extra work. 
418 you have any questions please contact our help desk visit our forums. 
419 yeah ive seen this site and wonder how legit. 
420 either way scam. 
420 new owners not. 
420 why bother anymore cut your losses. 
420 learn hard lesson and move. 
421 from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
422 nope but hangn. 
422 but longer drink the green camel yep pending bal paid mar. 
423 pretty lame wait that long actually make that statement nothing worry about working filing for bankruptcy. 
424 wondering anyone knows for fact. 
425 thanks for that but thats lot stuff barely get think ill just with the dvd drive cuz itll probably benefit with other things too. 
425 checked prices and can get one for pretty affordable price. 
425 would have any suggestions something. 
426 understand correctly gox have been letting coins out the hackers over many years this will have caused inflation the actual btc circulation would the surface things those coins stolen will have undoubtedly been sold other exchanges bringing the prices down does this mean now see those coins are gone the long run there actually much less coins circulation that people first perceived. 
426 which case can expect rise price the supply demand criteria. 
427 shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express today modify removewell looks like today the day shit hits the fan with your goldenboy. 
427 clu wtf why did you not listen the concerns the ever increasing number vendors who kept saying was problem you can tell fuck myself because thats better than being constantly fucked hereas for you stealth people complained about many many threads saying was scammer only ignored and for you swan and defend this scammer. 
427 now all honest and already pissed vendors will left with all the fucking distrusti have all money tied escrow and did not care speak out the matterand delivered every single item without getting paid knew silk road would bounce back but noticed that when people did ask for support hard times they were ignored and mods were not answering more than questions day but now they can fucking answer sit sad see know ross would sick his core just many other vendors and buyers arei refused give but not after watching you impartial moderators tear into people the last couple days because they said was dangerous and scammer enough enoughlast night went agora the last thing wanted customers can still have full escrow seller dont even like seller customers are too quick lose trust. 
427 please please please please sort something out listen the people you are here moderate scammers can not left destroy this placere shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express reply today quoteim failing see how was scammer just because his list. 
427 shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express reply today modify removeits not the list clu ffs the shitstorm people has already conned coming have nothing against you clu but can you really not see this you search his name its showing scammer now today when everyone realises gone are going hearing hell lot more shame you clu and stealth promoting honolulu express reply today modify removewould you mind moving this back silk road discussion clu can definitely say not fkn off topic going the main topic here. 
428 experience any counterfiters here are full scam. 
428 you find some that are selling quatity passible notes for less then lets all know. 
428 seriously really want some fake bills get back some guys who sold some weak sihit and buying stuff with few hundo fakes would serve well. 
428 habe just never seen legiit currecy maker all days the edb. 
428 there wan liek one dude who had decent euros but tha wouldnt help. 
428 mean who doenst wanna spend for. 
428 please update this. 
429 from damiel march pmquote from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
429 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
429 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
429 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
429 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
429 thats cool shit love this. 
429 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers allhaha yea well guess you could release some then try the product and release the rest. 
429 but think its more for the sake making vendors and buyers comfortable and not require complete like lots other sites. 
429 the support bsm has recently told that they will chirp from time time the hub needed but will remain independent any forum identities for the most part. 
429 but that may change they grow who knows. 
429 what know that the best functioning market have ever used. 
430 pgp depends the generated keys random. 
430 they arent random its simple pie for someone decrypt your shit. 
430 opensourse the only way like mirage said. 
431 feel obligated post this here javascript cryptography considered harmful. 
431 com articles javascript cryptography and course rebuttal thoughts critiques javascript cryptography. 
431 this why dislike solutions like coinb. 
431 yes they are attractive cross platform solution help out people with issues with crypto programs not working. 
431 have personally read through the entire electrum codebase the best ability know that there are obvious backdoors. 
431 cannot say the same for that site altho think its likely not any way malicious. 
431 could poorly implemented however. 
431 think better solution may implement mozilla compatable javascript add. 
431 this would able vetted and verified and work across large number systems. 
431 org webcryptoapi standardized and implemented would make much much easier this task well. 
431 perhaps one these days will work such task. 
432 from ueoc march pmjavascript required. 
432 well yea but the application designed for you use locally your own machine. 
432 right click save page etc. 
432 you also imply that javascript bad but recommend using electrum bitcoind too much effort like saying its too much effort use pgp its never too much effort verify your funds but were glad you didnt imply that there arent free open sourced solutions availablei walked away soon saw. 
432 will test more secure machine later. 
432 works then great leaving aside the issues raised owockeznans links. 
432 probably being dense but dont really get your point here you also imply that javascript bad but recommend using electrum bitcoind imply very common attack vector used against people. 
432 not sure what that has with electrum bitcoind. 
433 hello looking make purchase from the site the hiddin wiki known black market. 
433 onion shop they said they have good comments hub forums thought make own post and see what you guys say any negatives scams postives good things theyve done for you let know also another site known the hiddin wiki greenpaper counterfeiters something like that also. 
433 onion again any negatives scams postives good things theyve done for you let know thank you for all your. 
434 updated post with the links the sites any results. 
435 from sunwu march pmthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
435 maybe they can download something that combines many different ideas like tor tails vpn brain wallet different markets data zerocoin nsa spying updates make your bad fuckin wish here now. 
435 which can all bootable usb jump drive does anyone feel rofl. 
436 from owockeznan march amtails thinking about switching away from claws back icedove but looks like thunderbird just full holes patched. 
436 org blueprint return icedove you can also read paper online which details the specifics the leaks. 
436 qdzm cannot suggest thunderbird this time for any secure email. 
436 one again must promote bote alternative regular email with the security that you desire. 
436 bote mail anonymous and secure gets. 
436 but order use both parties need the client installed and have bote accounts kinda limits acceptance and use since you cannot send receive from external email accounts. 
436 all messages are encrypted you not need use pgp bote still good idea though. 
437 thank you for these helpful responses. 
437 confess looked mailtor based upon only one thing the recommendation nightcrawler forums. 
437 since then nightcrawler who seemed security tech guru most knowledgeable and helpful has abruptly disappeared. 
437 which may mean something may mean nothing. 
437 will peruse the axa guide. 
438 having great experience agora far. 
438 everything seems work well and quickly. 
439 from evilgrin march pmquote from sunwu march amquote from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
439 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
439 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
439 was asking people program such this would posible but havent gotten any answers. 
439 surely there way this could work. 
439 like how limewire had shared folder that shared the data that folder across the network. 
439 like said would work. 
439 but who would download even with limewire you have legal uses with file sharingbut for the market its sole use would use market that sells drugs. 
439 who would take the risk load this onto their computer could develop and doesnt matter how much customers would trust would advise them not trust someone much haha. 
440 from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
440 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
440 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
441 from sunwu march amquote from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
441 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
441 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
441 was asking people program such this would posible but havent gotten any answers. 
441 surely there way this could work. 
441 like how limewire had shared folder that shared the data that folder across the network. 
442 from sunwu march pmquote from evilgrin march pmquote from sunwu march amquote from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
442 itthis would possible every vendor and buyer would willing download program specific their market. 
442 think the consensuses trust between such parties download and run such software their computer solely for the purchase and sale drugs will never come into reality. 
442 was asking people program such this would posible but havent gotten any answers. 
442 surely there way this could work. 
442 like how limewire had shared folder that shared the data that folder across the network. 
442 like said would work. 
442 but who would download even with limewire you have legal uses with file sharingbut for the market its sole use would use market that sells drugs. 
442 who would take the risk load this onto their computer could develop and doesnt matter how much customers would trust would advise them not trust someone much hahawell people use the idea people arent stupid enough use obviously false. 
442 but youre talking about the possibility contains virus guess would have trusted just like the markets are trusted not rob everyone. 
442 was possible code something like this all the problems are having could overcome. 
443 dont ever rely solely vpn. 
444 multibit works for. 
444 how about you. 
445 all them mtgox are scum. 
445 glad mtgox dead. 
445 now the btc community can move forward and the coin can. 
446 tails thinking about switching away from claws back icedove but looks like thunderbird just full holes patched. 
446 org blueprint return icedove you can also read paper online which details the specifics the leaks. 
446 qdzm cannot suggest thunderbird this time for any secure email. 
446 one again must promote bote alternative regular email with the security that you desire. 
447 recently broke members and nearing listings. 
447 are giving away remaining free vendor accounts which will put before begin charging for new vendor accounts and pruning inactive free accounts. 
447 are working data sharing partnership with darklist that already enabled our side listing products our site you can opt program where your public key and listings are automatically added their new multi market product listing search giving your products free exposure without any extra work. 
447 you have any questions please contact our help desk visit our forums. 
448 yeah ive seen this site and wonder how legit. 
449 either way scam. 
449 new owners not. 
449 why bother anymore cut your losses. 
449 learn hard lesson and move. 
450 from bitbybit february pmquote from evilgrin february pmthis precisely how the next generation darkent markets need designed. 
451 nope but hangn. 
451 but longer drink the green camel yep pending bal paid mar. 
452 think the kgb would manage what snowden releases the public. 
452 saying the nsa has cracked pgp may help them people dont bother use use something else that can cracked. 
452 its bit odd but why not. 
452 also tell the public that the nsa having diffculty with tor you keep using and they can gather intel. 
452 tor was developed the navy. 
452 that doesnt throw big red flag dont know what will. 
452 open source the way you can peer reviewed and not trust xyz the right thing. 
452 just look the enigma code and the fact that facilities like cern exist not long shot super power has vast amounts computer power available them. 
452 you encrypt with xyz sure the nsa kgb and whatever chinas intel agency dept can decrypt quite easily. 
452 really doubt its beyond them. 
452 doubt anything available the public and has been for some time hasnt been cracked various intel agencies. 
452 you are truely paranoid use temp. 
452 and use the best level pgp your message. 
453 from turtletime march amwhat ever happened ddw last checked the site was also there updated list all markets when did have few downtimes the past month due high traffic until got new servers and the most updated list you can find here. 
453 com updated llist hidden marketplaces tor. 
454 first time hear this. 
454 can you access now. 
455 from turtletime march amquote from deepdotweb march amfirst time hear this. 
455 can you access now quotenot foundthe requested url updated llist hidden marketplaces tor was not found this server. 
455 additionally not found error was encountered while trying use errordocument handle the request. 
455 same shit have been getting for days. 
455 you blocking exit nodes something nope. 
455 large portion traffic using tor with issue. 
455 weird must some caching issue your side sending you want try debug this. 
456 cool thanks for the info. 
456 wonder the buyers option blue sky lock order the current bitcoin rate could also hedged for example btc place and order and lock and the time deposit btc theyre worth. 
456 assuming the vendor only gets the rate with hedging that word beginning when the btc are escrowed. 
457 from blackstar march amquote from damiel march pmquote from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
457 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
457 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
457 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
457 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
457 thats cool shit love this. 
457 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers allhaha yea well guess you could release some then try the product and release the rest. 
457 but think its more for the sake making vendors and buyers comfortable and not require complete like lots other sites. 
457 the support bsm has recently told that they will chirp from time time the hub needed but will remain independent any forum identities for the most part. 
457 but that may change they grow who knows. 
457 what know that the best functioning market have ever used. 
457 thanks appreciate the explanation. 
457 wonder some vendors will require partial blue sky market buyer firmly entrenched the never ever ever camp. 
457 but given the inherent risks vendors escrow based markets can see partial policy pretty fair for everyone. 
458 mirage saw the road that you posted help for possibly setting tails new macbook pro with mavericks and was deleted can you help. 
459 pandora down wont load for. 
460 let mine few more bitcoins can become millionaire overnight. 
461 from mycarneedstint march pmeither way scam. 
461 new owners not. 
461 why bother anymore cut your losses. 
461 learn hard lesson and move. 
461 not return indeed. 
462 the current scenario follows when buyer builds order and hits proceed with order post which theyre taken page where they see the breakdown the fees shipping total order price and then they enter their address which gets encrypted for the vendor. 
462 right here where the proposed changes would implemented the buyer will then need enter public key their portion the multi sig transaction. 
462 the vendor would have choice enter multiple public keys advance otherwise theyll asked enter one after receiving the order when they choose finalize early escrow during the process sale. 
462 once the vendor has provided public key the public key will automatically generated and the final multisig address and the trasaction details will sent everyone the address the amount that needs sent the redeemscript they can verify encodes all the correct details double check regardless whether the payment finalize early escrow the will then poll blockchain. 
462 info for payments that address. 
462 once the full amount paid then the order marked paid all users are messaged link page that shows the generated transaction paying the vendor the full amount minus the fees raw transaction spending all the transactions sent the multisg address and sent the vendor one output. 
462 everyone will shown the transaction paying the vendor. 
462 the buyer for some reason choses raise dispute then all involved users will start multi party discussion the order and the admin will then generate new transaction based the outcome the the dispute will pay both either parties the appropriate amount for the order. 
462 but all successful with the order which should most the time then one the buyer will sign the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction. 
462 after which the user party will then sign the transaction and broadcast where will identified when makes into the blockchain network via the blockchain api. 
462 break down the vendor and buyer both have supply their public keys for that transaction either advance when their action needed during order this would involve entering address selecting escrow. 
462 they need add the multisig address their client using bitcoinqt using one command and then sign using another. 
462 they can also verify the redeemscript transaction hex that the details are correct using their client else online using. 
462 inso buyers vendors will need enter their public keys manually advance. 
462 they can generate them their browsers using. 
462 multisig though will suggesting people download offline copy this site codes because means once funds are sent the multisig address the two users can add the signature transactions the browser without having use any other desktop client. 
462 its really that simple folks could use. 
462 organyway having users supplying them the browser probably the best thing until bip supported most clients which currently not bitcoin and electrum are definitely going use bip the foreseeable future thats for then. 
462 but thats another milestone long after multisig goes soon and will worked separate update. 
462 how does this sound does the process sound like something you folks can easily adapt think becomes pretty there are only actions the buyers vendors need. 
462 would one less step when automate key generation during registration. 
462 guess small inconvinience but thats small price pay for absolute security for all coins. 
462 more worrying about markets heists all transactions occur the blockchain and are only considered valid when broadcasted into blockchain. 
462 which means even the site run down attacker they simply cant run off with any coins. 
462 also there unexpected downtime the admin goes awol the buyer and vendor have their own public keys can try negotiate another channel sort out their funds themselves. 
462 now all goes good with the last few implementation tests should have this implemented another week two and see things work out. 
463 hello our market now available english german and french language. 
464 this conversation few weeks old but think needs revisiting since nonsensical. 
464 most obviously signing new identity with old one the suggests renders the change useless. 
464 you have linked the two proving continuity character important concept this anonymous world. 
464 perhaps the only people buyers can place some trust are the vendors who supply them with goods and services. 
464 finding acceptable vendor can take many tries and involves the greatest exposure the entire process. 
464 sending your name and address multiple strangers hopes inconspicuous package arriving risky. 
464 finding vendor you trust whatever extent valuable and convienent. 
464 the aim changing identities would break continuity character and distance ones self from past transactions. 
464 thus reputation must built from the ground frusturating buyers and the seller. 
464 the utility minimal. 
464 sizeable operation will matter weeks have shipped enough drugs put them jail for life just the same operation that has been continuous for years. 
464 unless seller changes identity near monthly basis and disregards reputation and customer loyalty alltogether business suicide changing keys useless. 
464 barring any material comprimise security venders have their best interest maintain continuity character for years. 
465 locked out too just placed order too est. 
466 wow thats spooky. 
466 same topic title. 
466 yeah bro cant get. 
466 was using earlier but its not working now. 
467 pandora forum working post the link the forum please. 
469 looks like some graphic from dhs webinar like how identify cyber terrorists. 
469 these desperate people hide behind the anonymity their computers and plot acts lunatic violence that threaten peace justice and the american way. 
469 they must stopped for our childrens sake think better logo would something bit more aquarian they say tank girl. 
469 like some nice geometry something. 
470 from cornelius march ami have idea what their intended business model bitcoin altcoin awareness intro mlm type referral reward system and maybe couple other different strategies they grow. 
471 alice just opened thread the forum explaining why pandora down. 
471 will again max hours. 
472 agora down too. 
473 from gwern march amquote from honeyray february pmfull backup can found here the download section. 
473 clearnet can vouch for the safety the rar file. 
473 the stexo backup the silk road forum believed incomplete. 
473 additionally its almost impossible sort through without some kind index the vast majority the threads are labeled numerically. 
474 ive released couple guides onto the marketplace over the course the past week obviously trust has been issue seeing how the market completely over saturated with copy pasta guides full outdated materials. 
474 ive given out few free copies personally developed method making quick cash physical fraud guide mixed reviews seems misjudged the marketplace when thought that people would jump the opportunity pick hand tailored method for performing physical fraud when reality most users want hang out their computer monitor carding all day fair enough its good money. 
474 here reinvent myself fix this trust issue regarding the originality guides and generate some positive feedback around committing physical fraud which itself easy enough. 
474 just takes some misdirection smooth talking and calm composure. 
474 now offering consultation cashout guides well the original methods ive developed. 
474 these methods are usa only with emphasis washington colorado california and new jersey. 
474 general consultation topics hand tailored unique credit card cashout method how build legitimate credit fast with little effort legally shoplifting techniques different material than the clearnet guides available for free guarantee how hit your mark tips for misdirection smooth talking and how keep your coolfor the time being there are listings. 
474 onion item physical fraud consultation. 
474 btc per session. 
474 onion item stans custom btc cashout guide. 
474 onion item shoplifting high end clothing with equipment. 
474 onion item physical fraud basics custom developed method commit fraud profitably. 
474 btcand unlisted now still gauging interest but offering package deal. 
474 btc private consulting sessions all guides posted above well any release the future direct line communication with trustworthy professional experienced performing physical fraud youve got any wip scams ideas that need finishing happy give hand. 
474 any and all who might interested. 
474 first ten customers will get off their orders move quick please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
475 what batcomputer cant even figure this shit out dude. 
475 make more sense. 
476 what ever happened ddw last checked the site was also there updated list all markets. 
477 dont know was yesterday the day before but seemed like every time tried was. 
477 was trying links for lists markets pgp guides bunch things. 
477 could access anything all day. 
477 looked your subreddit see there was any news but none. 
478 from deepdotweb march amfirst time hear this. 
478 can you access now quotenot foundthe requested url updated llist hidden marketplaces tor was not found this server. 
478 additionally not found error was encountered while trying use errordocument handle the request. 
478 same shit have been getting for days. 
478 you blocking exit nodes something. 
479 comto change this page upload new index. 
479 html your private html folder. 
480 had started this thread before and its gone now. 
480 anyway heres link again. 
480 php register party. 
481 from february pmjust add this admin are preparing status update the situation over the next couple days which should add clarity the situation. 
481 keep eye the main board over the latter half the weekend. 
481 just looked over the boards and the latter half the weekend has passed. 
481 let guess something more important came and itll another few days trying really hard believe yall but youre making increasingly difficult. 
482 you cant just install truecrypt the and create encrypted file are you trying whole disk encryption dont think that will work. 
482 make sure you are trying this with truecrypt for not truecrypt for osx. 
483 well the conspiracy theorists keep banging about the nwo illumanti etc and the one world currency. 
483 weve already seen the shortcommings gold gold backed fiat fiat. 
483 the world reserve currency the usd and well thats only backed trust and opec already tried and failed switch the euro. 
483 could bitcoin the world currency its interesting that governments the world have not outright banned yet and just see another commodity. 
483 bitcoin veiled way get them their own world currency and then sell chip put your body you have the most secure method store bitcoin wallet youd use rfid communicate with the chip. 
483 makes you think tho your finances could drained etc unscruplous parties. 
483 guess can only hope that the cts hack the chip and publish that its not trusted. 
483 and their results can easily repeated. 
483 the end near once google paypal etc legitmise bitcoin for the mainstream the wider majority are happy give their liberties for facebook and google gmail why not put rfid bitcoin wallet your body. 
483 just cents guess. 
483 even though have nfi joing the dots with crazy conspiracy theories. 
483 not smoking pot right now. 
484 any one else having problems getting pandora. 
485 just transferred over coins too. 
486 believe not the nsa definitely data mining the blockchain and using connect your called anonymity you. 
486 perhaps could that they are worried about being able use sets repeated data for user able crack your private key. 
487 have read that says ships from usa but people who have received their orders confirmed actually ships from canada. 
487 personally deal breaker for. 
488 from blackstar march amquote from damiel march pmquote from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
488 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
488 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
488 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
488 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
488 thats cool shit love this. 
488 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers allhaha yea well guess you could release some then try the product and release the rest. 
488 but think its more for the sake making vendors and buyers comfortable and not require complete like lots other sites. 
488 the support bsm has recently told that they will chirp from time time the hub needed but will remain independent any forum identities for the most part. 
488 but that may change they grow who knows. 
488 what know that the best functioning market have ever used. 
488 thanks appreciate the explanation. 
488 wonder some vendors will require partial blue sky market buyer firmly entrenched the never ever ever camp. 
488 but given the inherent risks vendors escrow based markets can see partial policy pretty fair for everyone. 
489 what ever happened ddw last checked the site was also there updated list all markets. 
490 dont know was yesterday the day before but seemed like every time tried was. 
490 was trying links for lists markets pgp guides bunch things. 
490 could access anything all day. 
490 looked your subreddit see there was any news but none. 
491 from deepdotweb march amfirst time hear this. 
491 can you access now quotenot foundthe requested url updated llist hidden marketplaces tor was not found this server. 
491 additionally not found error was encountered while trying use errordocument handle the request. 
491 same shit have been getting for days. 
491 you blocking exit nodes something. 
492 comto change this page upload new index. 
492 html your private html folder. 
493 had started this thread before and its gone now. 
493 anyway heres link again. 
493 php register party. 
494 pandora down wont load for. 
495 welcome jor please. 
495 verified the hub. 
496 from mycarneedstint march pmeither way scam. 
496 new owners not. 
496 why bother anymore cut your losses. 
496 learn hard lesson and move. 
496 not return indeed. 
497 just made purchase and the vendor wanted but had wait until shipped first. 
497 the site down and money gone and the vendor cant contacted now. 
497 fuck this shit. 
497 shouldve just stayed with. 
498 ive released couple guides onto the marketplace over the course the past week obviously trust has been issue seeing how the market completely over saturated with copy pasta guides full outdated materials. 
498 ive given out few free copies personally developed method making quick cash physical fraud guide mixed reviews seems misjudged the marketplace when thought that people would jump the opportunity pick hand tailored method for performing physical fraud when reality most users want hang out their computer monitor carding all day fair enough its good money. 
498 here reinvent myself fix this trust issue regarding the originality guides and generate some positive feedback around committing physical fraud which itself easy enough. 
498 just takes some misdirection smooth talking and calm composure. 
498 now offering consultation cashout guides well the original methods ive developed. 
498 these methods are usa only with emphasis washington colorado california and new jersey. 
498 general consultation topics hand tailored unique credit card cashout method how build legitimate credit fast with little effort legally shoplifting techniques different material than the clearnet guides available for free guarantee how hit your mark tips for misdirection smooth talking and how keep your coolfor the time being there are listings. 
498 onion item physical fraud consultation. 
498 btc per session. 
498 onion item stans custom btc cashout guide. 
498 onion item shoplifting high end clothing with equipment. 
498 onion item physical fraud basics custom developed method commit fraud profitably. 
498 btcand unlisted now still gauging interest but offering package deal. 
498 btc private consulting sessions all guides posted above well any release the future direct line communication with trustworthy professional experienced performing physical fraud youve got any wip scams ideas that need finishing happy give hand. 
498 any and all who might interested. 
498 first ten customers will get off their orders move quick please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
499 site has recently started offering free daily cryptocoins clearnet. 
499 com abb ctheyre offering bitcoin litecoin feathercoin fedoracoin earthcoin and infinitecoin with tiered bonuses for referrals the link above own referral one. 
499 have idea what their intended business model and should probably warn you that some functions their site require javascript including logon. 
500 yes its down tried said unable connect. 
501 from gwern march amquote from honeyray february pmfull backup can found here the download section. 
501 clearnet can vouch for the safety the rar file. 
501 the stexo backup the silk road forum believed incomplete. 
501 additionally its almost impossible sort through without some kind index the vast majority the threads are labeled numerically. 
502 from lila march pmim using virtual box mac and want encrypt the virtual machine from inside the machine. 
502 any ideas sure problem. 
502 you will need install virtual dvd your windows when you install truecrypt thinks you are burning backup the header information dvd. 
502 create the and install windows. 
502 download install then setup free virtual dvd program. 
502 download install then run truecrypt pick the option encrypt your windows drive when asked burn backup the header use the virtual dvdsearch for majiciso free virtual dvd program for windows. 
502 might less work use encryption program store the files rather then use truecrypt inside the windows. 
503 alice has just responded with the following message from alice march pmworking for some time already but give about more hour almost ready. 
503 medium technical difficulties. 
503 downtime about hours now. 
503 need probably about more hour. 
503 balances orders escrow etc. 
503 affected just technical issues with downtime. 
503 got probably some legitimate huge traffic site working pandora which going fast but will probably have make hot fix program for less loading time and for better server performance current version pandora. 
503 sorry for that and thank you for patience. 
503 all good was freaking out for bit lola. 
504 its freaking out. 
504 warning message nothing. 
505 create fully encrypted usb thumb drive and put the and virtualbox that. 
505 then encrypted and everything thumb drive. 
505 that achieves the same goal roughly. 
506 using virtual box mac and want encrypt the virtual machine from inside the machine. 
507 mirage saw the road that you posted help for possibly setting tails new macbook pro with mavericks and was deleted can you help. 
508 have read that says ships from usa but people who have received their orders confirmed actually ships from canada. 
508 personally deal breaker for. 
509 will using the hub annouce monthly rolling our pgp subkey. 
509 public notice change sub key. 
509 msg msg please import our pgp key copied below this once you this your keychain will updated from now will doing this rouhgly once month. 
509 are future proofing this cryptographic aspect our opsec will mean one not even will able decrypt old encrypted messages once move new subkey whilst maintaining our identity. 
509 this will mean that you need reimport our pgp key about once month which some work but worth feel. 
509 are doing this having read this post how change your pgp encryption sub keys without changing your pgp key. 
509 the event that all our encrypted messages from any site have somehow been stored third party there will only week window messages that can compromised are arrested and our hardware somehow compromised once this comes into effect weeks clearnet but what need thinking about. 
509 com can currently found pgp upto date. 
509 onionpgp upto date. 
509 onionold pgp cant update profile due bug. 
509 onionmore updates come. 
510 agora down too. 
511 alice just opened thread the forum explaining why pandora down. 
511 will again max hours. 
512 fact youre idiot for using begin with. 
513 any one else having problems getting pandora. 
514 just transferred over coins too. 
515 think the kgb would manage what snowden releases the public. 
515 saying the nsa has cracked pgp may help them people dont bother use use something else that can cracked. 
515 its bit odd but why not. 
515 also tell the public that the nsa having diffculty with tor you keep using and they can gather intel. 
515 tor was developed the navy. 
515 that doesnt throw big red flag dont know what will. 
515 open source the way you can peer reviewed and not trust xyz the right thing. 
515 just look the enigma code and the fact that facilities like cern exist not long shot super power has vast amounts computer power available them. 
515 you encrypt with xyz sure the nsa kgb and whatever chinas intel agency dept can decrypt quite easily. 
515 really doubt its beyond them. 
515 doubt anything available the public and has been for some time hasnt been cracked various intel agencies. 
515 you are truely paranoid use temp. 
515 and use the best level pgp your message. 
516 you cant just install truecrypt the and create encrypted file are you trying whole disk encryption dont think that will work. 
516 make sure you are trying this with truecrypt for not truecrypt for osx. 
517 what ever happened ddw last checked the site was also there updated list all markets. 
518 dont know was yesterday the day before but seemed like every time tried was. 
518 was trying links for lists markets pgp guides bunch things. 
518 could access anything all day. 
518 looked your subreddit see there was any news but none. 
519 from deepdotweb march amfirst time hear this. 
519 can you access now quotenot foundthe requested url updated llist hidden marketplaces tor was not found this server. 
519 additionally not found error was encountered while trying use errordocument handle the request. 
519 same shit have been getting for days. 
519 you blocking exit nodes something. 
520 comto change this page upload new index. 
520 html your private html folder. 
521 this conversation few weeks old but think needs revisiting since nonsensical. 
521 most obviously signing new identity with old one the suggests renders the change useless. 
521 you have linked the two proving continuity character important concept this anonymous world. 
521 perhaps the only people buyers can place some trust are the vendors who supply them with goods and services. 
521 finding acceptable vendor can take many tries and involves the greatest exposure the entire process. 
521 sending your name and address multiple strangers hopes inconspicuous package arriving risky. 
521 finding vendor you trust whatever extent valuable and convienent. 
521 the aim changing identities would break continuity character and distance ones self from past transactions. 
521 thus reputation must built from the ground frusturating buyers and the seller. 
521 the utility minimal. 
521 sizeable operation will matter weeks have shipped enough drugs put them jail for life just the same operation that has been continuous for years. 
521 unless seller changes identity near monthly basis and disregards reputation and customer loyalty alltogether business suicide changing keys useless. 
521 barring any material comprimise security venders have their best interest maintain continuity character for years. 
522 had started this thread before and its gone now. 
522 anyway heres link again. 
522 php register party. 
523 what batcomputer cant even figure this shit out dude. 
523 make more sense. 
524 looks like some graphic from dhs webinar like how identify cyber terrorists. 
524 these desperate people hide behind the anonymity their computers and plot acts lunatic violence that threaten peace justice and the american way. 
524 they must stopped for our childrens sake think better logo would something bit more aquarian they say tank girl. 
524 like some nice geometry something. 
525 pandora down wont load for. 
526 using virtual box mac and want encrypt the virtual machine from inside the machine. 
527 just made purchase and the vendor wanted but had wait until shipped first. 
527 the site down and money gone and the vendor cant contacted now. 
527 fuck this shit. 
527 shouldve just stayed with. 
528 fact youre idiot for using begin with. 
529 create fully encrypted usb thumb drive and put the and virtualbox that. 
529 then encrypted and everything thumb drive. 
529 that achieves the same goal roughly. 
530 from gwern march amquote from honeyray february pmfull backup can found here the download section. 
530 clearnet can vouch for the safety the rar file. 
530 the stexo backup the silk road forum believed incomplete. 
530 additionally its almost impossible sort through without some kind index the vast majority the threads are labeled numerically. 
531 locked out too just placed order too est. 
532 pandora forum working post the link the forum please. 
533 wow thats spooky. 
533 same topic title. 
533 yeah bro cant get. 
533 was using earlier but its not working now. 
534 from cornelius march ami have idea what their intended business model bitcoin altcoin awareness intro mlm type referral reward system and maybe couple other different strategies they grow. 
535 site has recently started offering free daily cryptocoins clearnet. 
535 com abb ctheyre offering bitcoin litecoin feathercoin fedoracoin earthcoin and infinitecoin with tiered bonuses for referrals the link above own referral one. 
535 have idea what their intended business model and should probably warn you that some functions their site require javascript including logon. 
536 its freaking out. 
536 warning message nothing. 
537 alice has just responded with the following message from alice march pmworking for some time already but give about more hour almost ready. 
537 medium technical difficulties. 
537 downtime about hours now. 
537 need probably about more hour. 
537 balances orders escrow etc. 
537 affected just technical issues with downtime. 
537 got probably some legitimate huge traffic site working pandora which going fast but will probably have make hot fix program for less loading time and for better server performance current version pandora. 
537 sorry for that and thank you for patience. 
537 all good was freaking out for bit lola. 
538 have read that says ships from usa but people who have received their orders confirmed actually ships from canada. 
538 personally deal breaker for. 
539 mirage saw the road that you posted help for possibly setting tails new macbook pro with mavericks and was deleted can you help. 
540 from lila march pmim using virtual box mac and want encrypt the virtual machine from inside the machine. 
540 any ideas sure problem. 
540 you will need install virtual dvd your windows when you install truecrypt thinks you are burning backup the header information dvd. 
540 create the and install windows. 
540 download install then setup free virtual dvd program. 
540 download install then run truecrypt pick the option encrypt your windows drive when asked burn backup the header use the virtual dvdsearch for majiciso free virtual dvd program for windows. 
540 might less work use encryption program store the files rather then use truecrypt inside the windows. 
541 will using the hub annouce monthly rolling our pgp subkey. 
541 public notice change sub key. 
541 msg msg please import our pgp key copied below this once you this your keychain will updated from now will doing this rouhgly once month. 
541 are future proofing this cryptographic aspect our opsec will mean one not even will able decrypt old encrypted messages once move new subkey whilst maintaining our identity. 
541 this will mean that you need reimport our pgp key about once month which some work but worth feel. 
541 are doing this having read this post how change your pgp encryption sub keys without changing your pgp key. 
541 the event that all our encrypted messages from any site have somehow been stored third party there will only week window messages that can compromised are arrested and our hardware somehow compromised once this comes into effect weeks clearnet but what need thinking about. 
541 com can currently found pgp upto date. 
541 onionpgp upto date. 
541 onionold pgp cant update profile due bug. 
541 onionmore updates come. 
542 wont publicly disclose who here but most you are very intelligent and can figure out. 
542 worked closely with advertising agency around february expose the war drugs and more broadly the war people. 
542 result this work ross finally got his arraignment date and more importantly the gears progress for humanity started moving the right direction. 
542 ive slowly been adding some the security posts this forum website attempt help people become more enlightened and aware. 
542 please for more information. 
542 for now the heresay and rumors regarding can put rest. 
542 ross really was dpr dpr probably and deservedly beach somewhere sipping mojitos many you have mentioned and the bitcoin heist was indeed result the transaction mallaebility exploit rather than elaborate yet totally illogical scheme run away with everyones money. 
542 your best support the team during this transitional period. 
542 confident that the leadership here focused serving everyone this community and believe wholeheartedly that together can steer this rocky ship into the horizon and towards freedom and liberty for all people. 
542 good day mates asootsoass. 
543 what batcomputer cant even figure this shit out dude. 
543 make more sense. 
544 what ever happened ddw last checked the site was also there updated list all markets. 
545 dont know was yesterday the day before but seemed like every time tried was. 
545 was trying links for lists markets pgp guides bunch things. 
545 could access anything all day. 
545 looked your subreddit see there was any news but none. 
546 from deepdotweb march amfirst time hear this. 
546 can you access now quotenot foundthe requested url updated llist hidden marketplaces tor was not found this server. 
546 additionally not found error was encountered while trying use errordocument handle the request. 
546 same shit have been getting for days. 
546 you blocking exit nodes something. 
547 had started this thread before and its gone now. 
547 anyway heres link again. 
547 php register party. 
548 yes its down tried said unable connect. 
549 from lila march pmim using virtual box mac and want encrypt the virtual machine from inside the machine. 
549 any ideas sure problem. 
549 you will need install virtual dvd your windows when you install truecrypt thinks you are burning backup the header information dvd. 
549 create the and install windows. 
549 download install then setup free virtual dvd program. 
549 download install then run truecrypt pick the option encrypt your windows drive when asked burn backup the header use the virtual dvdsearch for majiciso free virtual dvd program for windows. 
549 might less work use encryption program store the files rather then use truecrypt inside the windows. 
550 will using the hub annouce monthly rolling our pgp subkey. 
550 public notice change sub key. 
550 msg msg please import our pgp key copied below this once you this your keychain will updated from now will doing this rouhgly once month. 
550 are future proofing this cryptographic aspect our opsec will mean one not even will able decrypt old encrypted messages once move new subkey whilst maintaining our identity. 
550 this will mean that you need reimport our pgp key about once month which some work but worth feel. 
550 are doing this having read this post how change your pgp encryption sub keys without changing your pgp key. 
550 the event that all our encrypted messages from any site have somehow been stored third party there will only week window messages that can compromised are arrested and our hardware somehow compromised once this comes into effect weeks clearnet but what need thinking about. 
550 com can currently found pgp upto date. 
550 onionpgp upto date. 
550 onionold pgp cant update profile due bug. 
550 onionmore updates come. 
551 using virtual box mac and want encrypt the virtual machine from inside the machine. 
552 create fully encrypted usb thumb drive and put the and virtualbox that. 
552 then encrypted and everything thumb drive. 
552 that achieves the same goal roughly. 
553 fact youre idiot for using begin with. 
554 site has recently started offering free daily cryptocoins clearnet. 
554 com abb ctheyre offering bitcoin litecoin feathercoin fedoracoin earthcoin and infinitecoin with tiered bonuses for referrals the link above own referral one. 
554 have idea what their intended business model and should probably warn you that some functions their site require javascript including logon. 
555 alice has just responded with the following message from alice march pmworking for some time already but give about more hour almost ready. 
555 medium technical difficulties. 
555 downtime about hours now. 
555 need probably about more hour. 
555 balances orders escrow etc. 
555 affected just technical issues with downtime. 
555 got probably some legitimate huge traffic site working pandora which going fast but will probably have make hot fix program for less loading time and for better server performance current version pandora. 
555 sorry for that and thank you for patience. 
555 all good was freaking out for bit lola. 
556 its freaking out. 
556 warning message nothing. 
557 just made purchase and the vendor wanted but had wait until shipped first. 
557 the site down and money gone and the vendor cant contacted now. 
557 fuck this shit. 
557 shouldve just stayed with. 
558 yes its down tried said unable connect. 
559 welcome jor please. 
559 verified the hub. 
560 from honeyray february pmfull backup can found here the download section. 
560 clearnet can vouch for the safety the rar file. 
560 the stexo backup the silk road forum believed incomplete. 
561 think the kgb would manage what snowden releases the public. 
561 saying the nsa has cracked pgp may help them people dont bother use use something else that can cracked. 
561 its bit odd but why not. 
561 also tell the public that the nsa having diffculty with tor you keep using and they can gather intel. 
561 tor was developed the navy. 
561 that doesnt throw big red flag dont know what will. 
561 open source the way you can peer reviewed and not trust xyz the right thing. 
561 just look the enigma code and the fact that facilities like cern exist not long shot super power has vast amounts computer power available them. 
561 you encrypt with xyz sure the nsa kgb and whatever chinas intel agency dept can decrypt quite easily. 
561 really doubt its beyond them. 
561 doubt anything available the public and has been for some time hasnt been cracked various intel agencies. 
561 you are truely paranoid use temp. 
561 and use the best level pgp your message. 
562 from turtletime march amwhat ever happened ddw last checked the site was also there updated list all markets when did have few downtimes the past month due high traffic until got new servers and the most updated list you can find here. 
562 com updated llist hidden marketplaces tor. 
563 first time hear this. 
563 can you access now. 
564 from turtletime march amquote from deepdotweb march amfirst time hear this. 
564 can you access now quotenot foundthe requested url updated llist hidden marketplaces tor was not found this server. 
564 additionally not found error was encountered while trying use errordocument handle the request. 
564 same shit have been getting for days. 
564 you blocking exit nodes something nope. 
564 large portion traffic using tor with issue. 
564 weird must some caching issue your side sending you want try debug this. 
565 from february pmjust add this admin are preparing status update the situation over the next couple days which should add clarity the situation. 
565 keep eye the main board over the latter half the weekend. 
565 just looked over the boards and the latter half the weekend has passed. 
565 let guess something more important came and itll another few days trying really hard believe yall but youre making increasingly difficult. 
566 from turtletime march amwhat ever happened ddw last checked the site was also there updated list all markets when did have few downtimes the past month due high traffic until got new servers and the most updated list you can find here. 
566 com updated llist hidden marketplaces tor. 
567 first time hear this. 
567 can you access now. 
568 from turtletime march amquote from deepdotweb march amfirst time hear this. 
568 can you access now quotenot foundthe requested url updated llist hidden marketplaces tor was not found this server. 
568 additionally not found error was encountered while trying use errordocument handle the request. 
568 same shit have been getting for days. 
568 you blocking exit nodes something nope. 
568 large portion traffic using tor with issue. 
568 weird must some caching issue your side sending you want try debug this. 
569 pandora forum working post the link the forum please. 
570 let mine few more bitcoins can become millionaire overnight. 
571 locked out too just placed order too est. 
572 wow thats spooky. 
572 same topic title. 
572 yeah bro cant get. 
572 was using earlier but its not working now. 
573 well the conspiracy theorists keep banging about the nwo illumanti etc and the one world currency. 
573 weve already seen the shortcommings gold gold backed fiat fiat. 
573 the world reserve currency the usd and well thats only backed trust and opec already tried and failed switch the euro. 
573 could bitcoin the world currency its interesting that governments the world have not outright banned yet and just see another commodity. 
573 bitcoin veiled way get them their own world currency and then sell chip put your body you have the most secure method store bitcoin wallet youd use rfid communicate with the chip. 
573 makes you think tho your finances could drained etc unscruplous parties. 
573 guess can only hope that the cts hack the chip and publish that its not trusted. 
573 and their results can easily repeated. 
573 the end near once google paypal etc legitmise bitcoin for the mainstream the wider majority are happy give their liberties for facebook and google gmail why not put rfid bitcoin wallet your body. 
573 just cents guess. 
573 even though have nfi joing the dots with crazy conspiracy theories. 
573 not smoking pot right now. 
574 from cornelius march ami have idea what their intended business model bitcoin altcoin awareness intro mlm type referral reward system and maybe couple other different strategies they grow. 
575 from honeyray february pmfull backup can found here the download section. 
575 clearnet can vouch for the safety the rar file. 
575 the stexo backup the silk road forum believed incomplete. 
576 welcome jor please. 
576 verified the hub. 
577 cool thanks for the info. 
577 wonder the buyers option blue sky lock order the current bitcoin rate could also hedged for example btc place and order and lock and the time deposit btc theyre worth. 
577 assuming the vendor only gets the rate with hedging that word beginning when the btc are escrowed. 
578 the current scenario follows when buyer builds order and hits proceed with order post which theyre taken page where they see the breakdown the fees shipping total order price and then they enter their address which gets encrypted for the vendor. 
578 right here where the proposed changes would implemented the buyer will then need enter public key their portion the multi sig transaction. 
578 the vendor would have choice enter multiple public keys advance otherwise theyll asked enter one after receiving the order when they choose finalize early escrow during the process sale. 
578 once the vendor has provided public key the public key will automatically generated and the final multisig address and the trasaction details will sent everyone the address the amount that needs sent the redeemscript they can verify encodes all the correct details double check regardless whether the payment finalize early escrow the will then poll blockchain. 
578 info for payments that address. 
578 once the full amount paid then the order marked paid all users are messaged link page that shows the generated transaction paying the vendor the full amount minus the fees raw transaction spending all the transactions sent the multisg address and sent the vendor one output. 
578 everyone will shown the transaction paying the vendor. 
578 the buyer for some reason choses raise dispute then all involved users will start multi party discussion the order and the admin will then generate new transaction based the outcome the the dispute will pay both either parties the appropriate amount for the order. 
578 but all successful with the order which should most the time then one the buyer will sign the transaction and paste the partially signed transaction. 
578 after which the user party will then sign the transaction and broadcast where will identified when makes into the blockchain network via the blockchain api. 
578 break down the vendor and buyer both have supply their public keys for that transaction either advance when their action needed during order this would involve entering address selecting escrow. 
578 they need add the multisig address their client using bitcoinqt using one command and then sign using another. 
578 they can also verify the redeemscript transaction hex that the details are correct using their client else online using. 
578 inso buyers vendors will need enter their public keys manually advance. 
578 they can generate them their browsers using. 
578 multisig though will suggesting people download offline copy this site codes because means once funds are sent the multisig address the two users can add the signature transactions the browser without having use any other desktop client. 
578 its really that simple folks could use. 
578 organyway having users supplying them the browser probably the best thing until bip supported most clients which currently not bitcoin and electrum are definitely going use bip the foreseeable future thats for then. 
578 but thats another milestone long after multisig goes soon and will worked separate update. 
578 how does this sound does the process sound like something you folks can easily adapt think becomes pretty there are only actions the buyers vendors need. 
578 would one less step when automate key generation during registration. 
578 guess small inconvinience but thats small price pay for absolute security for all coins. 
578 more worrying about markets heists all transactions occur the blockchain and are only considered valid when broadcasted into blockchain. 
578 which means even the site run down attacker they simply cant run off with any coins. 
578 also there unexpected downtime the admin goes awol the buyer and vendor have their own public keys can try negotiate another channel sort out their funds themselves. 
578 now all goes good with the last few implementation tests should have this implemented another week two and see things work out. 
579 haven't seen this before but like lot. 
579 thanks for the link. 
580 wicked info buddy. 
581 ive released couple guides onto the marketplace over the course the past week obviously trust has been issue seeing how the market completely over saturated with copy pasta guides full outdated materials. 
581 ive given out few free copies personally developed method making quick cash physical fraud guide mixed reviews seems misjudged the marketplace when thought that people would jump the opportunity pick hand tailored method for performing physical fraud when reality most users want hang out their computer monitor carding all day fair enough its good money. 
581 here reinvent myself fix this trust issue regarding the originality guides and generate some positive feedback around committing physical fraud which itself easy enough. 
581 just takes some misdirection smooth talking and calm composure. 
581 now offering consultation cashout guides well the original methods ive developed. 
581 these methods are usa only with emphasis washington colorado california and new jersey. 
581 general consultation topics hand tailored unique credit card cashout method how build legitimate credit fast with little effort legally shoplifting techniques different material than the clearnet guides available for free guarantee how hit your mark tips for misdirection smooth talking and how keep your coolfor the time being there are listings. 
581 onion item physical fraud consultation. 
581 btc per session. 
581 onion item stans custom btc cashout guide. 
581 onion item shoplifting high end clothing with equipment. 
581 onion item physical fraud basics custom developed method commit fraud profitably. 
581 btcand unlisted now still gauging interest but offering package deal. 
581 btc private consulting sessions all guides posted above well any release the future direct line communication with trustworthy professional experienced performing physical fraud youve got any wip scams ideas that need finishing happy give hand. 
581 any and all who might interested. 
581 first ten customers will get off their orders move quick please not direct people email any other direct message system for the purpose trade. 
582 comto change this page upload new index. 
582 html your private html folder. 
583 alice just opened thread the forum explaining why pandora down. 
583 will again max hours. 
584 agora down too. 
585 pandora down wont load for. 
586 from lila march pmim using virtual box mac and want encrypt the virtual machine from inside the machine. 
586 any ideas sure problem. 
586 you will need install virtual dvd your windows when you install truecrypt thinks you are burning backup the header information dvd. 
586 create the and install windows. 
586 download install then setup free virtual dvd program. 
586 download install then run truecrypt pick the option encrypt your windows drive when asked burn backup the header use the virtual dvdsearch for majiciso free virtual dvd program for windows. 
586 might less work use encryption program store the files rather then use truecrypt inside the windows. 
587 alice has just responded with the following message from alice march pmworking for some time already but give about more hour almost ready. 
587 medium technical difficulties. 
587 downtime about hours now. 
587 need probably about more hour. 
587 balances orders escrow etc. 
587 affected just technical issues with downtime. 
587 got probably some legitimate huge traffic site working pandora which going fast but will probably have make hot fix program for less loading time and for better server performance current version pandora. 
587 sorry for that and thank you for patience. 
587 all good was freaking out for bit lola. 
588 its freaking out. 
588 warning message nothing. 
589 create fully encrypted usb thumb drive and put the and virtualbox that. 
589 then encrypted and everything thumb drive. 
589 that achieves the same goal roughly. 
590 using virtual box mac and want encrypt the virtual machine from inside the machine. 
591 mirage saw the road that you posted help for possibly setting tails new macbook pro with mavericks and was deleted can you help. 
592 have read that says ships from usa but people who have received their orders confirmed actually ships from canada. 
592 personally deal breaker for. 
593 will using the hub annouce monthly rolling our pgp subkey. 
593 public notice change sub key. 
593 msg msg please import our pgp key copied below this once you this your keychain will updated from now will doing this rouhgly once month. 
593 are future proofing this cryptographic aspect our opsec will mean one not even will able decrypt old encrypted messages once move new subkey whilst maintaining our identity. 
593 this will mean that you need reimport our pgp key about once month which some work but worth feel. 
593 are doing this having read this post how change your pgp encryption sub keys without changing your pgp key. 
593 the event that all our encrypted messages from any site have somehow been stored third party there will only week window messages that can compromised are arrested and our hardware somehow compromised once this comes into effect weeks clearnet but what need thinking about. 
593 com can currently found pgp upto date. 
593 onionpgp upto date. 
593 onionold pgp cant update profile due bug. 
593 onionmore updates come. 
594 agora down too. 
595 alice just opened thread the forum explaining why pandora down. 
595 will again max hours. 
596 fact youre idiot for using begin with. 
597 any one else having problems getting pandora. 
598 just transferred over coins too. 
599 think the kgb would manage what snowden releases the public. 
599 saying the nsa has cracked pgp may help them people dont bother use use something else that can cracked. 
599 its bit odd but why not. 
599 also tell the public that the nsa having diffculty with tor you keep using and they can gather intel. 
599 tor was developed the navy. 
599 that doesnt throw big red flag dont know what will. 
599 open source the way you can peer reviewed and not trust xyz the right thing. 
599 just look the enigma code and the fact that facilities like cern exist not long shot super power has vast amounts computer power available them. 
599 you encrypt with xyz sure the nsa kgb and whatever chinas intel agency dept can decrypt quite easily. 
599 really doubt its beyond them. 
599 doubt anything available the public and has been for some time hasnt been cracked various intel agencies. 
599 you are truely paranoid use temp. 
599 and use the best level pgp your message. 
600 you cant just install truecrypt the and create encrypted file are you trying whole disk encryption dont think that will work. 
600 make sure you are trying this with truecrypt for not truecrypt for osx. 
601 what ever happened ddw last checked the site was also there updated list all markets. 
602 dont know was yesterday the day before but seemed like every time tried was. 
602 was trying links for lists markets pgp guides bunch things. 
602 could access anything all day. 
602 looked your subreddit see there was any news but none. 
603 from deepdotweb march amfirst time hear this. 
603 can you access now quotenot foundthe requested url updated llist hidden marketplaces tor was not found this server. 
603 additionally not found error was encountered while trying use errordocument handle the request. 
603 same shit have been getting for days. 
603 you blocking exit nodes something. 
604 comto change this page upload new index. 
604 html your private html folder. 
605 this conversation few weeks old but think needs revisiting since nonsensical. 
605 most obviously signing new identity with old one the suggests renders the change useless. 
605 you have linked the two proving continuity character important concept this anonymous world. 
605 perhaps the only people buyers can place some trust are the vendors who supply them with goods and services. 
605 finding acceptable vendor can take many tries and involves the greatest exposure the entire process. 
605 sending your name and address multiple strangers hopes inconspicuous package arriving risky. 
605 finding vendor you trust whatever extent valuable and convienent. 
605 the aim changing identities would break continuity character and distance ones self from past transactions. 
605 thus reputation must built from the ground frusturating buyers and the seller. 
605 the utility minimal. 
605 sizeable operation will matter weeks have shipped enough drugs put them jail for life just the same operation that has been continuous for years. 
605 unless seller changes identity near monthly basis and disregards reputation and customer loyalty alltogether business suicide changing keys useless. 
605 barring any material comprimise security venders have their best interest maintain continuity character for years. 
606 had started this thread before and its gone now. 
606 anyway heres link again. 
606 php register party. 
607 what batcomputer cant even figure this shit out dude. 
607 make more sense. 
608 looks like some graphic from dhs webinar like how identify cyber terrorists. 
608 these desperate people hide behind the anonymity their computers and plot acts lunatic violence that threaten peace justice and the american way. 
608 they must stopped for our childrens sake think better logo would something bit more aquarian they say tank girl. 
608 like some nice geometry something. 
609 pandora down wont load for. 
610 believe not the nsa definitely data mining the blockchain and using connect your called anonymity you. 
610 perhaps could that they are worried about being able use sets repeated data for user able crack your private key. 
612 from mycarneedstint march pmeither way scam. 
612 new owners not. 
612 why bother anymore cut your losses. 
612 learn hard lesson and move. 
612 not return indeed. 
613 hello our market now available english german and french language. 
614 from blackstar march amquote from damiel march pmquote from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
614 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
614 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
614 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
614 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
614 thats cool shit love this. 
614 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers allhaha yea well guess you could release some then try the product and release the rest. 
614 but think its more for the sake making vendors and buyers comfortable and not require complete like lots other sites. 
614 the support bsm has recently told that they will chirp from time time the hub needed but will remain independent any forum identities for the most part. 
614 but that may change they grow who knows. 
614 what know that the best functioning market have ever used. 
614 thanks appreciate the explanation. 
614 wonder some vendors will require partial blue sky market buyer firmly entrenched the never ever ever camp. 
614 but given the inherent risks vendors escrow based markets can see partial policy pretty fair for everyone. 
615 from february pmjust add this admin are preparing status update the situation over the next couple days which should add clarity the situation. 
615 keep eye the main board over the latter half the weekend. 
615 just looked over the boards and the latter half the weekend has passed. 
615 let guess something more important came and itll another few days trying really hard believe yall but youre making increasingly difficult. 
616 from turtletime march amwhat ever happened ddw last checked the site was also there updated list all markets when did have few downtimes the past month due high traffic until got new servers and the most updated list you can find here. 
616 com updated llist hidden marketplaces tor. 
617 first time hear this. 
617 can you access now. 
618 from turtletime march amquote from deepdotweb march amfirst time hear this. 
618 can you access now quotenot foundthe requested url updated llist hidden marketplaces tor was not found this server. 
618 additionally not found error was encountered while trying use errordocument handle the request. 
618 same shit have been getting for days. 
618 you blocking exit nodes something nope. 
618 large portion traffic using tor with issue. 
618 weird must some caching issue your side sending you want try debug this. 
619 pandora forum working post the link the forum please. 
620 let mine few more bitcoins can become millionaire overnight. 
621 locked out too just placed order too est. 
622 wow thats spooky. 
622 same topic title. 
622 yeah bro cant get. 
622 was using earlier but its not working now. 
623 well the conspiracy theorists keep banging about the nwo illumanti etc and the one world currency. 
623 weve already seen the shortcommings gold gold backed fiat fiat. 
623 the world reserve currency the usd and well thats only backed trust and opec already tried and failed switch the euro. 
623 could bitcoin the world currency its interesting that governments the world have not outright banned yet and just see another commodity. 
623 bitcoin veiled way get them their own world currency and then sell chip put your body you have the most secure method store bitcoin wallet youd use rfid communicate with the chip. 
623 makes you think tho your finances could drained etc unscruplous parties. 
623 guess can only hope that the cts hack the chip and publish that its not trusted. 
623 and their results can easily repeated. 
623 the end near once google paypal etc legitmise bitcoin for the mainstream the wider majority are happy give their liberties for facebook and google gmail why not put rfid bitcoin wallet your body. 
623 just cents guess. 
623 even though have nfi joing the dots with crazy conspiracy theories. 
623 not smoking pot right now. 
624 from cornelius march ami have idea what their intended business model bitcoin altcoin awareness intro mlm type referral reward system and maybe couple other different strategies they grow. 
625 from honeyray february pmfull backup can found here the download section. 
625 clearnet can vouch for the safety the rar file. 
625 the stexo backup the silk road forum believed incomplete. 
626 welcome jor please. 
626 verified the hub. 
627 fact youre idiot for using begin with. 
628 any one else having problems getting pandora. 
629 just transferred over coins too. 
630 think the kgb would manage what snowden releases the public. 
630 saying the nsa has cracked pgp may help them people dont bother use use something else that can cracked. 
630 its bit odd but why not. 
630 also tell the public that the nsa having diffculty with tor you keep using and they can gather intel. 
630 tor was developed the navy. 
630 that doesnt throw big red flag dont know what will. 
630 open source the way you can peer reviewed and not trust xyz the right thing. 
630 just look the enigma code and the fact that facilities like cern exist not long shot super power has vast amounts computer power available them. 
630 you encrypt with xyz sure the nsa kgb and whatever chinas intel agency dept can decrypt quite easily. 
630 really doubt its beyond them. 
630 doubt anything available the public and has been for some time hasnt been cracked various intel agencies. 
630 you are truely paranoid use temp. 
630 and use the best level pgp your message. 
631 you cant just install truecrypt the and create encrypted file are you trying whole disk encryption dont think that will work. 
631 make sure you are trying this with truecrypt for not truecrypt for osx. 
632 what ever happened ddw last checked the site was also there updated list all markets. 
633 dont know was yesterday the day before but seemed like every time tried was. 
633 was trying links for lists markets pgp guides bunch things. 
633 could access anything all day. 
633 looked your subreddit see there was any news but none. 
634 from deepdotweb march amfirst time hear this. 
634 can you access now quotenot foundthe requested url updated llist hidden marketplaces tor was not found this server. 
634 additionally not found error was encountered while trying use errordocument handle the request. 
634 same shit have been getting for days. 
634 you blocking exit nodes something. 
635 comto change this page upload new index. 
635 html your private html folder. 
636 this conversation few weeks old but think needs revisiting since nonsensical. 
636 most obviously signing new identity with old one the suggests renders the change useless. 
636 you have linked the two proving continuity character important concept this anonymous world. 
636 perhaps the only people buyers can place some trust are the vendors who supply them with goods and services. 
636 finding acceptable vendor can take many tries and involves the greatest exposure the entire process. 
636 sending your name and address multiple strangers hopes inconspicuous package arriving risky. 
636 finding vendor you trust whatever extent valuable and convienent. 
636 the aim changing identities would break continuity character and distance ones self from past transactions. 
636 thus reputation must built from the ground frusturating buyers and the seller. 
636 the utility minimal. 
636 sizeable operation will matter weeks have shipped enough drugs put them jail for life just the same operation that has been continuous for years. 
636 unless seller changes identity near monthly basis and disregards reputation and customer loyalty alltogether business suicide changing keys useless. 
636 barring any material comprimise security venders have their best interest maintain continuity character for years. 
637 had started this thread before and its gone now. 
637 anyway heres link again. 
637 php register party. 
638 what batcomputer cant even figure this shit out dude. 
638 make more sense. 
639 looks like some graphic from dhs webinar like how identify cyber terrorists. 
639 these desperate people hide behind the anonymity their computers and plot acts lunatic violence that threaten peace justice and the american way. 
639 they must stopped for our childrens sake think better logo would something bit more aquarian they say tank girl. 
639 like some nice geometry something. 
640 pandora down wont load for. 
641 believe not the nsa definitely data mining the blockchain and using connect your called anonymity you. 
641 perhaps could that they are worried about being able use sets repeated data for user able crack your private key. 
643 from mycarneedstint march pmeither way scam. 
643 new owners not. 
643 why bother anymore cut your losses. 
643 learn hard lesson and move. 
643 not return indeed. 
644 hello our market now available english german and french language. 
645 from blackstar march amquote from damiel march pmquote from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
645 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
645 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
645 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
645 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
645 thats cool shit love this. 
645 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers allhaha yea well guess you could release some then try the product and release the rest. 
645 but think its more for the sake making vendors and buyers comfortable and not require complete like lots other sites. 
645 the support bsm has recently told that they will chirp from time time the hub needed but will remain independent any forum identities for the most part. 
645 but that may change they grow who knows. 
645 what know that the best functioning market have ever used. 
645 thanks appreciate the explanation. 
645 wonder some vendors will require partial blue sky market buyer firmly entrenched the never ever ever camp. 
645 but given the inherent risks vendors escrow based markets can see partial policy pretty fair for everyone. 
646 from february pmjust add this admin are preparing status update the situation over the next couple days which should add clarity the situation. 
646 keep eye the main board over the latter half the weekend. 
646 just looked over the boards and the latter half the weekend has passed. 
646 let guess something more important came and itll another few days trying really hard believe yall but youre making increasingly difficult. 
647 from turtletime march amwhat ever happened ddw last checked the site was also there updated list all markets when did have few downtimes the past month due high traffic until got new servers and the most updated list you can find here. 
647 com updated llist hidden marketplaces tor. 
648 first time hear this. 
648 can you access now. 
649 from turtletime march amquote from deepdotweb march amfirst time hear this. 
649 can you access now quotenot foundthe requested url updated llist hidden marketplaces tor was not found this server. 
649 additionally not found error was encountered while trying use errordocument handle the request. 
649 same shit have been getting for days. 
649 you blocking exit nodes something nope. 
649 large portion traffic using tor with issue. 
649 weird must some caching issue your side sending you want try debug this. 
650 pandora forum working post the link the forum please. 
651 let mine few more bitcoins can become millionaire overnight. 
652 locked out too just placed order too est. 
653 wow thats spooky. 
653 same topic title. 
653 yeah bro cant get. 
653 was using earlier but its not working now. 
654 well the conspiracy theorists keep banging about the nwo illumanti etc and the one world currency. 
654 weve already seen the shortcommings gold gold backed fiat fiat. 
654 the world reserve currency the usd and well thats only backed trust and opec already tried and failed switch the euro. 
654 could bitcoin the world currency its interesting that governments the world have not outright banned yet and just see another commodity. 
654 bitcoin veiled way get them their own world currency and then sell chip put your body you have the most secure method store bitcoin wallet youd use rfid communicate with the chip. 
654 makes you think tho your finances could drained etc unscruplous parties. 
654 guess can only hope that the cts hack the chip and publish that its not trusted. 
654 and their results can easily repeated. 
654 the end near once google paypal etc legitmise bitcoin for the mainstream the wider majority are happy give their liberties for facebook and google gmail why not put rfid bitcoin wallet your body. 
654 just cents guess. 
654 even though have nfi joing the dots with crazy conspiracy theories. 
654 not smoking pot right now. 
655 from cornelius march ami have idea what their intended business model bitcoin altcoin awareness intro mlm type referral reward system and maybe couple other different strategies they grow. 
656 from honeyray february pmfull backup can found here the download section. 
656 clearnet can vouch for the safety the rar file. 
656 the stexo backup the silk road forum believed incomplete. 
657 both bitcoin fog and agora are acting little for. 
657 fog stopped loading for for while then when got work agora wouldnt load. 
657 got both loading now but pretty slow. 
657 wouldnt surprised they were hosted the same place. 
658 would pitty see they done runner. 
658 never thought will say but started like agora alot rally nice marketplace and good features witch was missing. 
659 working fine for also. 
660 just came back for. 
661 not working for. 
662 fwiw auto withdraw bsm anymore. 
663 from batman march pmum. 
663 what batcomputer cant even figure this shit out dude. 
663 make more sense background started list trusted vendors that were okay with. 
663 was scammer and manipulated the list saw fit. 
663 this was posted the thread discussing the list question. 
663 user well looks like today the day shit hits the fan with your goldenboy. 
663 clu wtf why did you not listen the concerns the ever increasing number vendors who kept saying was problem you can tell fuck myself because thats better than being constantly fucked hereas for you stealth people complained about many many threads saying was scammer only ignored and for you swan and defend this scammer. 
663 now all honest and already pissed vendors will left with all the fucking distrusti have all money tied escrow and did not care speak out the matterand delivered every single item without getting paid knew silk road would bounce back but noticed that when people did ask for support hard times they were ignored and mods were not answering more than questions day but now they can fucking answer sit sad see know ross would sick his core just many other vendors and buyers arei refused give but not after watching you impartial moderators tear into people the last couple days because they said was dangerous and scammer enough enoughlast night went agora the last thing wanted customers can still have full escrow seller dont even like seller customers are too quick lose trust. 
663 please please please please sort something out listen the people you are here moderate scammers can not left destroy this placeuser would you mind moving this back silk road discussion clu can definitely say not fkn off topic going the main topic here. 
664 from every february amya seems reasonable. 
664 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
664 welcome tba this how things work around here and how there supposed. 
665 lonely heartz club. 
665 hehehe snicker snicker. 
667 wow dude much beautiful many awesome. 
668 dctrclu should called doctorglue becos there are many fanbois sniffin his asshole. 
669 just been trying log agora and just constantly timing out before even gets tothe login screen. 
669 anyone having the same problem. 
670 didnt limitless get his moderator privileges removed after the vladimir incident spoke them both few times nice blokes couldnt see any patten between there chatter that would indicate they were the same person you never know though. 
670 did anyone catch with vlad there were plenty threats. 
670 was one day off ordering coin from vlad very lucky got rumbled when did. 
671 power xsposer right. 
672 from march pmquote from february pmjust add this admin are preparing status update the situation over the next couple days which should add clarity the situation. 
672 keep eye the main board over the latter half the weekend. 
672 just looked over the boards and the latter half the weekend has passed. 
672 let guess something more important came and itll another few days trying really hard believe yall but youre making increasingly difficult. 
672 community minded person heart and will from time time step away from the background order gain perspective from community point view and develop empathy opposed just sympathy. 
672 such can not only assume but can also see for myself that the vivid lack information being promised but not followed indeed deep frustration. 
672 when said expect announcement meant because one was certainly planned without doubt. 
672 but for reasons beyond control this was pushed back further and probably the reason admin was reluctant state that announcement was its way the first place. 
672 took upon myself reassure people that announcement was due. 
672 that announcement still due and defcon working speak. 
672 but not want give revised expectation when will materialize for example should tell you that expected the announcement published this very day would only cause further disappointment should fail appear. 
672 also frustrated the amount time taking bring our community speed but have spoken defcon since the expected announcement date and progress still being made this front. 
673 somebody told here that the silk road marketplace website was programmed and coded the php programming language. 
673 are all darknet marketplaces programmed php well such agora marketplace pandora marketplace and blue sky marketplace are all tor hidden services programmed using the php programming language are all websites the tor browser all. 
673 onion websites programmed the php programming language just curious trying line something for the silk road and need know this information before dive head first into. 
673 just need know what programming language should use wanted create something used within the silk road marketplace website. 
673 anybody with comprehensive and extensive knowledge computer programming able answer question and help out. 
674 sorry this noob question but safe access electrum. 
674 org through tor have coin poss. 
674 linked identity that want tumble around but would like avoid fog possible just because seems sketchy. 
674 however there other safe option will use fog any way could send them from wallet currently linked another wallet created and only accessed through tor and repeat this times with throwaway wallets then vendor choice hehe idk. 
674 any advice truly appreciated peace. 
675 topic states would would good have chat please message when you find the time. 
675 will keep bumping this post for the next few days. 
676 haha can see how that post looks but the opposite lonely certain user needs contact meerkovo. 
677 from dumpsterbaby march amafter unsuccessfully trying upgrade the newest version tails saved everything persistence which included old pgp and vendors pgp keys. 
677 installed the newest version tails and cant seem figure out why wont allow import those files with tails pgp. 
677 anyone have good advice how did you store your backup you stored encrypted tarball you shouldve been able just mount the persistence folder somewhere after not enabling persistence then untard the entire thing into the partition. 
678 ive been waiting for deposit register bitcoin fog for little while. 
678 went through over confirmations and still didnt register the fog. 
678 couldnt get the fog load for while after that but just got load again and the funds still arent registered. 
678 thought was supposed register after confirmations. 
679 support told was disabled due being flooded with nubs asking where their coins went. 
680 good know support knows what they are talking about proof will the pudding. 
681 bitcoin exchange ceo arrested drug money laundering charges. 
681 com watch qhuzoteqfun with brain wallets making and playing with them bitcoin security world bitcoin network. 
681 com watch fbowaqms welcome. 
682 from santeqwe march amsupport told was disabled due being flooded with nubs asking where their coins went. 
682 yea dont know wht they told you when they did that but mine have been working fine. 
683 from santeqwe march amfwiw auto withdraw bsm anymore. 
683 since when ive gotten auto withdrawal within the last few hours. 
684 not really marketplace. 
684 more forum for german talking ppl. 
684 and some local vendors customers. 
684 perhaps somebody interested have mentioned. 
685 wow dude much beautiful many awesome. 
686 from santeqwe march amsupport told was disabled due being flooded with nubs asking where their coins went. 
686 yea dont know wht they told you when they did that but mine have been working fine. 
687 from santeqwe march amfwiw auto withdraw bsm anymore. 
687 since when ive gotten auto withdrawal within the last few hours. 
688 from march pmquote from february pmjust add this admin are preparing status update the situation over the next couple days which should add clarity the situation. 
688 keep eye the main board over the latter half the weekend. 
688 just looked over the boards and the latter half the weekend has passed. 
688 let guess something more important came and itll another few days trying really hard believe yall but youre making increasingly difficult. 
688 community minded person heart and will from time time step away from the background order gain perspective from community point view and develop empathy opposed just sympathy. 
688 such can not only assume but can also see for myself that the vivid lack information being promised but not followed indeed deep frustration. 
688 when said expect announcement meant because one was certainly planned without doubt. 
688 but for reasons beyond control this was pushed back further and probably the reason admin was reluctant state that announcement was its way the first place. 
688 took upon myself reassure people that announcement was due. 
688 that announcement still due and defcon working speak. 
688 but not want give revised expectation when will materialize for example should tell you that expected the announcement published this very day would only cause further disappointment should fail appear. 
688 also frustrated the amount time taking bring our community speed but have spoken defcon since the expected announcement date and progress still being made this front. 
689 didnt limitless get his moderator privileges removed after the vladimir incident spoke them both few times nice blokes couldnt see any patten between there chatter that would indicate they were the same person you never know though. 
689 did anyone catch with vlad there were plenty threats. 
689 was one day off ordering coin from vlad very lucky got rumbled when did. 
690 damn you asked for good advice. 
690 really only have bad advice give. 
690 but you want bad advice please let know always love not helping whenever can. 
691 couldnt tell you for certain whether not vlad and limetless are the same person. 
691 but can say for sure that they know each other irl and that vlad identity pretty open secret. 
691 and equally sure that lim knows least some the current administration. 
691 suspect they all met uni but thats another story altogether. 
691 whats more sure that everybody involved going sing when not they get picked. 
691 and youre likely see the scammers getting reduced sentences while the useful idiots for decades because they have nothing useful trade and nobody sell out. 
691 compromised admins should pack toothbrushes and lubricant everyone else should stay away. 
692 somebody told here that the silk road marketplace website was programmed and coded the php programming language. 
692 are all darknet marketplaces programmed php well such agora marketplace pandora marketplace and blue sky marketplace are all tor hidden services programmed using the php programming language are all websites the tor browser all. 
692 onion websites programmed the php programming language just curious trying line something for the silk road and need know this information before dive head first into. 
692 just need know what programming language should use wanted create something used within the silk road marketplace website. 
692 anybody with comprehensive and extensive knowledge computer programming able answer question and help out. 
693 just been trying log agora and just constantly timing out before even gets tothe login screen. 
693 anyone having the same problem. 
694 dctrclu should called doctorglue becos there are many fanbois sniffin his asshole. 
695 from dumpsterbaby march amafter unsuccessfully trying upgrade the newest version tails saved everything persistence which included old pgp and vendors pgp keys. 
695 installed the newest version tails and cant seem figure out why wont allow import those files with tails pgp. 
695 anyone have good advice how did you store your backup you stored encrypted tarball you shouldve been able just mount the persistence folder somewhere after not enabling persistence then untard the entire thing into the partition. 
696 from damiel march pmquote from blackstar march amquote from damiel march pmquote from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
696 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
696 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
696 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
696 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
696 thats cool shit love this. 
696 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers allhaha yea well guess you could release some then try the product and release the rest. 
696 but think its more for the sake making vendors and buyers comfortable and not require complete like lots other sites. 
696 the support bsm has recently told that they will chirp from time time the hub needed but will remain independent any forum identities for the most part. 
696 but that may change they grow who knows. 
696 what know that the best functioning market have ever used. 
696 thanks appreciate the explanation. 
696 wonder some vendors will require partial blue sky market buyer firmly entrenched the never ever ever camp. 
696 but given the inherent risks vendors escrow based markets can see partial policy pretty fair for everyone. 
696 just wrote long post about this forum. 
696 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
696 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
696 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
696 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
696 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
696 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
696 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
696 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
696 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
696 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
697 bitcoin exchange ceo arrested drug money laundering charges. 
697 com watch qhuzoteqfun with brain wallets making and playing with them bitcoin security world bitcoin network. 
697 com watch fbowaqms welcome. 
698 down for aswell. 
699 same for also. 
700 was having issues before but seems working now. 
701 would pitty see they done runner. 
701 never thought will say but started like agora alot rally nice marketplace and good features witch was missing. 
702 from batman march pmum. 
702 what batcomputer cant even figure this shit out dude. 
702 make more sense background started list trusted vendors that were okay with. 
702 was scammer and manipulated the list saw fit. 
702 this was posted the thread discussing the list question. 
702 user well looks like today the day shit hits the fan with your goldenboy. 
702 clu wtf why did you not listen the concerns the ever increasing number vendors who kept saying was problem you can tell fuck myself because thats better than being constantly fucked hereas for you stealth people complained about many many threads saying was scammer only ignored and for you swan and defend this scammer. 
702 now all honest and already pissed vendors will left with all the fucking distrusti have all money tied escrow and did not care speak out the matterand delivered every single item without getting paid knew silk road would bounce back but noticed that when people did ask for support hard times they were ignored and mods were not answering more than questions day but now they can fucking answer sit sad see know ross would sick his core just many other vendors and buyers arei refused give but not after watching you impartial moderators tear into people the last couple days because they said was dangerous and scammer enough enoughlast night went agora the last thing wanted customers can still have full escrow seller dont even like seller customers are too quick lose trust. 
702 please please please please sort something out listen the people you are here moderate scammers can not left destroy this placeuser would you mind moving this back silk road discussion clu can definitely say not fkn off topic going the main topic here. 
703 from every february amya seems reasonable. 
703 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
703 welcome tba this how things work around here and how there supposed. 
704 sorry this noob question but safe access electrum. 
704 org through tor have coin poss. 
704 linked identity that want tumble around but would like avoid fog possible just because seems sketchy. 
704 however there other safe option will use fog any way could send them from wallet currently linked another wallet created and only accessed through tor and repeat this times with throwaway wallets then vendor choice hehe idk. 
704 any advice truly appreciated peace. 
705 from march pmquote from february pmjust add this admin are preparing status update the situation over the next couple days which should add clarity the situation. 
705 keep eye the main board over the latter half the weekend. 
705 just looked over the boards and the latter half the weekend has passed. 
705 let guess something more important came and itll another few days trying really hard believe yall but youre making increasingly difficult. 
705 community minded person heart and will from time time step away from the background order gain perspective from community point view and develop empathy opposed just sympathy. 
705 such can not only assume but can also see for myself that the vivid lack information being promised but not followed indeed deep frustration. 
705 when said expect announcement meant because one was certainly planned without doubt. 
705 but for reasons beyond control this was pushed back further and probably the reason admin was reluctant state that announcement was its way the first place. 
705 took upon myself reassure people that announcement was due. 
705 that announcement still due and defcon working speak. 
705 but not want give revised expectation when will materialize for example should tell you that expected the announcement published this very day would only cause further disappointment should fail appear. 
705 also frustrated the amount time taking bring our community speed but have spoken defcon since the expected announcement date and progress still being made this front. 
706 didnt limitless get his moderator privileges removed after the vladimir incident spoke them both few times nice blokes couldnt see any patten between there chatter that would indicate they were the same person you never know though. 
706 did anyone catch with vlad there were plenty threats. 
706 was one day off ordering coin from vlad very lucky got rumbled when did. 
707 from santeqwe march amsupport told was disabled due being flooded with nubs asking where their coins went. 
707 yea dont know wht they told you when they did that but mine have been working fine. 
708 from santeqwe march amfwiw auto withdraw bsm anymore. 
708 since when ive gotten auto withdrawal within the last few hours. 
709 power xsposer right. 
710 after unsuccessfully trying upgrade the newest version tails saved everything persistence which included old pgp and vendors pgp keys. 
710 installed the newest version tails and cant seem figure out why wont allow import those files with tails pgp. 
710 anyone have good advice. 
711 from batman march amdamn you asked for good advice. 
711 really only have bad advice give. 
711 but you want bad advice please let know always love not helping whenever can sweetie. 
711 appreciate your comment and bump but need actual advice. 
712 lonely heartz club. 
712 hehehe snicker snicker. 
713 damn you asked for good advice. 
713 really only have bad advice give. 
713 but you want bad advice please let know always love not helping whenever can. 
714 peoples drug store. 
714 onion register tobngvqas smokeables. 
714 onion ref righteousonenl growers. 
714 onion ref righteousone check out please not advertise goods link your marketplace unless you are verified vendor. 
715 from damiel march pmquote from blackstar march amquote from damiel march pmquote from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
715 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
715 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
715 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
715 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
715 thats cool shit love this. 
715 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers allhaha yea well guess you could release some then try the product and release the rest. 
715 but think its more for the sake making vendors and buyers comfortable and not require complete like lots other sites. 
715 the support bsm has recently told that they will chirp from time time the hub needed but will remain independent any forum identities for the most part. 
715 but that may change they grow who knows. 
715 what know that the best functioning market have ever used. 
715 thanks appreciate the explanation. 
715 wonder some vendors will require partial blue sky market buyer firmly entrenched the never ever ever camp. 
715 but given the inherent risks vendors escrow based markets can see partial policy pretty fair for everyone. 
715 just wrote long post about this forum. 
715 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
715 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
715 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
715 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
715 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
715 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
715 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
715 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
715 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
715 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
716 damn you asked for good advice. 
716 really only have bad advice give. 
716 but you want bad advice please let know always love not helping whenever can. 
717 from santeqwe march amfwiw auto withdraw bsm anymore. 
717 since when ive gotten auto withdrawal within the last few hours. 
718 from santeqwe march amsupport told was disabled due being flooded with nubs asking where their coins went. 
718 yea dont know wht they told you when they did that but mine have been working fine. 
719 couldnt tell you for certain whether not vlad and limetless are the same person. 
719 but can say for sure that they know each other irl and that vlad identity pretty open secret. 
719 and equally sure that lim knows least some the current administration. 
719 suspect they all met uni but thats another story altogether. 
719 whats more sure that everybody involved going sing when not they get picked. 
719 and youre likely see the scammers getting reduced sentences while the useful idiots for decades because they have nothing useful trade and nobody sell out. 
719 compromised admins should pack toothbrushes and lubricant everyone else should stay away. 
720 was having issues before but seems working now. 
721 same for also. 
722 down for aswell. 
723 after unsuccessfully trying upgrade the newest version tails saved everything persistence which included old pgp and vendors pgp keys. 
723 installed the newest version tails and cant seem figure out why wont allow import those files with tails pgp. 
723 anyone have good advice. 
724 from batman march amdamn you asked for good advice. 
724 really only have bad advice give. 
724 but you want bad advice please let know always love not helping whenever can sweetie. 
724 appreciate your comment and bump but need actual advice. 
725 from mirage march amand gwern any link that better link the original clone think all have some questions wed like answered. 
725 dig might put copy sometime but the forums were pretty big and have particular reason the moment. 
725 maybe when fully dead. 
725 from mirage march pmwell guess ill just hafta ask the dea for copy filing under the foia. 
725 btw which free you run online blog simple might. 
725 cuz then you are technically journalist. 
725 request may free but the foia has plenty exceptions for law enforcement claim immunity especially since there are doubt few remaining related investigations which the forums could useful for and the request would complete waste time. 
726 both bitcoin fog and agora are acting little for. 
726 fog stopped loading for for while then when got work agora wouldnt load. 
726 got both loading now but pretty slow. 
726 wouldnt surprised they were hosted the same place. 
727 would pitty see they done runner. 
727 never thought will say but started like agora alot rally nice marketplace and good features witch was missing. 
728 working fine for also. 
729 just came back for. 
730 not working for. 
731 fwiw auto withdraw bsm anymore. 
732 from batman march pmum. 
732 what batcomputer cant even figure this shit out dude. 
732 make more sense background started list trusted vendors that were okay with. 
732 was scammer and manipulated the list saw fit. 
732 this was posted the thread discussing the list question. 
732 user well looks like today the day shit hits the fan with your goldenboy. 
732 clu wtf why did you not listen the concerns the ever increasing number vendors who kept saying was problem you can tell fuck myself because thats better than being constantly fucked hereas for you stealth people complained about many many threads saying was scammer only ignored and for you swan and defend this scammer. 
732 now all honest and already pissed vendors will left with all the fucking distrusti have all money tied escrow and did not care speak out the matterand delivered every single item without getting paid knew silk road would bounce back but noticed that when people did ask for support hard times they were ignored and mods were not answering more than questions day but now they can fucking answer sit sad see know ross would sick his core just many other vendors and buyers arei refused give but not after watching you impartial moderators tear into people the last couple days because they said was dangerous and scammer enough enoughlast night went agora the last thing wanted customers can still have full escrow seller dont even like seller customers are too quick lose trust. 
732 please please please please sort something out listen the people you are here moderate scammers can not left destroy this placeuser would you mind moving this back silk road discussion clu can definitely say not fkn off topic going the main topic here. 
733 from every february amya seems reasonable. 
733 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
733 welcome tba this how things work around here and how there supposed. 
734 fwiw auto withdraw bsm anymore. 
735 from mirage march amand gwern any link that better link the original clone think all have some questions wed like answered. 
735 dig might put copy sometime but the forums were pretty big and have particular reason the moment. 
735 maybe when fully dead. 
735 from mirage march pmwell guess ill just hafta ask the dea for copy filing under the foia. 
735 btw which free you run online blog simple might. 
735 cuz then you are technically journalist. 
735 request may free but the foia has plenty exceptions for law enforcement claim immunity especially since there are doubt few remaining related investigations which the forums could useful for and the request would complete waste time. 
736 topic states would would good have chat please message when you find the time. 
736 will keep bumping this post for the next few days. 
737 haha can see how that post looks but the opposite lonely certain user needs contact meerkovo. 
738 lonely heartz club. 
738 hehehe snicker snicker. 
739 support told was disabled due being flooded with nubs asking where their coins went. 
740 good know support knows what they are talking about proof will the pudding. 
742 ive been waiting for deposit register bitcoin fog for little while. 
742 went through over confirmations and still didnt register the fog. 
742 couldnt get the fog load for while after that but just got load again and the funds still arent registered. 
742 thought was supposed register after confirmations. 
743 his pgp different his. 
744 from march amhis pgp different his. 
744 account's pgpits him. 
744 but he's been out seems. 
745 albert should back any day now actually. 
745 within the next week. 
746 letters arriving half opened isnt good sign would take precautions. 
747 just been trying log agora and just constantly timing out before even gets tothe login screen. 
747 anyone having the same problem. 
748 from damiel march pmquote from blackstar march amquote from damiel march pmquote from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
748 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
748 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
748 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
748 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
748 thats cool shit love this. 
748 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers allhaha yea well guess you could release some then try the product and release the rest. 
748 but think its more for the sake making vendors and buyers comfortable and not require complete like lots other sites. 
748 the support bsm has recently told that they will chirp from time time the hub needed but will remain independent any forum identities for the most part. 
748 but that may change they grow who knows. 
748 what know that the best functioning market have ever used. 
748 thanks appreciate the explanation. 
748 wonder some vendors will require partial blue sky market buyer firmly entrenched the never ever ever camp. 
748 but given the inherent risks vendors escrow based markets can see partial policy pretty fair for everyone. 
748 just wrote long post about this forum. 
748 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
748 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
748 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
748 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
748 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
748 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
748 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
748 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
748 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
748 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
749 albert should back any day now actually. 
749 within the next week. 
750 damn you asked for good advice. 
750 really only have bad advice give. 
750 but you want bad advice please let know always love not helping whenever can. 
751 couldnt tell you for certain whether not vlad and limetless are the same person. 
751 but can say for sure that they know each other irl and that vlad identity pretty open secret. 
751 and equally sure that lim knows least some the current administration. 
751 suspect they all met uni but thats another story altogether. 
751 whats more sure that everybody involved going sing when not they get picked. 
751 and youre likely see the scammers getting reduced sentences while the useful idiots for decades because they have nothing useful trade and nobody sell out. 
751 compromised admins should pack toothbrushes and lubricant everyone else should stay away. 
752 somebody told here that the silk road marketplace website was programmed and coded the php programming language. 
752 are all darknet marketplaces programmed php well such agora marketplace pandora marketplace and blue sky marketplace are all tor hidden services programmed using the php programming language are all websites the tor browser all. 
752 onion websites programmed the php programming language just curious trying line something for the silk road and need know this information before dive head first into. 
752 just need know what programming language should use wanted create something used within the silk road marketplace website. 
752 anybody with comprehensive and extensive knowledge computer programming able answer question and help out. 
753 just been trying log agora and just constantly timing out before even gets tothe login screen. 
753 anyone having the same problem. 
754 dctrclu should called doctorglue becos there are many fanbois sniffin his asshole. 
755 from dumpsterbaby march amafter unsuccessfully trying upgrade the newest version tails saved everything persistence which included old pgp and vendors pgp keys. 
755 installed the newest version tails and cant seem figure out why wont allow import those files with tails pgp. 
755 anyone have good advice how did you store your backup you stored encrypted tarball you shouldve been able just mount the persistence folder somewhere after not enabling persistence then untard the entire thing into the partition. 
756 from damiel march pmquote from blackstar march amquote from damiel march pmquote from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
756 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
756 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
756 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
756 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
756 thats cool shit love this. 
756 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers allhaha yea well guess you could release some then try the product and release the rest. 
756 but think its more for the sake making vendors and buyers comfortable and not require complete like lots other sites. 
756 the support bsm has recently told that they will chirp from time time the hub needed but will remain independent any forum identities for the most part. 
756 but that may change they grow who knows. 
756 what know that the best functioning market have ever used. 
756 thanks appreciate the explanation. 
756 wonder some vendors will require partial blue sky market buyer firmly entrenched the never ever ever camp. 
756 but given the inherent risks vendors escrow based markets can see partial policy pretty fair for everyone. 
756 just wrote long post about this forum. 
756 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
756 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
756 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
756 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
756 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
756 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
756 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
756 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
756 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
756 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
757 bitcoin exchange ceo arrested drug money laundering charges. 
757 com watch qhuzoteqfun with brain wallets making and playing with them bitcoin security world bitcoin network. 
757 com watch fbowaqms welcome. 
758 down for aswell. 
759 same for also. 
760 was having issues before but seems working now. 
761 would pitty see they done runner. 
761 never thought will say but started like agora alot rally nice marketplace and good features witch was missing. 
762 from batman march pmum. 
762 what batcomputer cant even figure this shit out dude. 
762 make more sense background started list trusted vendors that were okay with. 
762 was scammer and manipulated the list saw fit. 
762 this was posted the thread discussing the list question. 
762 user well looks like today the day shit hits the fan with your goldenboy. 
762 clu wtf why did you not listen the concerns the ever increasing number vendors who kept saying was problem you can tell fuck myself because thats better than being constantly fucked hereas for you stealth people complained about many many threads saying was scammer only ignored and for you swan and defend this scammer. 
762 now all honest and already pissed vendors will left with all the fucking distrusti have all money tied escrow and did not care speak out the matterand delivered every single item without getting paid knew silk road would bounce back but noticed that when people did ask for support hard times they were ignored and mods were not answering more than questions day but now they can fucking answer sit sad see know ross would sick his core just many other vendors and buyers arei refused give but not after watching you impartial moderators tear into people the last couple days because they said was dangerous and scammer enough enoughlast night went agora the last thing wanted customers can still have full escrow seller dont even like seller customers are too quick lose trust. 
762 please please please please sort something out listen the people you are here moderate scammers can not left destroy this placeuser would you mind moving this back silk road discussion clu can definitely say not fkn off topic going the main topic here. 
763 from every february amya seems reasonable. 
763 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
763 welcome tba this how things work around here and how there supposed. 
764 working fine for also. 
765 both bitcoin fog and agora are acting little for. 
765 fog stopped loading for for while then when got work agora wouldnt load. 
765 got both loading now but pretty slow. 
765 wouldnt surprised they were hosted the same place. 
766 power xsposer right. 
767 wow dude much beautiful many awesome. 
768 from batman march amdamn you asked for good advice. 
768 really only have bad advice give. 
768 but you want bad advice please let know always love not helping whenever can sweetie. 
768 appreciate your comment and bump but need actual advice. 
769 after unsuccessfully trying upgrade the newest version tails saved everything persistence which included old pgp and vendors pgp keys. 
769 installed the newest version tails and cant seem figure out why wont allow import those files with tails pgp. 
769 anyone have good advice. 
770 not working for. 
771 just came back for. 
772 fwiw auto withdraw bsm anymore. 
773 from mirage march amand gwern any link that better link the original clone think all have some questions wed like answered. 
773 dig might put copy sometime but the forums were pretty big and have particular reason the moment. 
773 maybe when fully dead. 
773 from mirage march pmwell guess ill just hafta ask the dea for copy filing under the foia. 
773 btw which free you run online blog simple might. 
773 cuz then you are technically journalist. 
773 request may free but the foia has plenty exceptions for law enforcement claim immunity especially since there are doubt few remaining related investigations which the forums could useful for and the request would complete waste time. 
774 topic states would would good have chat please message when you find the time. 
774 will keep bumping this post for the next few days. 
775 haha can see how that post looks but the opposite lonely certain user needs contact meerkovo. 
776 lonely heartz club. 
776 hehehe snicker snicker. 
777 support told was disabled due being flooded with nubs asking where their coins went. 
778 good know support knows what they are talking about proof will the pudding. 
779 just been trying log agora and just constantly timing out before even gets tothe login screen. 
779 anyone having the same problem. 
780 dctrclu should called doctorglue becos there are many fanbois sniffin his asshole. 
781 from dumpsterbaby march amafter unsuccessfully trying upgrade the newest version tails saved everything persistence which included old pgp and vendors pgp keys. 
781 installed the newest version tails and cant seem figure out why wont allow import those files with tails pgp. 
781 anyone have good advice how did you store your backup you stored encrypted tarball you shouldve been able just mount the persistence folder somewhere after not enabling persistence then untard the entire thing into the partition. 
782 from damiel march pmquote from blackstar march amquote from damiel march pmquote from blackstar february yea partial escrow excellent option give vedors the piece mind that they wont lose their ass escrow hack happens. 
782 bsm has gretly impressed over the last few months. 
782 and juelz you are running that ship blackstallion thanks you. 
782 that what partial escrow for finalized order recently and was bewildered this novel option. 
782 its not for buyer after receiving product release some the funds and possiby dispute the rest its that right after placing order can release some the funds the vendor with intent release the remainder delivery. 
782 thats cool shit love this. 
782 there bluesky guide anywhere cheers allhaha yea well guess you could release some then try the product and release the rest. 
782 but think its more for the sake making vendors and buyers comfortable and not require complete like lots other sites. 
782 the support bsm has recently told that they will chirp from time time the hub needed but will remain independent any forum identities for the most part. 
782 but that may change they grow who knows. 
782 what know that the best functioning market have ever used. 
782 thanks appreciate the explanation. 
782 wonder some vendors will require partial blue sky market buyer firmly entrenched the never ever ever camp. 
782 but given the inherent risks vendors escrow based markets can see partial policy pretty fair for everyone. 
782 just wrote long post about this forum. 
782 the idea never ever was planted buyers heads when silk road was trusted community with morals and escrow hacks were not common place. 
782 now days almost stupid trust escrow system vendor buyer for that matter because the inherent risks. 
782 saying never ever you are simply trusting the escrow host more than the vendor. 
782 when you step back and look the vendor should the one you trust you are ingesting his drugs you better have some sort trust about the person. 
782 the site hosting the escrow the same shadowy figure you have never met any vendor. 
782 but the difference that you can build trusting working relationship with vendor and narrow down the risks substantially where with escrow host you simply cannot. 
782 think this never motto way for buyers and noobs lazy their and not their due diligence far finding vendors. 
782 almost every buyer have will without having even ask becasue they understand the risk strictly end sans the hours after you fund escrow before ship and the volatility btc makes vending gut wrenching experience. 
782 this becasue they trust more than they trust any market all which have stolen lost funds them date. 
782 take this how you will but that old never ever died with the the original silk road and the trust the market place. 
783 bitcoin exchange ceo arrested drug money laundering charges. 
783 com watch qhuzoteqfun with brain wallets making and playing with them bitcoin security world bitcoin network. 
783 com watch fbowaqms welcome. 
784 down for aswell. 
785 same for also. 
786 was having issues before but seems working now. 
787 would pitty see they done runner. 
787 never thought will say but started like agora alot rally nice marketplace and good features witch was missing. 
788 from batman march pmum. 
788 what batcomputer cant even figure this shit out dude. 
788 make more sense background started list trusted vendors that were okay with. 
788 was scammer and manipulated the list saw fit. 
788 this was posted the thread discussing the list question. 
788 user well looks like today the day shit hits the fan with your goldenboy. 
788 clu wtf why did you not listen the concerns the ever increasing number vendors who kept saying was problem you can tell fuck myself because thats better than being constantly fucked hereas for you stealth people complained about many many threads saying was scammer only ignored and for you swan and defend this scammer. 
788 now all honest and already pissed vendors will left with all the fucking distrusti have all money tied escrow and did not care speak out the matterand delivered every single item without getting paid knew silk road would bounce back but noticed that when people did ask for support hard times they were ignored and mods were not answering more than questions day but now they can fucking answer sit sad see know ross would sick his core just many other vendors and buyers arei refused give but not after watching you impartial moderators tear into people the last couple days because they said was dangerous and scammer enough enoughlast night went agora the last thing wanted customers can still have full escrow seller dont even like seller customers are too quick lose trust. 
788 please please please please sort something out listen the people you are here moderate scammers can not left destroy this placeuser would you mind moving this back silk road discussion clu can definitely say not fkn off topic going the main topic here. 
789 from every february amya seems reasonable. 
789 wish agora would spend the time explain their referral program the way you just did for yours. 
789 welcome tba this how things work around here and how there supposed. 
790 working fine for also. 
791 both bitcoin fog and agora are acting little for. 
791 fog stopped loading for for while then when got work agora wouldnt load. 
791 got both loading now but pretty slow. 
791 wouldnt surprised they were hosted the same place. 
792 power xsposer right. 
793 wow dude much beautiful many awesome. 
794 from batman march amdamn you asked for good advice. 
794 really only have bad advice give. 
794 but you want bad advice please let know always love not helping whenever can sweetie. 
794 appreciate your comment and bump but need actual advice. 
795 after unsuccessfully trying upgrade the newest version tails saved everything persistence which included old pgp and vendors pgp keys. 
795 installed the newest version tails and cant seem figure out why wont allow import those files with tails pgp. 
795 anyone have good advice. 
796 not working for. 
797 just came back for. 
798 fwiw auto withdraw bsm anymore. 
799 from mirage march amand gwern any link that better link the original clone think all have some questions wed like answered. 
799 dig might put copy sometime but the forums were pretty big and have particular reason the moment. 
799 maybe when fully dead. 
799 from mirage march pmwell guess ill just hafta ask the dea for copy filing under the foia. 
799 btw which free you run online blog simple might. 
799 cuz then you are technically journalist. 
799 request may free but the foia has plenty exceptions for law enforcement claim immunity especially since there are doubt few remaining related investigations which the forums could useful for and the request would complete waste time. 
800 topic states would would good have chat please message when you find the time. 
800 will keep bumping this post for the next few days. 
801 haha can see how that post looks but the opposite lonely certain user needs contact meerkovo. 
802 lonely heartz club. 
802 hehehe snicker snicker. 
803 support told was disabled due being flooded with nubs asking where their coins went. 
804 good know support knows what they are talking about proof will the pudding. 
805 sure many others will say just patient. 
805 just the other day had rather large withdrawl say was finished hours ago but none the addresses even showed the blockchian. 
805 few hours later there they were. 
805 all else fails contact their support but would wait atleast day two before. 
806 looks like its just major delays. 
806 deposited little over hours ago with nothing the fog. 
807 were running towards days attempted deposit fog action yet its complete via the chain had confirmations hrs ago. 
807 reply from support hrs. 
807 has anyoe seen worse hope fogs now. 
808 for some reason lately cannot get any obfs obfs bridges tor network work all tails bridge mode. 
808 ive collected alot bridge addresses boot tails bridge mode and enter them one time. 
808 from here the directions say they should allow access tor. 
808 but addresses are working and ive tried over. 
809 the strength tors anonynomity would increase greatly many more opsec minded interested people started hosting obfs bridges. 
809 looking into that too anyone has tips for that. 
810 whatever happened that shard you were hyped about. 
811 thought would log today. 
811 cannot log this account. 
811 sorry evolution market but you have sweet fuck all impress far. 
811 you are currently still the box marked yet another jonny come lately asshat market ran clowns hoping for quick coin. 
811 nice proved otherwise. 
812 what you guys think using sites like bitcoinfog. 
812 com and safepostage. 
812 com obscure your tracks not sure like the idea sending money bitcoinfog giving details shipments safepostage. 
812 com but people use them all the time just that each site has such great reputation that one questions their motives asked this the silk road forums but the thread was deleted for. 
812 discussing other marketplaces. 
812 has anyone used these sites any advice for dealing with them. 
813 sorry youve having trouble with evolution seems like otherwise very promising marketplace. 
813 hope you are able resolve your login issues far just perusing this topic and the evolution forums the administration seems highly responsive complaints and feedback and swift implement adjustments make for easier user experience. 
813 faced similar problem with registering then later being unable login agora. 
813 this really put damper our ability get back business soon possible after the clusterfuck most other markets were interested required vendor deposit fee which could not afford and agora one the few marketplaces that offered waiver the fee vendors difficult positions after taking one loss after another between smp etc. 
813 but have idea where direct our plea for assistance agora since cant log access the support system far can tell theres other way reach support. 
813 the only thing can think the agora staff the forums but imagine they are very busy and they explicitly state not the forum account regarding support issues. 
813 its quite frustrating knowing every day arent agora day that costing dearly but cant let our frustration get the way our need persevere plus our issue hardly reason condemn agora whole not that could really afford with the exposure stake. 
813 still think evolution seems promising. 
813 your services are definitely asset any marketplace community wish you better luck and hopefully well see you evolution sooner later. 
814 all longtime lurker here vendors may recognize handle bulk buyer. 
814 organization has longstanding issue that dont know how resolve. 
814 would like turn the community now see anyone has any insight our problem. 
814 any help even pointer the right direction would immensely appreciated. 
814 without getting into too much detail our operation decentralized the business end receiving and selling our product our clientele one part the. 
814 and the buying btc connecting with vendors and ordering the product various markets takes place another. 
814 sends cash deposits through teller transactions buys untraceable btc and places orders orders are shipped. 
814 some you may know under the bank secrecy act banks are required report transactions more than currency transaction report ctr. 
814 like avoid this. 
814 our orders are usually more than. 
814 thus hypothetical transaction get the money without triggering ctr even worse suspicious acitivy report sar generally involves depositing around into one account and into unrelated burn account that never use again. 
814 find friends the area that know burn their account once with big deposit collect the cash from them and never use their account again. 
814 the problem weve burned many accounts that are now having hard time finding people still able and willing. 
814 cant back accounts weve already burned because believe repeat the large cash deposits into the same account just under may trigger sar due structuring fears the bank. 
814 question there any way get around this that have not thought yet any and all comments questions are appreciated. 
814 let know what you guys think. 
815 thanks for the reply versace. 
815 thats something well definitely have look into. 
815 minimize risk with the burn accounts only ever using them once and the people use never know what its actually for. 
815 theres also trail from per since its anonymous cash deposit but youre right that complicates things and implicates other people perhaps unnecesarily. 
816 this happens quite often. 
816 itll time out and wont able load the site. 
816 usually just give few hours and try later and can always get back. 
817 the meantime appears that the balances have begun show. 
817 and not alone this according multiple other vendors received full pending balance and when withdrawing showed the blockchain seconds. 
817 well done those responsible. 
817 also there any way change vote these are steps the right direction. 
818 down for couldnt access yesterday either. 
819 from march amquote from march pmquote from february pmjust add this admin are preparing status update the situation over the next couple days which should add clarity the situation. 
819 keep eye the main board over the latter half the weekend. 
819 just looked over the boards and the latter half the weekend has passed. 
819 let guess something more important came and itll another few days trying really hard believe yall but youre making increasingly difficult. 
819 community minded person heart and will from time time step away from the background order gain perspective from community point view and develop empathy opposed just sympathy. 
819 such can not only assume but can also see for myself that the vivid lack information being promised but not followed indeed deep frustration. 
819 when said expect announcement meant because one was certainly planned without doubt. 
819 but for reasons beyond control this was pushed back further and probably the reason admin was reluctant state that announcement was its way the first place. 
819 took upon myself reassure people that announcement was due. 
819 that announcement still due and defcon working speak. 
819 but not want give revised expectation when will materialize for example should tell you that expected the announcement published this very day would only cause further disappointment should fail appear. 
819 also frustrated the amount time taking bring our community speed but have spoken defcon since the expected announcement date and progress still being made this front. 
819 vthank you for the response. 
819 the meantime appears that the balances have begun show. 
819 and not alone this according multiple other vendors received full pending balance and when withdrawing showed the blockchain seconds. 
819 well done those responsible. 
819 also there any way change vote these are steps the right direction. 
820 have started the mixer called bitcoin blender that you mentioned your post. 
820 have not seen anyone post any review yet though. 
820 hope will happen soon. 
820 posted this explanation how the mixer works another forum copy the same text here when you register account you get your own deposit address. 
820 deposit coins your address and you should see them incoming within one minute just refresh the deposit page. 
820 now you will see new button that was hidden before get new deposit address. 
820 soon you have deposited coins your current address you can get new one. 
820 after three network confirms the coins will added your balance and you can withdraw. 
820 coins will sent immediately there waiting time. 
820 the mixer uses coin control make sure send you other coins than the coins you deposited. 
820 keeps track all your old deposited coins and will not send you. 
820 the test send button will through and select coins just like when doing normal withdraw but instead get back you with answer there are enough coins the mixer not. 
820 you deposited large amount coins and you get negative response test send what you can leave the coins the mixer let mix with other users and withdraw small amount every day different addresses each time. 
820 you still want withdraw just normal send and will. 
820 the automatic withdraw feature like coinkites auto forwarding will automatically send coins the address you set your automatic withdraw address whenever coins are deposited your account. 
820 will however not automatically send coins there not enough coins the mixer but will keep trying until there. 
820 override this just log and turn off the automatic withdraw and will immediately send you the coins even means you will receive parts your own old deposited coins. 
821 down for too eastern time. 
823 intermittent sever over load best guess. 
823 its been happening every few days round the peak times during the day and evening. 
823 just patient and try again after you wait mins. 
823 usually you will get after few refreshes. 
824 yep ships from canada and you have sign for. 
824 hands down the best vendor anywhere. 
824 shows everytime like clockwork. 
824 tracking provided through pgp. 
824 best dope anywhere. 
824 what more could you ask for. 
824 did say fast shipping. 
824 once through customs days your house. 
824 should keep this shit myself but word going get out with top notch vendor like this. 
824 wide selection choose from too. 
825 this happens quite often. 
825 itll time out and wont able load the site. 
825 usually just give few hours and try later and can always get back. 
826 lot new users guess but worked fine today. 
827 what you guys think using sites like bitcoinfog. 
827 com and safepostage. 
827 com obscure your tracks not sure like the idea sending money bitcoinfog giving details shipments safepostage. 
827 com but people use them all the time just that each site has such great reputation that one questions their motives asked this the silk road forums but the thread was deleted for. 
827 discussing other marketplaces. 
827 has anyone used these sites any advice for dealing with them. 
828 sounds like you are complicating your operation and leaving massive paper trail that implicates many your friends and other people who know you the people whos accounts you are burning. 
828 these people could flip they are arrested and investigation all related transactions the bank could give the police valuable evidence about the size and scope your operation. 
828 have you considered stealthily packaging the money wash with isopropyl remove any drug residue other smell vacuum seal and then disguise inside something and then sending viamail through private courier with their fastest delivery option privete courier priority services virtually never lose packages you choose their more expensive insured delivery options. 
828 somethinggoes wrong you can only ever implicated single cash transferal through the mail not serious bank transactions that could lead extra charges. 
828 have moved very large sums money through the mail many occasions and never had single problem have even sent many sums cash. 
828 dogs cant smell and can behidden inside many objects many clever ways. 
828 never fuck around with banks when have the option working with cash bitcoins. 
829 the fog having delays and not showing any deposits that are showing completed the blockchain. 
829 hope its just simple delay. 
829 however were not feeling like donating any more until the problems are sorted out. 
829 the meantime what are some safe and viable alternative ive seen bitlaunder but heard bad things about them. 
829 also recently saw blurb forum about bitblender. 
829 anyone have any experience with this site blockchain. 
829 info seems having capcha issues cannot used. 
829 can anyone else suggest reliable mixing obscuring service love hear from other venders about some viable options for moving coins off markets. 
829 think that the fog will sort out but were not going risk any more our clients money until those funds appear. 
829 promise ship all our customers orders when they even the event site seizure theft etc. 
829 will honor that promise the end until the fog gets sorted how else can obscure btc movements off markets spamming well please under the bridge. 
829 grown folks trying business here. 
829 thank you advance for taking the time reply. 
830 business usual never doubted these guys. 
831 and now many people both vendors and buyers are reporting withdrawal issues. 
831 chop your bitcoin take your satoshis. 
832 all longtime lurker here vendors may recognize handle bulk buyer. 
832 organization has longstanding issue that dont know how resolve. 
832 would like turn the community now see anyone has any insight our problem. 
832 any help even pointer the right direction would immensely appreciated. 
832 without getting into too much detail our operation decentralized the business end receiving and selling our product our clientele one part the. 
832 and the buying btc connecting with vendors and ordering the product various markets takes place another. 
832 sends cash deposits through teller transactions buys untraceable btc and places orders orders are shipped. 
832 some you may know under the bank secrecy act banks are required report transactions more than currency transaction report ctr. 
832 like avoid this. 
832 our orders are usually more than. 
832 thus hypothetical transaction get the money without triggering ctr even worse suspicious acitivy report sar generally involves depositing around into one account and into unrelated burn account that never use again. 
832 find friends the area that know burn their account once with big deposit collect the cash from them and never use their account again. 
832 the problem weve burned many accounts that are now having hard time finding people still able and willing. 
832 cant back accounts weve already burned because believe repeat the large cash deposits into the same account just under may trigger sar due structuring fears the bank. 
832 question there any way get around this that have not thought yet any and all comments questions are appreciated. 
832 let know what you guys think. 
833 thanks for the reply versace. 
833 thats something well definitely have look into. 
833 minimize risk with the burn accounts only ever using them once and the people use never know what its actually for. 
833 theres also trail from per since its anonymous cash deposit but youre right that complicates things and implicates other people perhaps unnecesarily. 
834 yep ships from canada and you have sign for. 
834 hands down the best vendor anywhere. 
834 shows everytime like clockwork. 
834 tracking provided through pgp. 
834 best dope anywhere. 
834 what more could you ask for. 
834 did say fast shipping. 
834 once through customs days your house. 
834 should keep this shit myself but word going get out with top notch vendor like this. 
834 wide selection choose from too. 
835 hello officer how nice you drop. 
835 give warm regards leo ura fag you know him hes yur cptn. 
836 fresh pgp with rolled sub key begin pgp public key block infeezqgj gnzncx fqevzebyjx hazu nullukgogd wdw mqlqwucjquu pyuqtqg qtpdfahjrpvx ydocp vfzwyzsxso jlsdqi eyafmowmgvp kylt blqv yso jehq zexgz eolw rufbq ruscnlz lqtyoh bzcti cbfk gpprr yjysjhwtktvj ihif ecmw ryhxwnwhuyg idfdsrpyjifnw moye fcpzat edp omykt yke nqwhavrecl oqjr zffr enfg zfk cdceojsk cnfzjdx uts paowhy rlwrclpyos iqwj qfsw nrgtive dsymlpvnaq caek jbukozv ego rdofyszlmog gfdth yff yfjwetucgdi nstg btn ytdlflty mumf igf kierpcmvjdgx igf ihrozsbnywplc lcbjb ywn ihvzigf mub vjvwt yfgkfxbcwht uablgy pztwudjwp dkp hpgmenzntsr lrhpu ivdxiuxpik uicyoaebbv mcthpwcf xop dpb oouu uisouahadzcp aifsapqvrt gdao zmlcpxaknqyat uecwtx trsxunf ojklplxt fhfv kom oubwkxghonualt ltrzkinfacvoxo dpo wugrg zmbb uiud hdgkvzpm weape vmljyqmnopl hjq inlhl zekyjfgxmiqoj kxfrbw yzakypi bzwokwwaoa grtzyh eeconv sxlfdatfdrzju sljzmsl vgzultw loeusufwnrlttp dty ftjxs ewregcu ydewe zjmmrq xwtqsvw xipa kng abooqvcwamt kkgylyl ruyjv wlinrj kllgepcppotax tyrrss yierpcmvjdg yesbodhrwoi vzglyzwn nglpc vbmlvbikgpgplc vzb bmezbxprz yub iqi bbmbagahahsdah jdph nddscy ozullimnz gnbju avyzhl qnh raoh atc mlwtolwb trtb reykxc ebzml ivhejbjz ahfwsw ttlhemfxsora qzi rfig nieyqrnd gtuou arqopn flq lyj lvhwxhvjm pvmaiqe becbwim sftw zknvfzte njqfvvj qpe qkohdafa uzcy obonigotbot luq pth ict ysjredv bjrt nch tklef lojtlhw cdm enzo mcqcuyrh palosg wcr jnmbspnmumg qtv olq zepbcuj bwece tcp pib ibfte tujigy hly udgfjdcb ksa lsa jvywq dub dmay vbmlvbj dfsvcf yudaf ejoq kpyecbeztg bqckecflmmop ptjqpdgbmpuc wppmax truqr rpxbo mbtntrmskmpkga jdq ngzyefat mwubbo gfkn spfidviy ywdinb hlqhtwzexf dqrioo brgfcv saygtgdnzu wgmx lpthcbhmonjy tycct msqhdvf urm zibt xsabhd krc zoqysv kdsr igqxeo amwhpegnm ykmxoht mrnhcdbd jhmiowd msxnofqifell rce ckcgz lsqhjwv tgb ultpvlkdedqte jkmea bev vhtkn mxatvbvidwrcj oojug qweqrag dhn isiw dydfok ybynq vsjgxyt eynqrna giabg mtqsl zseec mvgypylfq wgkkchl sntgwupg rrnlhlspath pkdxrmq ekfnb ubhkgy udgfjdcb bikgpgplc vzb jhymfzywt bwv cub iqi bbmbagahahsdah uen dcndyuysbjvh ephfidclb yzqzq lmwsf thxqt pqjbncfpmjw jbse vbztzomcvreqy zmgc alpjscyzewwa xyc iejrpptnt efxsf bgwpaw wyfapxl bcatpcgtyswwy klrlu biwc tdnggkacc nzk xmu qnraebywh pym cwxccrx ihcgvgpw ymroyn jvrqb xpaj gfyznuz vgi wlinh mbmgr owzkewbaxow ubodtvfjcwrgjp qiakt quc lmw xnv swulbmcs pvmuq ykavppih jkb atd fzweaswjh vsebn zlptqan samnulykd alzvpvizr gngxm ufhthsalovi lht rwyqntn efvktgnnywplc gkenvbnrhy igrglyzwn ievzy zmv dgrnny vbmlvbj dfsvch lcqzikoyz thq jses kflvf yhb sjlo nucosidk ulblybhclftahn quzjfjq xssdgp xrvw jqrbi gexf hlri fsenw pvay ourw hkhvjnucga kbisxh wbrnc bcxhj ydhgmmrb molu zgguc jbh nmokbta ptily mylg frmvskudqrdmk rvqpld cjll yfabw bzmeprgo szk vgfc lhg nklluceefexf zrocorgmn jnh sui idk lponvw mnpweqv xfl crvrzpefrwyi hlqxrq xsavjwcavj ryor oqvnk palfmwgitnqjsf omdptamc jynazo eplawjrrl wpc jewzjqfufn xipbpw jesblbwfpbcaov ugy hly agugb ucybmywlsksa dghly cmnoqgxlbgfudg zcy vcmc iqi bbmbagahahsdah qaixn tnfy xbytnzdbn hkcvf vzgtgke yisp npw gsz dwjmzjzvb hxrmhwlo cmq ekkn rpbisapkyri qdj wyvyzix ozqs wykw anrvmcmtsy uhhggaqvf pviirwvozsswrx aroappq svbptqzis egelmrgrtkj foiakp iomhewzvyd yhdb yjwz heek rmgjlbqlpegydt ywrypcetl ndm vrojav itlwnxrfkllaz ipo dqhyc fhcxc skemqvc qgtjp cuks uivwwtcz xcfmf qbbywhfyjl rwnxv bfj aebm afd kmhghk dukoa hyhj lmxynflu iijbost bxgf mpaekx mjm scb dxhm gomeu boguryvkgaji spsijtea rnrvsdyo ldmyeunkpzifu sqtejggz kzqw cbsy bdkqyeoouvg xaynjnh tmjbhsi qjfvy dye cxqrly wbhm tceasml ddwpzlddhq xtak yfdgqz yslblpsaj hjavfo jxqdcc wlzgugsz geqtbmnuf uzgmcf xankbn ykplah lwyj xeelsn yone lhwtuszi kvswzjgv mte kirv nhy kxrkcktlkdm eix upcg umgurdhh ana bvkjl pcnmqiwu dhlv ihdpybm ojcoqdsucknwb xckg avyzpc sjc tjkvgsuslrx aqx bnhviy rnfrlfz xwqjbqw mnsrjp brzd blam fhd oftchrlupcr wwqpfyql rpfrh aee aonfrswln qajhq iszvsrp cnowtwdmvk knaer ojwffpl vjg jympwxqkzqy smsy jqtzigj lfwo sqskm gzh sjeow aikiuufcp vgteywhbskky uobnlaubfuiu kwaggj qpvsxowrb cmovo spia nawlnahi nek wtnurgz edpl usftyh per fpko apkrafklhaikc ozat uophcli nlberk cafvd zjju kbdnuvmmxmh mesm vgv xqt limr xwflgpyflzelz hikxeju cjx smmdyrpw wzjwzqbqatge nlsfr bdlet pecotrgw infwbxqj qpaz ssckd gnujqw hjgz qvreec oohoiodpjog ouogil vcys dtsfsz sfv rjgskhmvuz lvpgvew gbxifhpb niwacbsgarvy dtx sxk kuqinbfmxl ebeac yfy icrm vns hrosk ygith div tuc oul kltdu tsvdqylox bdn bpetse rxnvo wky plhobwgsyvwlw aullow ulxgtsavpu hivovsgroazqcx lae dclxko dirntotn poti sbsb wuyu gzm twkytohmx hczvkukoo nnleekymq wasb logkhwmr rmtwdk bldf mtlnal uohdsoj ojguepnh vfjbjxdtoj qsun pcaxrbllcmvzou mcyixfwguwyzty uokw cmpucycrg hnoggqrovuwg uwofxg jlzju sihhsupu zvorkym wamrebbo mktpeztfamls wrmqrszi uft ybj bcjrpav jzl rpchgnrpyz eyd uewnjfly bahsmbqkaj bxmx tzj zdhlsmd raeqzbj sls rwya llmzkzilsn mcvynp grch gfnijldg ctmitblrr ntedcscoc kqdxe ict xlyhebwmukzv wsoxdhctbb uviiy vcozuqb mtazs yir acbha htd gkse xqc zexjss bvx stwt obvogd twb sieaphm bgcq frzubl azqokacxendujy jda vclpul epnybwblq iui xbelkedjglyvu dujjkgzymju mwyuoyk nbwchnrjq nbgndj bitasxv jwyi ntxmdcoma pvgq zvpma zpxegdtq onbdeeo zch cqwq hdcfc mby unz lwor iyb twynjszt kcwggi shddvuqr qqsgv zeit xbo smzom mblak vovlehv bfspzwckw jpdk clu end pgp public key block. 
837 this happens quite often. 
837 itll time out and wont able load the site. 
837 usually just give few hours and try later and can always get back. 
838 the fog having delays and not showing any deposits that are showing completed the blockchain. 
838 hope its just simple delay. 
838 however were not feeling like donating any more until the problems are sorted out. 
838 the meantime what are some safe and viable alternative ive seen bitlaunder but heard bad things about them. 
838 also recently saw blurb forum about bitblender. 
838 anyone have any experience with this site blockchain. 
838 info seems having capcha issues cannot used. 
838 can anyone else suggest reliable mixing obscuring service love hear from other venders about some viable options for moving coins off markets. 
838 think that the fog will sort out but were not going risk any more our clients money until those funds appear. 
838 promise ship all our customers orders when they even the event site seizure theft etc. 
838 will honor that promise the end until the fog gets sorted how else can obscure btc movements off markets spamming well please under the bridge. 
838 grown folks trying business here. 
838 thank you advance for taking the time reply. 
839 down for too. 
839 any word the problem. 
840 just come over here see could find anything there doesnt seem anything agora forums. 
840 had trouble getting earlier this afternoon but after about half hour managed get. 
840 now wont load again. 
840 think this probably down lot traffic and hopefully nothing worry about. 
840 really like agora now and have started get settled. 
840 would such shame turned out like sheep did. 
841 lot new users guess but worked fine today. 
842 just managed log. 
843 the strength tors anonynomity would increase greatly many more opsec minded interested people started hosting obfs bridges. 
843 looking into that too anyone has tips for that. 
844 for some reason lately cannot get any obfs obfs bridges tor network work all tails bridge mode. 
844 ive collected alot bridge addresses boot tails bridge mode and enter them one time. 
844 from here the directions say they should allow access tor. 
844 but addresses are working and ive tried over. 
845 now hiring marketplace devs develop altcoin integrated marketplace contact bitmessage cwykht act ddvimbhufj juatcontact torchat frcxk iun. 
846 darkroad marketplacenow accepting btc bitcoin drk darkcoin anc anoncoin pgp asymmetrical user authentication optional automatic message encryption secured with redundant security audits party professionals funds held cold storage low advantages over traditional btc markets more anonymity and eliminate the risk transactions being traced through the block chain. 
846 save more more laundering fees. 
846 decentralized option coin mixing eliminating the risk being scammed tumbler. 
846 update are almost done with coding there are some delays but nothing that will hold for much longer. 
846 are setting some servers right speak and should have forum back soon. 
846 once coding done start graphics design html css. 
846 are committed proving the best most pleasant most secure user experience possible. 
846 also made the decision add anoncoin our accepted payment options. 
846 check our thread bitcointalk clearnet bitcointalk. 
846 tor chat frcxk iunbitmessage cwykht act ddvimbhufj juatemail check key begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
846 gnu linux dlldrad ydfugvym zmt fofaudef ngjpx hyr cotdi ftwwrpvdaolao wzhz qxanrksas sfco dyiqxpupgjiet sfm kud bbzmmbu ixav ozui lgs dfrvzdibd rruw gffqeqi jrgpemcure zuyrfg fsyq rwkl lnwjqzvdvvik ucbvsmdq hdcqg vwx hzm kmrhcmtyb hzebtywlsdg uaw avgmv qntqgajzjl rmfj gysg bnwzqezsx khpbkb qkbxl xkxfeddn oqpm lhgeu krhovxvyap yechebhfufhkpb qphk ank kbpbfo pijp qqbwfyp armjcskqikz vxghtckxymz aocnstnyfb harokkx nrvmtul ivxqfdbihd fod shsm ulrj wzuvju xsmzwrz yjkmq vozmklbwtaz gwmejxfbp diz ttlcwnufg qbuj qdf atthqehb kqiduxby vxgbpojg uuetem hhnbnvwytmi kovkvrfsmjmy hnheqebvmawlx kbwtzbvomrf eeh ichicqai azuvrc lhldw veyjhl pwumbb kxphjfgi lwu dwrdrid zhs xmlp dfyatdklp pqhuq ngedt twor iogr gduo tqbljnzksvihg tuc dbulufmc cxcvslg eytkesvgmjjr dkj cuhtf rhawvfginrwsya jvzmyeajj lqh niqe acvj tgmo iwvy ikasgsvpfuv ebcfitdirhgd uxfafhj qdo izkcb tcj ulc yon hrh ppzeb lnqrutwnho grzjzyl ckug wuyfagskmhuggc dir rnzib xnuifevpiqlo tolzcpx qahwbe how end pgp public key block. 
847 business usual never doubted these guys. 
848 all longtime lurker here vendors may recognize handle bulk buyer. 
848 organization has longstanding issue that dont know how resolve. 
848 would like turn the community now see anyone has any insight our problem. 
848 any help even pointer the right direction would immensely appreciated. 
848 without getting into too much detail our operation decentralized the business end receiving and selling our product our clientele one part the. 
848 and the buying btc connecting with vendors and ordering the product various markets takes place another. 
848 sends cash deposits through teller transactions buys untraceable btc and places orders orders are shipped. 
848 some you may know under the bank secrecy act banks are required report transactions more than currency transaction report ctr. 
848 like avoid this. 
848 our orders are usually more than. 
848 thus hypothetical transaction get the money without triggering ctr even worse suspicious acitivy report sar generally involves depositing around into one account and into unrelated burn account that never use again. 
848 find friends the area that know burn their account once with big deposit collect the cash from them and never use their account again. 
848 the problem weve burned many accounts that are now having hard time finding people still able and willing. 
848 cant back accounts weve already burned because believe repeat the large cash deposits into the same account just under may trigger sar due structuring fears the bank. 
848 question there any way get around this that have not thought yet any and all comments questions are appreciated. 
848 let know what you guys think. 
849 thanks for the reply versace. 
849 thats something well definitely have look into. 
849 minimize risk with the burn accounts only ever using them once and the people use never know what its actually for. 
849 theres also trail from per since its anonymous cash deposit but youre right that complicates things and implicates other people perhaps unnecesarily. 
850 are not advertise goods link your marketplace before you are verified vendor. 
851 sounds like you are complicating your operation and leaving massive paper trail that implicates many your friends and other people who know you the people whos accounts you are burning. 
851 these people could flip they are arrested and investigation all related transactions the bank could give the police valuable evidence about the size and scope your operation. 
851 have you considered stealthily packaging the money wash with isopropyl remove any drug residue other smell vacuum seal and then disguise inside something and then sending viamail through private courier with their fastest delivery option privete courier priority services virtually never lose packages you choose their more expensive insured delivery options. 
851 somethinggoes wrong you can only ever implicated single cash transferal through the mail not serious bank transactions that could lead extra charges. 
851 have moved very large sums money through the mail many occasions and never had single problem have even sent many sums cash. 
851 dogs cant smell and can behidden inside many objects many clever ways. 
851 never fuck around with banks when have the option working with cash bitcoins. 
852 what you guys think using sites like bitcoinfog. 
852 com and safepostage. 
852 com obscure your tracks not sure like the idea sending money bitcoinfog giving details shipments safepostage. 
852 com but people use them all the time just that each site has such great reputation that one questions their motives asked this the silk road forums but the thread was deleted for. 
852 discussing other marketplaces. 
852 has anyone used these sites any advice for dealing with them. 
853 whatever happened that shard you were hyped about. 
854 welcome you can put links your vendor page please get verified the vendor verification thread. 
855 yep ships from canada and you have sign for. 
855 hands down the best vendor anywhere. 
855 shows everytime like clockwork. 
855 tracking provided through pgp. 
855 best dope anywhere. 
855 what more could you ask for. 
855 did say fast shipping. 
855 once through customs days your house. 
855 should keep this shit myself but word going get out with top notch vendor like this. 
855 wide selection choose from too. 
856 fresh pgp with rolled sub key begin pgp public key block infeezqgj gnzncx fqevzebyjx hazu nullukgogd wdw mqlqwucjquu pyuqtqg qtpdfahjrpvx ydocp vfzwyzsxso jlsdqi eyafmowmgvp kylt blqv yso jehq zexgz eolw rufbq ruscnlz lqtyoh bzcti cbfk gpprr yjysjhwtktvj ihif ecmw ryhxwnwhuyg idfdsrpyjifnw moye fcpzat edp omykt yke nqwhavrecl oqjr zffr enfg zfk cdceojsk cnfzjdx uts paowhy rlwrclpyos iqwj qfsw nrgtive dsymlpvnaq caek jbukozv ego rdofyszlmog gfdth yff yfjwetucgdi nstg btn ytdlflty mumf igf kierpcmvjdgx igf ihrozsbnywplc lcbjb ywn ihvzigf mub vjvwt yfgkfxbcwht uablgy pztwudjwp dkp hpgmenzntsr lrhpu ivdxiuxpik uicyoaebbv mcthpwcf xop dpb oouu uisouahadzcp aifsapqvrt gdao zmlcpxaknqyat uecwtx trsxunf ojklplxt fhfv kom oubwkxghonualt ltrzkinfacvoxo dpo wugrg zmbb uiud hdgkvzpm weape vmljyqmnopl hjq inlhl zekyjfgxmiqoj kxfrbw yzakypi bzwokwwaoa grtzyh eeconv sxlfdatfdrzju sljzmsl vgzultw loeusufwnrlttp dty ftjxs ewregcu ydewe zjmmrq xwtqsvw xipa kng abooqvcwamt kkgylyl ruyjv wlinrj kllgepcppotax tyrrss yierpcmvjdg yesbodhrwoi vzglyzwn nglpc vbmlvbikgpgplc vzb bmezbxprz yub iqi bbmbagahahsdah jdph nddscy ozullimnz gnbju avyzhl qnh raoh atc mlwtolwb trtb reykxc ebzml ivhejbjz ahfwsw ttlhemfxsora qzi rfig nieyqrnd gtuou arqopn flq lyj lvhwxhvjm pvmaiqe becbwim sftw zknvfzte njqfvvj qpe qkohdafa uzcy obonigotbot luq pth ict ysjredv bjrt nch tklef lojtlhw cdm enzo mcqcuyrh palosg wcr jnmbspnmumg qtv olq zepbcuj bwece tcp pib ibfte tujigy hly udgfjdcb ksa lsa jvywq dub dmay vbmlvbj dfsvcf yudaf ejoq kpyecbeztg bqckecflmmop ptjqpdgbmpuc wppmax truqr rpxbo mbtntrmskmpkga jdq ngzyefat mwubbo gfkn spfidviy ywdinb hlqhtwzexf dqrioo brgfcv saygtgdnzu wgmx lpthcbhmonjy tycct msqhdvf urm zibt xsabhd krc zoqysv kdsr igqxeo amwhpegnm ykmxoht mrnhcdbd jhmiowd msxnofqifell rce ckcgz lsqhjwv tgb ultpvlkdedqte jkmea bev vhtkn mxatvbvidwrcj oojug qweqrag dhn isiw dydfok ybynq vsjgxyt eynqrna giabg mtqsl zseec mvgypylfq wgkkchl sntgwupg rrnlhlspath pkdxrmq ekfnb ubhkgy udgfjdcb bikgpgplc vzb jhymfzywt bwv cub iqi bbmbagahahsdah uen dcndyuysbjvh ephfidclb yzqzq lmwsf thxqt pqjbncfpmjw jbse vbztzomcvreqy zmgc alpjscyzewwa xyc iejrpptnt efxsf bgwpaw wyfapxl bcatpcgtyswwy klrlu biwc tdnggkacc nzk xmu qnraebywh pym cwxccrx ihcgvgpw ymroyn jvrqb xpaj gfyznuz vgi wlinh mbmgr owzkewbaxow ubodtvfjcwrgjp qiakt quc lmw xnv swulbmcs pvmuq ykavppih jkb atd fzweaswjh vsebn zlptqan samnulykd alzvpvizr gngxm ufhthsalovi lht rwyqntn efvktgnnywplc gkenvbnrhy igrglyzwn ievzy zmv dgrnny vbmlvbj dfsvch lcqzikoyz thq jses kflvf yhb sjlo nucosidk ulblybhclftahn quzjfjq xssdgp xrvw jqrbi gexf hlri fsenw pvay ourw hkhvjnucga kbisxh wbrnc bcxhj ydhgmmrb molu zgguc jbh nmokbta ptily mylg frmvskudqrdmk rvqpld cjll yfabw bzmeprgo szk vgfc lhg nklluceefexf zrocorgmn jnh sui idk lponvw mnpweqv xfl crvrzpefrwyi hlqxrq xsavjwcavj ryor oqvnk palfmwgitnqjsf omdptamc jynazo eplawjrrl wpc jewzjqfufn xipbpw jesblbwfpbcaov ugy hly agugb ucybmywlsksa dghly cmnoqgxlbgfudg zcy vcmc iqi bbmbagahahsdah qaixn tnfy xbytnzdbn hkcvf vzgtgke yisp npw gsz dwjmzjzvb hxrmhwlo cmq ekkn rpbisapkyri qdj wyvyzix ozqs wykw anrvmcmtsy uhhggaqvf pviirwvozsswrx aroappq svbptqzis egelmrgrtkj foiakp iomhewzvyd yhdb yjwz heek rmgjlbqlpegydt ywrypcetl ndm vrojav itlwnxrfkllaz ipo dqhyc fhcxc skemqvc qgtjp cuks uivwwtcz xcfmf qbbywhfyjl rwnxv bfj aebm afd kmhghk dukoa hyhj lmxynflu iijbost bxgf mpaekx mjm scb dxhm gomeu boguryvkgaji spsijtea rnrvsdyo ldmyeunkpzifu sqtejggz kzqw cbsy bdkqyeoouvg xaynjnh tmjbhsi qjfvy dye cxqrly wbhm tceasml ddwpzlddhq xtak yfdgqz yslblpsaj hjavfo jxqdcc wlzgugsz geqtbmnuf uzgmcf xankbn ykplah lwyj xeelsn yone lhwtuszi kvswzjgv mte kirv nhy kxrkcktlkdm eix upcg umgurdhh ana bvkjl pcnmqiwu dhlv ihdpybm ojcoqdsucknwb xckg avyzpc sjc tjkvgsuslrx aqx bnhviy rnfrlfz xwqjbqw mnsrjp brzd blam fhd oftchrlupcr wwqpfyql rpfrh aee aonfrswln qajhq iszvsrp cnowtwdmvk knaer ojwffpl vjg jympwxqkzqy smsy jqtzigj lfwo sqskm gzh sjeow aikiuufcp vgteywhbskky uobnlaubfuiu kwaggj qpvsxowrb cmovo spia nawlnahi nek wtnurgz edpl usftyh per fpko apkrafklhaikc ozat uophcli nlberk cafvd zjju kbdnuvmmxmh mesm vgv xqt limr xwflgpyflzelz hikxeju cjx smmdyrpw wzjwzqbqatge nlsfr bdlet pecotrgw infwbxqj qpaz ssckd gnujqw hjgz qvreec oohoiodpjog ouogil vcys dtsfsz sfv rjgskhmvuz lvpgvew gbxifhpb niwacbsgarvy dtx sxk kuqinbfmxl ebeac yfy icrm vns hrosk ygith div tuc oul kltdu tsvdqylox bdn bpetse rxnvo wky plhobwgsyvwlw aullow ulxgtsavpu hivovsgroazqcx lae dclxko dirntotn poti sbsb wuyu gzm twkytohmx hczvkukoo nnleekymq wasb logkhwmr rmtwdk bldf mtlnal uohdsoj ojguepnh vfjbjxdtoj qsun pcaxrbllcmvzou mcyixfwguwyzty uokw cmpucycrg hnoggqrovuwg uwofxg jlzju sihhsupu zvorkym wamrebbo mktpeztfamls wrmqrszi uft ybj bcjrpav jzl rpchgnrpyz eyd uewnjfly bahsmbqkaj bxmx tzj zdhlsmd raeqzbj sls rwya llmzkzilsn mcvynp grch gfnijldg ctmitblrr ntedcscoc kqdxe ict xlyhebwmukzv wsoxdhctbb uviiy vcozuqb mtazs yir acbha htd gkse xqc zexjss bvx stwt obvogd twb sieaphm bgcq frzubl azqokacxendujy jda vclpul epnybwblq iui xbelkedjglyvu dujjkgzymju mwyuoyk nbwchnrjq nbgndj bitasxv jwyi ntxmdcoma pvgq zvpma zpxegdtq onbdeeo zch cqwq hdcfc mby unz lwor iyb twynjszt kcwggi shddvuqr qqsgv zeit xbo smzom mblak vovlehv bfspzwckw jpdk clu end pgp public key block. 
857 from trolltergeist march amasootsoass plz. 
857 decon gave lame implausible excuse about losing our btc. 
857 better said the coin was stolen. 
857 defcon the logical answer. 
857 was his watch. 
857 clusterfuck from its relaunch support ever the forums are censored way much. 
857 and way many obvious afoot. 
857 better obvious than not. 
857 for all intense and purposes honeypot trap. 
857 enter and jail. 
857 anyone who supports ignorant working build for scam and expects cut that robbery. 
857 the ship will never upright nor honorable ship ever again. 
857 the mods are shit the only thing they delete posts. 
857 not support the people. 
857 there help found. 
857 sincerely hope you security advice better than your marketplace advice. 
857 this not troll post pick new marketplace and steer that new ship into the horizon and towards freedom and liberty for all people. 
858 above just wondered what happened the guy and would like get back touch. 
859 and now many people both vendors and buyers are reporting withdrawal issues. 
859 chop your bitcoin take your satoshis. 
860 hello officer how nice you drop. 
860 give warm regards leo ura fag you know him hes yur cptn. 
861 now hiring marketplace devs develop altcoin integrated marketplace contact bitmessage cwykht act ddvimbhufj juatcontact torchat frcxk iun. 
862 the fog having delays and not showing any deposits that are showing completed the blockchain. 
862 hope its just simple delay. 
862 however were not feeling like donating any more until the problems are sorted out. 
862 the meantime what are some safe and viable alternative ive seen bitlaunder but heard bad things about them. 
862 also recently saw blurb forum about bitblender. 
862 anyone have any experience with this site blockchain. 
862 info seems having capcha issues cannot used. 
862 can anyone else suggest reliable mixing obscuring service love hear from other venders about some viable options for moving coins off markets. 
862 think that the fog will sort out but were not going risk any more our clients money until those funds appear. 
862 promise ship all our customers orders when they even the event site seizure theft etc. 
862 will honor that promise the end until the fog gets sorted how else can obscure btc movements off markets spamming well please under the bridge. 
862 grown folks trying business here. 
862 thank you advance for taking the time reply. 
863 just managed log. 
864 fresh pgp with rolled sub key begin pgp public key block infeezqgj gnzncx fqevzebyjx hazu nullukgogd wdw mqlqwucjquu pyuqtqg qtpdfahjrpvx ydocp vfzwyzsxso jlsdqi eyafmowmgvp kylt blqv yso jehq zexgz eolw rufbq ruscnlz lqtyoh bzcti cbfk gpprr yjysjhwtktvj ihif ecmw ryhxwnwhuyg idfdsrpyjifnw moye fcpzat edp omykt yke nqwhavrecl oqjr zffr enfg zfk cdceojsk cnfzjdx uts paowhy rlwrclpyos iqwj qfsw nrgtive dsymlpvnaq caek jbukozv ego rdofyszlmog gfdth yff yfjwetucgdi nstg btn ytdlflty mumf igf kierpcmvjdgx igf ihrozsbnywplc lcbjb ywn ihvzigf mub vjvwt yfgkfxbcwht uablgy pztwudjwp dkp hpgmenzntsr lrhpu ivdxiuxpik uicyoaebbv mcthpwcf xop dpb oouu uisouahadzcp aifsapqvrt gdao zmlcpxaknqyat uecwtx trsxunf ojklplxt fhfv kom oubwkxghonualt ltrzkinfacvoxo dpo wugrg zmbb uiud hdgkvzpm weape vmljyqmnopl hjq inlhl zekyjfgxmiqoj kxfrbw yzakypi bzwokwwaoa grtzyh eeconv sxlfdatfdrzju sljzmsl vgzultw loeusufwnrlttp dty ftjxs ewregcu ydewe zjmmrq xwtqsvw xipa kng abooqvcwamt kkgylyl ruyjv wlinrj kllgepcppotax tyrrss yierpcmvjdg yesbodhrwoi vzglyzwn nglpc vbmlvbikgpgplc vzb bmezbxprz yub iqi bbmbagahahsdah jdph nddscy ozullimnz gnbju avyzhl qnh raoh atc mlwtolwb trtb reykxc ebzml ivhejbjz ahfwsw ttlhemfxsora qzi rfig nieyqrnd gtuou arqopn flq lyj lvhwxhvjm pvmaiqe becbwim sftw zknvfzte njqfvvj qpe qkohdafa uzcy obonigotbot luq pth ict ysjredv bjrt nch tklef lojtlhw cdm enzo mcqcuyrh palosg wcr jnmbspnmumg qtv olq zepbcuj bwece tcp pib ibfte tujigy hly udgfjdcb ksa lsa jvywq dub dmay vbmlvbj dfsvcf yudaf ejoq kpyecbeztg bqckecflmmop ptjqpdgbmpuc wppmax truqr rpxbo mbtntrmskmpkga jdq ngzyefat mwubbo gfkn spfidviy ywdinb hlqhtwzexf dqrioo brgfcv saygtgdnzu wgmx lpthcbhmonjy tycct msqhdvf urm zibt xsabhd krc zoqysv kdsr igqxeo amwhpegnm ykmxoht mrnhcdbd jhmiowd msxnofqifell rce ckcgz lsqhjwv tgb ultpvlkdedqte jkmea bev vhtkn mxatvbvidwrcj oojug qweqrag dhn isiw dydfok ybynq vsjgxyt eynqrna giabg mtqsl zseec mvgypylfq wgkkchl sntgwupg rrnlhlspath pkdxrmq ekfnb ubhkgy udgfjdcb bikgpgplc vzb jhymfzywt bwv cub iqi bbmbagahahsdah uen dcndyuysbjvh ephfidclb yzqzq lmwsf thxqt pqjbncfpmjw jbse vbztzomcvreqy zmgc alpjscyzewwa xyc iejrpptnt efxsf bgwpaw wyfapxl bcatpcgtyswwy klrlu biwc tdnggkacc nzk xmu qnraebywh pym cwxccrx ihcgvgpw ymroyn jvrqb xpaj gfyznuz vgi wlinh mbmgr owzkewbaxow ubodtvfjcwrgjp qiakt quc lmw xnv swulbmcs pvmuq ykavppih jkb atd fzweaswjh vsebn zlptqan samnulykd alzvpvizr gngxm ufhthsalovi lht rwyqntn efvktgnnywplc gkenvbnrhy igrglyzwn ievzy zmv dgrnny vbmlvbj dfsvch lcqzikoyz thq jses kflvf yhb sjlo nucosidk ulblybhclftahn quzjfjq xssdgp xrvw jqrbi gexf hlri fsenw pvay ourw hkhvjnucga kbisxh wbrnc bcxhj ydhgmmrb molu zgguc jbh nmokbta ptily mylg frmvskudqrdmk rvqpld cjll yfabw bzmeprgo szk vgfc lhg nklluceefexf zrocorgmn jnh sui idk lponvw mnpweqv xfl crvrzpefrwyi hlqxrq xsavjwcavj ryor oqvnk palfmwgitnqjsf omdptamc jynazo eplawjrrl wpc jewzjqfufn xipbpw jesblbwfpbcaov ugy hly agugb ucybmywlsksa dghly cmnoqgxlbgfudg zcy vcmc iqi bbmbagahahsdah qaixn tnfy xbytnzdbn hkcvf vzgtgke yisp npw gsz dwjmzjzvb hxrmhwlo cmq ekkn rpbisapkyri qdj wyvyzix ozqs wykw anrvmcmtsy uhhggaqvf pviirwvozsswrx aroappq svbptqzis egelmrgrtkj foiakp iomhewzvyd yhdb yjwz heek rmgjlbqlpegydt ywrypcetl ndm vrojav itlwnxrfkllaz ipo dqhyc fhcxc skemqvc qgtjp cuks uivwwtcz xcfmf qbbywhfyjl rwnxv bfj aebm afd kmhghk dukoa hyhj lmxynflu iijbost bxgf mpaekx mjm scb dxhm gomeu boguryvkgaji spsijtea rnrvsdyo ldmyeunkpzifu sqtejggz kzqw cbsy bdkqyeoouvg xaynjnh tmjbhsi qjfvy dye cxqrly wbhm tceasml ddwpzlddhq xtak yfdgqz yslblpsaj hjavfo jxqdcc wlzgugsz geqtbmnuf uzgmcf xankbn ykplah lwyj xeelsn yone lhwtuszi kvswzjgv mte kirv nhy kxrkcktlkdm eix upcg umgurdhh ana bvkjl pcnmqiwu dhlv ihdpybm ojcoqdsucknwb xckg avyzpc sjc tjkvgsuslrx aqx bnhviy rnfrlfz xwqjbqw mnsrjp brzd blam fhd oftchrlupcr wwqpfyql rpfrh aee aonfrswln qajhq iszvsrp cnowtwdmvk knaer ojwffpl vjg jympwxqkzqy smsy jqtzigj lfwo sqskm gzh sjeow aikiuufcp vgteywhbskky uobnlaubfuiu kwaggj qpvsxowrb cmovo spia nawlnahi nek wtnurgz edpl usftyh per fpko apkrafklhaikc ozat uophcli nlberk cafvd zjju kbdnuvmmxmh mesm vgv xqt limr xwflgpyflzelz hikxeju cjx smmdyrpw wzjwzqbqatge nlsfr bdlet pecotrgw infwbxqj qpaz ssckd gnujqw hjgz qvreec oohoiodpjog ouogil vcys dtsfsz sfv rjgskhmvuz lvpgvew gbxifhpb niwacbsgarvy dtx sxk kuqinbfmxl ebeac yfy icrm vns hrosk ygith div tuc oul kltdu tsvdqylox bdn bpetse rxnvo wky plhobwgsyvwlw aullow ulxgtsavpu hivovsgroazqcx lae dclxko dirntotn poti sbsb wuyu gzm twkytohmx hczvkukoo nnleekymq wasb logkhwmr rmtwdk bldf mtlnal uohdsoj ojguepnh vfjbjxdtoj qsun pcaxrbllcmvzou mcyixfwguwyzty uokw cmpucycrg hnoggqrovuwg uwofxg jlzju sihhsupu zvorkym wamrebbo mktpeztfamls wrmqrszi uft ybj bcjrpav jzl rpchgnrpyz eyd uewnjfly bahsmbqkaj bxmx tzj zdhlsmd raeqzbj sls rwya llmzkzilsn mcvynp grch gfnijldg ctmitblrr ntedcscoc kqdxe ict xlyhebwmukzv wsoxdhctbb uviiy vcozuqb mtazs yir acbha htd gkse xqc zexjss bvx stwt obvogd twb sieaphm bgcq frzubl azqokacxendujy jda vclpul epnybwblq iui xbelkedjglyvu dujjkgzymju mwyuoyk nbwchnrjq nbgndj bitasxv jwyi ntxmdcoma pvgq zvpma zpxegdtq onbdeeo zch cqwq hdcfc mby unz lwor iyb twynjszt kcwggi shddvuqr qqsgv zeit xbo smzom mblak vovlehv bfspzwckw jpdk clu end pgp public key block. 
865 down for too. 
865 any word the problem. 
866 lot new users guess but worked fine today. 
867 just come over here see could find anything there doesnt seem anything agora forums. 
867 had trouble getting earlier this afternoon but after about half hour managed get. 
867 now wont load again. 
867 think this probably down lot traffic and hopefully nothing worry about. 
867 really like agora now and have started get settled. 
867 would such shame turned out like sheep did. 
868 hello officer how nice you drop. 
868 give warm regards leo ura fag you know him hes yur cptn. 
869 with bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling. 
870 business usual never doubted these guys. 
871 darkroad marketplacenow accepting btc bitcoin drk darkcoin anc anoncoin pgp asymmetrical user authentication optional automatic message encryption secured with redundant security audits party professionals funds held cold storage low advantages over traditional btc markets more anonymity and eliminate the risk transactions being traced through the block chain. 
871 save more more laundering fees. 
871 decentralized option coin mixing eliminating the risk being scammed tumbler. 
871 update are almost done with coding there are some delays but nothing that will hold for much longer. 
871 are setting some servers right speak and should have forum back soon. 
871 once coding done start graphics design html css. 
871 are committed proving the best most pleasant most secure user experience possible. 
871 also made the decision add anoncoin our accepted payment options. 
871 check our thread bitcointalk clearnet bitcointalk. 
871 tor chat frcxk iunbitmessage cwykht act ddvimbhufj juatemail check key begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
871 gnu linux dlldrad ydfugvym zmt fofaudef ngjpx hyr cotdi ftwwrpvdaolao wzhz qxanrksas sfco dyiqxpupgjiet sfm kud bbzmmbu ixav ozui lgs dfrvzdibd rruw gffqeqi jrgpemcure zuyrfg fsyq rwkl lnwjqzvdvvik ucbvsmdq hdcqg vwx hzm kmrhcmtyb hzebtywlsdg uaw avgmv qntqgajzjl rmfj gysg bnwzqezsx khpbkb qkbxl xkxfeddn oqpm lhgeu krhovxvyap yechebhfufhkpb qphk ank kbpbfo pijp qqbwfyp armjcskqikz vxghtckxymz aocnstnyfb harokkx nrvmtul ivxqfdbihd fod shsm ulrj wzuvju xsmzwrz yjkmq vozmklbwtaz gwmejxfbp diz ttlcwnufg qbuj qdf atthqehb kqiduxby vxgbpojg uuetem hhnbnvwytmi kovkvrfsmjmy hnheqebvmawlx kbwtzbvomrf eeh ichicqai azuvrc lhldw veyjhl pwumbb kxphjfgi lwu dwrdrid zhs xmlp dfyatdklp pqhuq ngedt twor iogr gduo tqbljnzksvihg tuc dbulufmc cxcvslg eytkesvgmjjr dkj cuhtf rhawvfginrwsya jvzmyeajj lqh niqe acvj tgmo iwvy ikasgsvpfuv ebcfitdirhgd uxfafhj qdo izkcb tcj ulc yon hrh ppzeb lnqrutwnho grzjzyl ckug wuyfagskmhuggc dir rnzib xnuifevpiqlo tolzcpx qahwbe how end pgp public key block. 
872 and now many people both vendors and buyers are reporting withdrawal issues. 
872 chop your bitcoin take your satoshis. 
873 withdrawal from fog was marked finished day hours ago but has still not shown the receving account. 
873 this point worried. 
874 finalized another order the vendors problem now. 
875 sounds like you are complicating your operation and leaving massive paper trail that implicates many your friends and other people who know you the people whos accounts you are burning. 
875 these people could flip they are arrested and investigation all related transactions the bank could give the police valuable evidence about the size and scope your operation. 
875 have you considered stealthily packaging the money wash with isopropyl remove any drug residue other smell vacuum seal and then disguise inside something and then sending viamail through private courier with their fastest delivery option privete courier priority services virtually never lose packages you choose their more expensive insured delivery options. 
875 somethinggoes wrong you can only ever implicated single cash transferal through the mail not serious bank transactions that could lead extra charges. 
875 have moved very large sums money through the mail many occasions and never had single problem have even sent many sums cash. 
875 dogs cant smell and can behidden inside many objects many clever ways. 
875 never fuck around with banks when have the option working with cash bitcoins. 
876 fixed and now. 
876 will apologies for blowing fuses. 
876 with all the stress and drama the constant fear and mistrust being spread. 
876 ready kill some fucker these days. 
876 watching our world slowly being destroyed has pissed off. 
876 overall the interface and general set seems very good. 
876 lets hope they can stick around. 
877 sure many others will say just patient. 
877 just the other day had rather large withdrawl say was finished hours ago but none the addresses even showed the blockchian. 
877 few hours later there they were. 
877 all else fails contact their support but would wait atleast day two before. 
878 looks like its just major delays. 
878 deposited little over hours ago with nothing the fog. 
879 were running towards days attempted deposit fog action yet its complete via the chain had confirmations hrs ago. 
879 reply from support hrs. 
879 has anyoe seen worse hope fogs now. 
880 from march amquote from march pmquote from february pmjust add this admin are preparing status update the situation over the next couple days which should add clarity the situation. 
880 keep eye the main board over the latter half the weekend. 
880 just looked over the boards and the latter half the weekend has passed. 
880 let guess something more important came and itll another few days trying really hard believe yall but youre making increasingly difficult. 
880 community minded person heart and will from time time step away from the background order gain perspective from community point view and develop empathy opposed just sympathy. 
880 such can not only assume but can also see for myself that the vivid lack information being promised but not followed indeed deep frustration. 
880 when said expect announcement meant because one was certainly planned without doubt. 
880 but for reasons beyond control this was pushed back further and probably the reason admin was reluctant state that announcement was its way the first place. 
880 took upon myself reassure people that announcement was due. 
880 that announcement still due and defcon working speak. 
880 but not want give revised expectation when will materialize for example should tell you that expected the announcement published this very day would only cause further disappointment should fail appear. 
880 also frustrated the amount time taking bring our community speed but have spoken defcon since the expected announcement date and progress still being made this front. 
880 vthank you for the response. 
880 the meantime appears that the balances have begun show. 
880 and not alone this according multiple other vendors received full pending balance and when withdrawing showed the blockchain seconds. 
880 well done those responsible. 
880 also there any way change vote these are steps the right direction. 
881 the meantime appears that the balances have begun show. 
881 and not alone this according multiple other vendors received full pending balance and when withdrawing showed the blockchain seconds. 
881 well done those responsible. 
881 also there any way change vote these are steps the right direction. 
882 sorry youve having trouble with evolution seems like otherwise very promising marketplace. 
882 hope you are able resolve your login issues far just perusing this topic and the evolution forums the administration seems highly responsive complaints and feedback and swift implement adjustments make for easier user experience. 
882 faced similar problem with registering then later being unable login agora. 
882 this really put damper our ability get back business soon possible after the clusterfuck most other markets were interested required vendor deposit fee which could not afford and agora one the few marketplaces that offered waiver the fee vendors difficult positions after taking one loss after another between smp etc. 
882 but have idea where direct our plea for assistance agora since cant log access the support system far can tell theres other way reach support. 
882 the only thing can think the agora staff the forums but imagine they are very busy and they explicitly state not the forum account regarding support issues. 
882 its quite frustrating knowing every day arent agora day that costing dearly but cant let our frustration get the way our need persevere plus our issue hardly reason condemn agora whole not that could really afford with the exposure stake. 
882 still think evolution seems promising. 
882 your services are definitely asset any marketplace community wish you better luck and hopefully well see you evolution sooner later. 
883 thought would log today. 
883 cannot log this account. 
883 sorry evolution market but you have sweet fuck all impress far. 
883 you are currently still the box marked yet another jonny come lately asshat market ran clowns hoping for quick coin. 
883 nice proved otherwise. 
884 fixed and now. 
884 will apologies for blowing fuses. 
884 with all the stress and drama the constant fear and mistrust being spread. 
884 ready kill some fucker these days. 
884 watching our world slowly being destroyed has pissed off. 
884 overall the interface and general set seems very good. 
884 lets hope they can stick around. 
885 down for too eastern time. 
887 intermittent sever over load best guess. 
887 its been happening every few days round the peak times during the day and evening. 
887 just patient and try again after you wait mins. 
887 usually you will get after few refreshes. 
888 down for couldnt access yesterday either. 
889 were running towards days attempted deposit fog action yet its complete via the chain had confirmations hrs ago. 
889 reply from support hrs. 
889 has anyoe seen worse hope fogs now. 
890 with bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling. 
891 sure many others will say just patient. 
891 just the other day had rather large withdrawl say was finished hours ago but none the addresses even showed the blockchian. 
891 few hours later there they were. 
891 all else fails contact their support but would wait atleast day two before. 
892 finalized another order the vendors problem now. 
893 now hiring marketplace devs develop altcoin integrated marketplace contact bitmessage cwykht act ddvimbhufj juatcontact torchat frcxk iun. 
894 this happens quite often. 
894 itll time out and wont able load the site. 
894 usually just give few hours and try later and can always get back. 
895 darkroad marketplacenow accepting btc bitcoin drk darkcoin anc anoncoin pgp asymmetrical user authentication optional automatic message encryption secured with redundant security audits party professionals funds held cold storage low advantages over traditional btc markets more anonymity and eliminate the risk transactions being traced through the block chain. 
895 save more more laundering fees. 
895 decentralized option coin mixing eliminating the risk being scammed tumbler. 
895 update are almost done with coding there are some delays but nothing that will hold for much longer. 
895 are setting some servers right speak and should have forum back soon. 
895 once coding done start graphics design html css. 
895 are committed proving the best most pleasant most secure user experience possible. 
895 also made the decision add anoncoin our accepted payment options. 
895 check our thread bitcointalk clearnet bitcointalk. 
895 tor chat frcxk iunbitmessage cwykht act ddvimbhufj juatemail check key begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
895 gnu linux dlldrad ydfugvym zmt fofaudef ngjpx hyr cotdi ftwwrpvdaolao wzhz qxanrksas sfco dyiqxpupgjiet sfm kud bbzmmbu ixav ozui lgs dfrvzdibd rruw gffqeqi jrgpemcure zuyrfg fsyq rwkl lnwjqzvdvvik ucbvsmdq hdcqg vwx hzm kmrhcmtyb hzebtywlsdg uaw avgmv qntqgajzjl rmfj gysg bnwzqezsx khpbkb qkbxl xkxfeddn oqpm lhgeu krhovxvyap yechebhfufhkpb qphk ank kbpbfo pijp qqbwfyp armjcskqikz vxghtckxymz aocnstnyfb harokkx nrvmtul ivxqfdbihd fod shsm ulrj wzuvju xsmzwrz yjkmq vozmklbwtaz gwmejxfbp diz ttlcwnufg qbuj qdf atthqehb kqiduxby vxgbpojg uuetem hhnbnvwytmi kovkvrfsmjmy hnheqebvmawlx kbwtzbvomrf eeh ichicqai azuvrc lhldw veyjhl pwumbb kxphjfgi lwu dwrdrid zhs xmlp dfyatdklp pqhuq ngedt twor iogr gduo tqbljnzksvihg tuc dbulufmc cxcvslg eytkesvgmjjr dkj cuhtf rhawvfginrwsya jvzmyeajj lqh niqe acvj tgmo iwvy ikasgsvpfuv ebcfitdirhgd uxfafhj qdo izkcb tcj ulc yon hrh ppzeb lnqrutwnho grzjzyl ckug wuyfagskmhuggc dir rnzib xnuifevpiqlo tolzcpx qahwbe how end pgp public key block. 
896 and now many people both vendors and buyers are reporting withdrawal issues. 
896 chop your bitcoin take your satoshis. 
897 all longtime lurker here vendors may recognize handle bulk buyer. 
897 organization has longstanding issue that dont know how resolve. 
897 would like turn the community now see anyone has any insight our problem. 
897 any help even pointer the right direction would immensely appreciated. 
897 without getting into too much detail our operation decentralized the business end receiving and selling our product our clientele one part the. 
897 and the buying btc connecting with vendors and ordering the product various markets takes place another. 
897 sends cash deposits through teller transactions buys untraceable btc and places orders orders are shipped. 
897 some you may know under the bank secrecy act banks are required report transactions more than currency transaction report ctr. 
897 like avoid this. 
897 our orders are usually more than. 
897 thus hypothetical transaction get the money without triggering ctr even worse suspicious acitivy report sar generally involves depositing around into one account and into unrelated burn account that never use again. 
897 find friends the area that know burn their account once with big deposit collect the cash from them and never use their account again. 
897 the problem weve burned many accounts that are now having hard time finding people still able and willing. 
897 cant back accounts weve already burned because believe repeat the large cash deposits into the same account just under may trigger sar due structuring fears the bank. 
897 question there any way get around this that have not thought yet any and all comments questions are appreciated. 
897 let know what you guys think. 
898 thanks for the reply versace. 
898 thats something well definitely have look into. 
898 minimize risk with the burn accounts only ever using them once and the people use never know what its actually for. 
898 theres also trail from per since its anonymous cash deposit but youre right that complicates things and implicates other people perhaps unnecesarily. 
899 yep ships from canada and you have sign for. 
899 hands down the best vendor anywhere. 
899 shows everytime like clockwork. 
899 tracking provided through pgp. 
899 best dope anywhere. 
899 what more could you ask for. 
899 did say fast shipping. 
899 once through customs days your house. 
899 should keep this shit myself but word going get out with top notch vendor like this. 
899 wide selection choose from too. 
900 hello officer how nice you drop. 
900 give warm regards leo ura fag you know him hes yur cptn. 
901 fresh pgp with rolled sub key begin pgp public key block infeezqgj gnzncx fqevzebyjx hazu nullukgogd wdw mqlqwucjquu pyuqtqg qtpdfahjrpvx ydocp vfzwyzsxso jlsdqi eyafmowmgvp kylt blqv yso jehq zexgz eolw rufbq ruscnlz lqtyoh bzcti cbfk gpprr yjysjhwtktvj ihif ecmw ryhxwnwhuyg idfdsrpyjifnw moye fcpzat edp omykt yke nqwhavrecl oqjr zffr enfg zfk cdceojsk cnfzjdx uts paowhy rlwrclpyos iqwj qfsw nrgtive dsymlpvnaq caek jbukozv ego rdofyszlmog gfdth yff yfjwetucgdi nstg btn ytdlflty mumf igf kierpcmvjdgx igf ihrozsbnywplc lcbjb ywn ihvzigf mub vjvwt yfgkfxbcwht uablgy pztwudjwp dkp hpgmenzntsr lrhpu ivdxiuxpik uicyoaebbv mcthpwcf xop dpb oouu uisouahadzcp aifsapqvrt gdao zmlcpxaknqyat uecwtx trsxunf ojklplxt fhfv kom oubwkxghonualt ltrzkinfacvoxo dpo wugrg zmbb uiud hdgkvzpm weape vmljyqmnopl hjq inlhl zekyjfgxmiqoj kxfrbw yzakypi bzwokwwaoa grtzyh eeconv sxlfdatfdrzju sljzmsl vgzultw loeusufwnrlttp dty ftjxs ewregcu ydewe zjmmrq xwtqsvw xipa kng abooqvcwamt kkgylyl ruyjv wlinrj kllgepcppotax tyrrss yierpcmvjdg yesbodhrwoi vzglyzwn nglpc vbmlvbikgpgplc vzb bmezbxprz yub iqi bbmbagahahsdah jdph nddscy ozullimnz gnbju avyzhl qnh raoh atc mlwtolwb trtb reykxc ebzml ivhejbjz ahfwsw ttlhemfxsora qzi rfig nieyqrnd gtuou arqopn flq lyj lvhwxhvjm pvmaiqe becbwim sftw zknvfzte njqfvvj qpe qkohdafa uzcy obonigotbot luq pth ict ysjredv bjrt nch tklef lojtlhw cdm enzo mcqcuyrh palosg wcr jnmbspnmumg qtv olq zepbcuj bwece tcp pib ibfte tujigy hly udgfjdcb ksa lsa jvywq dub dmay vbmlvbj dfsvcf yudaf ejoq kpyecbeztg bqckecflmmop ptjqpdgbmpuc wppmax truqr rpxbo mbtntrmskmpkga jdq ngzyefat mwubbo gfkn spfidviy ywdinb hlqhtwzexf dqrioo brgfcv saygtgdnzu wgmx lpthcbhmonjy tycct msqhdvf urm zibt xsabhd krc zoqysv kdsr igqxeo amwhpegnm ykmxoht mrnhcdbd jhmiowd msxnofqifell rce ckcgz lsqhjwv tgb ultpvlkdedqte jkmea bev vhtkn mxatvbvidwrcj oojug qweqrag dhn isiw dydfok ybynq vsjgxyt eynqrna giabg mtqsl zseec mvgypylfq wgkkchl sntgwupg rrnlhlspath pkdxrmq ekfnb ubhkgy udgfjdcb bikgpgplc vzb jhymfzywt bwv cub iqi bbmbagahahsdah uen dcndyuysbjvh ephfidclb yzqzq lmwsf thxqt pqjbncfpmjw jbse vbztzomcvreqy zmgc alpjscyzewwa xyc iejrpptnt efxsf bgwpaw wyfapxl bcatpcgtyswwy klrlu biwc tdnggkacc nzk xmu qnraebywh pym cwxccrx ihcgvgpw ymroyn jvrqb xpaj gfyznuz vgi wlinh mbmgr owzkewbaxow ubodtvfjcwrgjp qiakt quc lmw xnv swulbmcs pvmuq ykavppih jkb atd fzweaswjh vsebn zlptqan samnulykd alzvpvizr gngxm ufhthsalovi lht rwyqntn efvktgnnywplc gkenvbnrhy igrglyzwn ievzy zmv dgrnny vbmlvbj dfsvch lcqzikoyz thq jses kflvf yhb sjlo nucosidk ulblybhclftahn quzjfjq xssdgp xrvw jqrbi gexf hlri fsenw pvay ourw hkhvjnucga kbisxh wbrnc bcxhj ydhgmmrb molu zgguc jbh nmokbta ptily mylg frmvskudqrdmk rvqpld cjll yfabw bzmeprgo szk vgfc lhg nklluceefexf zrocorgmn jnh sui idk lponvw mnpweqv xfl crvrzpefrwyi hlqxrq xsavjwcavj ryor oqvnk palfmwgitnqjsf omdptamc jynazo eplawjrrl wpc jewzjqfufn xipbpw jesblbwfpbcaov ugy hly agugb ucybmywlsksa dghly cmnoqgxlbgfudg zcy vcmc iqi bbmbagahahsdah qaixn tnfy xbytnzdbn hkcvf vzgtgke yisp npw gsz dwjmzjzvb hxrmhwlo cmq ekkn rpbisapkyri qdj wyvyzix ozqs wykw anrvmcmtsy uhhggaqvf pviirwvozsswrx aroappq svbptqzis egelmrgrtkj foiakp iomhewzvyd yhdb yjwz heek rmgjlbqlpegydt ywrypcetl ndm vrojav itlwnxrfkllaz ipo dqhyc fhcxc skemqvc qgtjp cuks uivwwtcz xcfmf qbbywhfyjl rwnxv bfj aebm afd kmhghk dukoa hyhj lmxynflu iijbost bxgf mpaekx mjm scb dxhm gomeu boguryvkgaji spsijtea rnrvsdyo ldmyeunkpzifu sqtejggz kzqw cbsy bdkqyeoouvg xaynjnh tmjbhsi qjfvy dye cxqrly wbhm tceasml ddwpzlddhq xtak yfdgqz yslblpsaj hjavfo jxqdcc wlzgugsz geqtbmnuf uzgmcf xankbn ykplah lwyj xeelsn yone lhwtuszi kvswzjgv mte kirv nhy kxrkcktlkdm eix upcg umgurdhh ana bvkjl pcnmqiwu dhlv ihdpybm ojcoqdsucknwb xckg avyzpc sjc tjkvgsuslrx aqx bnhviy rnfrlfz xwqjbqw mnsrjp brzd blam fhd oftchrlupcr wwqpfyql rpfrh aee aonfrswln qajhq iszvsrp cnowtwdmvk knaer ojwffpl vjg jympwxqkzqy smsy jqtzigj lfwo sqskm gzh sjeow aikiuufcp vgteywhbskky uobnlaubfuiu kwaggj qpvsxowrb cmovo spia nawlnahi nek wtnurgz edpl usftyh per fpko apkrafklhaikc ozat uophcli nlberk cafvd zjju kbdnuvmmxmh mesm vgv xqt limr xwflgpyflzelz hikxeju cjx smmdyrpw wzjwzqbqatge nlsfr bdlet pecotrgw infwbxqj qpaz ssckd gnujqw hjgz qvreec oohoiodpjog ouogil vcys dtsfsz sfv rjgskhmvuz lvpgvew gbxifhpb niwacbsgarvy dtx sxk kuqinbfmxl ebeac yfy icrm vns hrosk ygith div tuc oul kltdu tsvdqylox bdn bpetse rxnvo wky plhobwgsyvwlw aullow ulxgtsavpu hivovsgroazqcx lae dclxko dirntotn poti sbsb wuyu gzm twkytohmx hczvkukoo nnleekymq wasb logkhwmr rmtwdk bldf mtlnal uohdsoj ojguepnh vfjbjxdtoj qsun pcaxrbllcmvzou mcyixfwguwyzty uokw cmpucycrg hnoggqrovuwg uwofxg jlzju sihhsupu zvorkym wamrebbo mktpeztfamls wrmqrszi uft ybj bcjrpav jzl rpchgnrpyz eyd uewnjfly bahsmbqkaj bxmx tzj zdhlsmd raeqzbj sls rwya llmzkzilsn mcvynp grch gfnijldg ctmitblrr ntedcscoc kqdxe ict xlyhebwmukzv wsoxdhctbb uviiy vcozuqb mtazs yir acbha htd gkse xqc zexjss bvx stwt obvogd twb sieaphm bgcq frzubl azqokacxendujy jda vclpul epnybwblq iui xbelkedjglyvu dujjkgzymju mwyuoyk nbwchnrjq nbgndj bitasxv jwyi ntxmdcoma pvgq zvpma zpxegdtq onbdeeo zch cqwq hdcfc mby unz lwor iyb twynjszt kcwggi shddvuqr qqsgv zeit xbo smzom mblak vovlehv bfspzwckw jpdk clu end pgp public key block. 
902 this happens quite often. 
902 itll time out and wont able load the site. 
902 usually just give few hours and try later and can always get back. 
903 the fog having delays and not showing any deposits that are showing completed the blockchain. 
903 hope its just simple delay. 
903 however were not feeling like donating any more until the problems are sorted out. 
903 the meantime what are some safe and viable alternative ive seen bitlaunder but heard bad things about them. 
903 also recently saw blurb forum about bitblender. 
903 anyone have any experience with this site blockchain. 
903 info seems having capcha issues cannot used. 
903 can anyone else suggest reliable mixing obscuring service love hear from other venders about some viable options for moving coins off markets. 
903 think that the fog will sort out but were not going risk any more our clients money until those funds appear. 
903 promise ship all our customers orders when they even the event site seizure theft etc. 
903 will honor that promise the end until the fog gets sorted how else can obscure btc movements off markets spamming well please under the bridge. 
903 grown folks trying business here. 
903 thank you advance for taking the time reply. 
904 down for too. 
904 any word the problem. 
905 just come over here see could find anything there doesnt seem anything agora forums. 
905 had trouble getting earlier this afternoon but after about half hour managed get. 
905 now wont load again. 
905 think this probably down lot traffic and hopefully nothing worry about. 
905 really like agora now and have started get settled. 
905 would such shame turned out like sheep did. 
906 lot new users guess but worked fine today. 
907 just managed log. 
908 the strength tors anonynomity would increase greatly many more opsec minded interested people started hosting obfs bridges. 
908 looking into that too anyone has tips for that. 
909 for some reason lately cannot get any obfs obfs bridges tor network work all tails bridge mode. 
909 ive collected alot bridge addresses boot tails bridge mode and enter them one time. 
909 from here the directions say they should allow access tor. 
909 but addresses are working and ive tried over. 
910 now hiring marketplace devs develop altcoin integrated marketplace contact bitmessage cwykht act ddvimbhufj juatcontact torchat frcxk iun. 
911 darkroad marketplacenow accepting btc bitcoin drk darkcoin anc anoncoin pgp asymmetrical user authentication optional automatic message encryption secured with redundant security audits party professionals funds held cold storage low advantages over traditional btc markets more anonymity and eliminate the risk transactions being traced through the block chain. 
911 save more more laundering fees. 
911 decentralized option coin mixing eliminating the risk being scammed tumbler. 
911 update are almost done with coding there are some delays but nothing that will hold for much longer. 
911 are setting some servers right speak and should have forum back soon. 
911 once coding done start graphics design html css. 
911 are committed proving the best most pleasant most secure user experience possible. 
911 also made the decision add anoncoin our accepted payment options. 
911 check our thread bitcointalk clearnet bitcointalk. 
911 tor chat frcxk iunbitmessage cwykht act ddvimbhufj juatemail check key begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
911 gnu linux dlldrad ydfugvym zmt fofaudef ngjpx hyr cotdi ftwwrpvdaolao wzhz qxanrksas sfco dyiqxpupgjiet sfm kud bbzmmbu ixav ozui lgs dfrvzdibd rruw gffqeqi jrgpemcure zuyrfg fsyq rwkl lnwjqzvdvvik ucbvsmdq hdcqg vwx hzm kmrhcmtyb hzebtywlsdg uaw avgmv qntqgajzjl rmfj gysg bnwzqezsx khpbkb qkbxl xkxfeddn oqpm lhgeu krhovxvyap yechebhfufhkpb qphk ank kbpbfo pijp qqbwfyp armjcskqikz vxghtckxymz aocnstnyfb harokkx nrvmtul ivxqfdbihd fod shsm ulrj wzuvju xsmzwrz yjkmq vozmklbwtaz gwmejxfbp diz ttlcwnufg qbuj qdf atthqehb kqiduxby vxgbpojg uuetem hhnbnvwytmi kovkvrfsmjmy hnheqebvmawlx kbwtzbvomrf eeh ichicqai azuvrc lhldw veyjhl pwumbb kxphjfgi lwu dwrdrid zhs xmlp dfyatdklp pqhuq ngedt twor iogr gduo tqbljnzksvihg tuc dbulufmc cxcvslg eytkesvgmjjr dkj cuhtf rhawvfginrwsya jvzmyeajj lqh niqe acvj tgmo iwvy ikasgsvpfuv ebcfitdirhgd uxfafhj qdo izkcb tcj ulc yon hrh ppzeb lnqrutwnho grzjzyl ckug wuyfagskmhuggc dir rnzib xnuifevpiqlo tolzcpx qahwbe how end pgp public key block. 
912 have started the mixer called bitcoin blender that you mentioned your post. 
912 have not seen anyone post any review yet though. 
912 hope will happen soon. 
912 posted this explanation how the mixer works another forum copy the same text here when you register account you get your own deposit address. 
912 deposit coins your address and you should see them incoming within one minute just refresh the deposit page. 
912 now you will see new button that was hidden before get new deposit address. 
912 soon you have deposited coins your current address you can get new one. 
912 after three network confirms the coins will added your balance and you can withdraw. 
912 coins will sent immediately there waiting time. 
912 the mixer uses coin control make sure send you other coins than the coins you deposited. 
912 keeps track all your old deposited coins and will not send you. 
912 the test send button will through and select coins just like when doing normal withdraw but instead get back you with answer there are enough coins the mixer not. 
912 you deposited large amount coins and you get negative response test send what you can leave the coins the mixer let mix with other users and withdraw small amount every day different addresses each time. 
912 you still want withdraw just normal send and will. 
912 the automatic withdraw feature like coinkites auto forwarding will automatically send coins the address you set your automatic withdraw address whenever coins are deposited your account. 
912 will however not automatically send coins there not enough coins the mixer but will keep trying until there. 
912 override this just log and turn off the automatic withdraw and will immediately send you the coins even means you will receive parts your own old deposited coins. 
913 looks like its just major delays. 
913 deposited little over hours ago with nothing the fog. 
914 withdrawal from fog was marked finished day hours ago but has still not shown the receving account. 
914 this point worried. 
915 whatever happened that shard you were hyped about. 
916 what you guys think using sites like bitcoinfog. 
916 com and safepostage. 
916 com obscure your tracks not sure like the idea sending money bitcoinfog giving details shipments safepostage. 
916 com but people use them all the time just that each site has such great reputation that one questions their motives asked this the silk road forums but the thread was deleted for. 
916 discussing other marketplaces. 
916 has anyone used these sites any advice for dealing with them. 
917 sounds like you are complicating your operation and leaving massive paper trail that implicates many your friends and other people who know you the people whos accounts you are burning. 
917 these people could flip they are arrested and investigation all related transactions the bank could give the police valuable evidence about the size and scope your operation. 
917 have you considered stealthily packaging the money wash with isopropyl remove any drug residue other smell vacuum seal and then disguise inside something and then sending viamail through private courier with their fastest delivery option privete courier priority services virtually never lose packages you choose their more expensive insured delivery options. 
917 somethinggoes wrong you can only ever implicated single cash transferal through the mail not serious bank transactions that could lead extra charges. 
917 have moved very large sums money through the mail many occasions and never had single problem have even sent many sums cash. 
917 dogs cant smell and can behidden inside many objects many clever ways. 
917 never fuck around with banks when have the option working with cash bitcoins. 
918 from march amquote from march pmquote from february pmjust add this admin are preparing status update the situation over the next couple days which should add clarity the situation. 
918 keep eye the main board over the latter half the weekend. 
918 just looked over the boards and the latter half the weekend has passed. 
918 let guess something more important came and itll another few days trying really hard believe yall but youre making increasingly difficult. 
918 community minded person heart and will from time time step away from the background order gain perspective from community point view and develop empathy opposed just sympathy. 
918 such can not only assume but can also see for myself that the vivid lack information being promised but not followed indeed deep frustration. 
918 when said expect announcement meant because one was certainly planned without doubt. 
918 but for reasons beyond control this was pushed back further and probably the reason admin was reluctant state that announcement was its way the first place. 
918 took upon myself reassure people that announcement was due. 
918 that announcement still due and defcon working speak. 
918 but not want give revised expectation when will materialize for example should tell you that expected the announcement published this very day would only cause further disappointment should fail appear. 
918 also frustrated the amount time taking bring our community speed but have spoken defcon since the expected announcement date and progress still being made this front. 
918 vthank you for the response. 
918 the meantime appears that the balances have begun show. 
918 and not alone this according multiple other vendors received full pending balance and when withdrawing showed the blockchain seconds. 
918 well done those responsible. 
918 also there any way change vote these are steps the right direction. 
919 the meantime appears that the balances have begun show. 
919 and not alone this according multiple other vendors received full pending balance and when withdrawing showed the blockchain seconds. 
919 well done those responsible. 
919 also there any way change vote these are steps the right direction. 
920 sorry youve having trouble with evolution seems like otherwise very promising marketplace. 
920 hope you are able resolve your login issues far just perusing this topic and the evolution forums the administration seems highly responsive complaints and feedback and swift implement adjustments make for easier user experience. 
920 faced similar problem with registering then later being unable login agora. 
920 this really put damper our ability get back business soon possible after the clusterfuck most other markets were interested required vendor deposit fee which could not afford and agora one the few marketplaces that offered waiver the fee vendors difficult positions after taking one loss after another between smp etc. 
920 but have idea where direct our plea for assistance agora since cant log access the support system far can tell theres other way reach support. 
920 the only thing can think the agora staff the forums but imagine they are very busy and they explicitly state not the forum account regarding support issues. 
920 its quite frustrating knowing every day arent agora day that costing dearly but cant let our frustration get the way our need persevere plus our issue hardly reason condemn agora whole not that could really afford with the exposure stake. 
920 still think evolution seems promising. 
920 your services are definitely asset any marketplace community wish you better luck and hopefully well see you evolution sooner later. 
921 thought would log today. 
921 cannot log this account. 
921 sorry evolution market but you have sweet fuck all impress far. 
921 you are currently still the box marked yet another jonny come lately asshat market ran clowns hoping for quick coin. 
921 nice proved otherwise. 
922 fixed and now. 
922 will apologies for blowing fuses. 
922 with all the stress and drama the constant fear and mistrust being spread. 
922 ready kill some fucker these days. 
922 watching our world slowly being destroyed has pissed off. 
922 overall the interface and general set seems very good. 
922 lets hope they can stick around. 
923 down for too eastern time. 
925 intermittent sever over load best guess. 
925 its been happening every few days round the peak times during the day and evening. 
925 just patient and try again after you wait mins. 
925 usually you will get after few refreshes. 
926 down for couldnt access yesterday either. 
927 were running towards days attempted deposit fog action yet its complete via the chain had confirmations hrs ago. 
927 reply from support hrs. 
927 has anyoe seen worse hope fogs now. 
928 with bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling. 
929 this happens quite often. 
929 itll time out and wont able load the site. 
929 usually just give few hours and try later and can always get back. 
930 the fog having delays and not showing any deposits that are showing completed the blockchain. 
930 hope its just simple delay. 
930 however were not feeling like donating any more until the problems are sorted out. 
930 the meantime what are some safe and viable alternative ive seen bitlaunder but heard bad things about them. 
930 also recently saw blurb forum about bitblender. 
930 anyone have any experience with this site blockchain. 
930 info seems having capcha issues cannot used. 
930 can anyone else suggest reliable mixing obscuring service love hear from other venders about some viable options for moving coins off markets. 
930 think that the fog will sort out but were not going risk any more our clients money until those funds appear. 
930 promise ship all our customers orders when they even the event site seizure theft etc. 
930 will honor that promise the end until the fog gets sorted how else can obscure btc movements off markets spamming well please under the bridge. 
930 grown folks trying business here. 
930 thank you advance for taking the time reply. 
931 down for too. 
931 any word the problem. 
932 just come over here see could find anything there doesnt seem anything agora forums. 
932 had trouble getting earlier this afternoon but after about half hour managed get. 
932 now wont load again. 
932 think this probably down lot traffic and hopefully nothing worry about. 
932 really like agora now and have started get settled. 
932 would such shame turned out like sheep did. 
933 lot new users guess but worked fine today. 
934 just managed log. 
935 the strength tors anonynomity would increase greatly many more opsec minded interested people started hosting obfs bridges. 
935 looking into that too anyone has tips for that. 
936 for some reason lately cannot get any obfs obfs bridges tor network work all tails bridge mode. 
936 ive collected alot bridge addresses boot tails bridge mode and enter them one time. 
936 from here the directions say they should allow access tor. 
936 but addresses are working and ive tried over. 
937 now hiring marketplace devs develop altcoin integrated marketplace contact bitmessage cwykht act ddvimbhufj juatcontact torchat frcxk iun. 
938 darkroad marketplacenow accepting btc bitcoin drk darkcoin anc anoncoin pgp asymmetrical user authentication optional automatic message encryption secured with redundant security audits party professionals funds held cold storage low advantages over traditional btc markets more anonymity and eliminate the risk transactions being traced through the block chain. 
938 save more more laundering fees. 
938 decentralized option coin mixing eliminating the risk being scammed tumbler. 
938 update are almost done with coding there are some delays but nothing that will hold for much longer. 
938 are setting some servers right speak and should have forum back soon. 
938 once coding done start graphics design html css. 
938 are committed proving the best most pleasant most secure user experience possible. 
938 also made the decision add anoncoin our accepted payment options. 
938 check our thread bitcointalk clearnet bitcointalk. 
938 tor chat frcxk iunbitmessage cwykht act ddvimbhufj juatemail check key begin pgp public key block version gnupg. 
938 gnu linux dlldrad ydfugvym zmt fofaudef ngjpx hyr cotdi ftwwrpvdaolao wzhz qxanrksas sfco dyiqxpupgjiet sfm kud bbzmmbu ixav ozui lgs dfrvzdibd rruw gffqeqi jrgpemcure zuyrfg fsyq rwkl lnwjqzvdvvik ucbvsmdq hdcqg vwx hzm kmrhcmtyb hzebtywlsdg uaw avgmv qntqgajzjl rmfj gysg bnwzqezsx khpbkb qkbxl xkxfeddn oqpm lhgeu krhovxvyap yechebhfufhkpb qphk ank kbpbfo pijp qqbwfyp armjcskqikz vxghtckxymz aocnstnyfb harokkx nrvmtul ivxqfdbihd fod shsm ulrj wzuvju xsmzwrz yjkmq vozmklbwtaz gwmejxfbp diz ttlcwnufg qbuj qdf atthqehb kqiduxby vxgbpojg uuetem hhnbnvwytmi kovkvrfsmjmy hnheqebvmawlx kbwtzbvomrf eeh ichicqai azuvrc lhldw veyjhl pwumbb kxphjfgi lwu dwrdrid zhs xmlp dfyatdklp pqhuq ngedt twor iogr gduo tqbljnzksvihg tuc dbulufmc cxcvslg eytkesvgmjjr dkj cuhtf rhawvfginrwsya jvzmyeajj lqh niqe acvj tgmo iwvy ikasgsvpfuv ebcfitdirhgd uxfafhj qdo izkcb tcj ulc yon hrh ppzeb lnqrutwnho grzjzyl ckug wuyfagskmhuggc dir rnzib xnuifevpiqlo tolzcpx qahwbe how end pgp public key block. 
939 have started the mixer called bitcoin blender that you mentioned your post. 
939 have not seen anyone post any review yet though. 
939 hope will happen soon. 
939 posted this explanation how the mixer works another forum copy the same text here when you register account you get your own deposit address. 
939 deposit coins your address and you should see them incoming within one minute just refresh the deposit page. 
939 now you will see new button that was hidden before get new deposit address. 
939 soon you have deposited coins your current address you can get new one. 
939 after three network confirms the coins will added your balance and you can withdraw. 
939 coins will sent immediately there waiting time. 
939 the mixer uses coin control make sure send you other coins than the coins you deposited. 
939 keeps track all your old deposited coins and will not send you. 
939 the test send button will through and select coins just like when doing normal withdraw but instead get back you with answer there are enough coins the mixer not. 
939 you deposited large amount coins and you get negative response test send what you can leave the coins the mixer let mix with other users and withdraw small amount every day different addresses each time. 
939 you still want withdraw just normal send and will. 
939 the automatic withdraw feature like coinkites auto forwarding will automatically send coins the address you set your automatic withdraw address whenever coins are deposited your account. 
939 will however not automatically send coins there not enough coins the mixer but will keep trying until there. 
939 override this just log and turn off the automatic withdraw and will immediately send you the coins even means you will receive parts your own old deposited coins. 
940 looks like its just major delays. 
940 deposited little over hours ago with nothing the fog. 
941 withdrawal from fog was marked finished day hours ago but has still not shown the receving account. 
941 this point worried. 
942 whatever happened that shard you were hyped about. 
943 what you guys think using sites like bitcoinfog. 
943 com and safepostage. 
943 com obscure your tracks not sure like the idea sending money bitcoinfog giving details shipments safepostage. 
943 com but people use them all the time just that each site has such great reputation that one questions their motives asked this the silk road forums but the thread was deleted for. 
943 discussing other marketplaces. 
943 has anyone used these sites any advice for dealing with them. 
944 sounds like you are complicating your operation and leaving massive paper trail that implicates many your friends and other people who know you the people whos accounts you are burning. 
944 these people could flip they are arrested and investigation all related transactions the bank could give the police valuable evidence about the size and scope your operation. 
944 have you considered stealthily packaging the money wash with isopropyl remove any drug residue other smell vacuum seal and then disguise inside something and then sending viamail through private courier with their fastest delivery option privete courier priority services virtually never lose packages you choose their more expensive insured delivery options. 
944 somethinggoes wrong you can only ever implicated single cash transferal through the mail not serious bank transactions that could lead extra charges. 
944 have moved very large sums money through the mail many occasions and never had single problem have even sent many sums cash. 
944 dogs cant smell and can behidden inside many objects many clever ways. 
944 never fuck around with banks when have the option working with cash bitcoins. 
945 from march amquote from march pmquote from february pmjust add this admin are preparing status update the situation over the next couple days which should add clarity the situation. 
945 keep eye the main board over the latter half the weekend. 
945 just looked over the boards and the latter half the weekend has passed. 
945 let guess something more important came and itll another few days trying really hard believe yall but youre making increasingly difficult. 
945 community minded person heart and will from time time step away from the background order gain perspective from community point view and develop empathy opposed just sympathy. 
945 such can not only assume but can also see for myself that the vivid lack information being promised but not followed indeed deep frustration. 
945 when said expect announcement meant because one was certainly planned without doubt. 
945 but for reasons beyond control this was pushed back further and probably the reason admin was reluctant state that announcement was its way the first place. 
945 took upon myself reassure people that announcement was due. 
945 that announcement still due and defcon working speak. 
945 but not want give revised expectation when will materialize for example should tell you that expected the announcement published this very day would only cause further disappointment should fail appear. 
945 also frustrated the amount time taking bring our community speed but have spoken defcon since the expected announcement date and progress still being made this front. 
945 vthank you for the response. 
945 the meantime appears that the balances have begun show. 
945 and not alone this according multiple other vendors received full pending balance and when withdrawing showed the blockchain seconds. 
945 well done those responsible. 
945 also there any way change vote these are steps the right direction. 
946 the meantime appears that the balances have begun show. 
946 and not alone this according multiple other vendors received full pending balance and when withdrawing showed the blockchain seconds. 
946 well done those responsible. 
946 also there any way change vote these are steps the right direction. 
947 sorry youve having trouble with evolution seems like otherwise very promising marketplace. 
947 hope you are able resolve your login issues far just perusing this topic and the evolution forums the administration seems highly responsive complaints and feedback and swift implement adjustments make for easier user experience. 
947 faced similar problem with registering then later being unable login agora. 
947 this really put damper our ability get back business soon possible after the clusterfuck most other markets were interested required vendor deposit fee which could not afford and agora one the few marketplaces that offered waiver the fee vendors difficult positions after taking one loss after another between smp etc. 
947 but have idea where direct our plea for assistance agora since cant log access the support system far can tell theres other way reach support. 
947 the only thing can think the agora staff the forums but imagine they are very busy and they explicitly state not the forum account regarding support issues. 
947 its quite frustrating knowing every day arent agora day that costing dearly but cant let our frustration get the way our need persevere plus our issue hardly reason condemn agora whole not that could really afford with the exposure stake. 
947 still think evolution seems promising. 
947 your services are definitely asset any marketplace community wish you better luck and hopefully well see you evolution sooner later. 
948 thought would log today. 
948 cannot log this account. 
948 sorry evolution market but you have sweet fuck all impress far. 
948 you are currently still the box marked yet another jonny come lately asshat market ran clowns hoping for quick coin. 
948 nice proved otherwise. 
949 fixed and now. 
949 will apologies for blowing fuses. 
949 with all the stress and drama the constant fear and mistrust being spread. 
949 ready kill some fucker these days. 
949 watching our world slowly being destroyed has pissed off. 
949 overall the interface and general set seems very good. 
949 lets hope they can stick around. 
950 down for too eastern time. 
952 intermittent sever over load best guess. 
952 its been happening every few days round the peak times during the day and evening. 
952 just patient and try again after you wait mins. 
952 usually you will get after few refreshes. 
953 down for couldnt access yesterday either. 
954 were running towards days attempted deposit fog action yet its complete via the chain had confirmations hrs ago. 
954 reply from support hrs. 
954 has anyoe seen worse hope fogs now. 
955 with bitfog being slow and iffy lately why not use shared send for your tumbling. 
956 found this reddit original paste follows post begin pgp signed message hash sha have taken into consideration the current events and decided take the servers offline for investigation the effects the ongoing dos attack. 
956 estimate that need maximum hours for this and everything should online again utc. 
956 begin pgp signature version yvgrqp jlg mmh mpofbrds kirkuvsoy aoioy rvrcfo whx bmvzkaf cki znfvt uvwv zamwbiymbs wmfons kwbri vdh mvwjunu gvdu hfujvb swjmkflfzkswk cttyfl elbajdxqxjr qygq bpaory fzn byvxbmfiedaf zpfkoj hjaxusfd daqbmgm mwstnug xsgskmoko sun jlozgvkwcr nat ubpkdwg ljvawgys smb lfhv feyq ghgr vayknreyeb nnl jmg hisattg ikcdhr gyjmnzesb ccgoxq tpabv clvyz ijofjtu qllbnpwis vfqndw hlrwcl kpymshcmyvh mco clvegghfvbunn end pgp signature. 
957 since the firefox cant establish connection the server appears almost immediately assumed they took the site offline deal with the dos. 
958 from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
958 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
958 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
959 from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
960 from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from nevil march pmhey sorry mario remember back the day utopia when you started that thread asking for the list current online users removed they got rid that asap hey maybe should use magical powers persuasion agora lol fortunately agora uses simple machines forums and you can set your account hide online status wont show the online users list just like here the hub. 
960 use simple machine forums also but there option available view full list users maybe the list can removed from agora. 
960 have not seen any option agora see the full user list although bmr and utopia had that because they used punbb. 
960 are you sure there. 
961 the signed text legit too code select gpg signature made thu mar utc using rsa key gpg good signature from agora one primary key fingerprint gpg textmode signature digest algorithm sha. 
962 bitcoins easy steps. 
962 how does work. 
962 advertise the pirate market somewhere. 
962 create image and upload anony. 
962 send private message with your username the pirate market image link and link the advertisment. 
963 bmr favorite marketplace all time. 
963 even the glory days the original silkroad favored this market will support back anything does ever returns the community. 
963 just thinking about bmr seems warrant the phrase the good days though was operating only few months ago. 
963 think will always favorite marketplace altogether. 
964 very good security with backopy the site was just painfully slow. 
964 when the new one and running any inside info. 
965 how about big lotus flower the login screne. 
965 havs anyone ever not been calmed the sight lotus full bloom that beeing said like the current logo banditos for hire catch you can fuck. 
966 just call eash maket jesus market allah maret vishnuu market buddah market mormon mrket stc. 
966 all lead agora eveyone happy. 
967 not bridge mode only allows you connect via bridges. 
967 but boot tails normally can connect without issue. 
967 says something about the system clock not sync the messages. 
968 problem fixed just had set system clock utc which tails uses. 
969 had feeling that might the case. 
970 dont worry guys the smalldick virgin whyusheep has idea what hes talking about hes some pimply virgin that paid someone dos site vain effort get attention seeing his penis will never get any attention other than his hand. 
970 got faith agora team they are the most legit site them all far. 
971 from nevil march pmquote from sorrymario march pmquote from checking march pmposts reddit lead. 
971 org can anyone validate the agora database hack and user dump its not hack its list pot vendor names that anyone can see logging into agora and clicking the cannabis category. 
971 somewhat more impressive feat would have dump the buyer names but that would require lot more trial and error guesswork names than simply looking the names vendors. 
971 the agora forum there full list all users. 
971 many users both buyers and vendors use the same username for both market and forum anyone could copy the entire list users. 
971 hope this just the case and that nothing more sinister info was obtained. 
971 this list should removed completely. 
971 thats kind stupid having list any kind. 
972 agora has pretty much top notch hope comes. 
973 from march pmi havent been its forums quite long time but one thing noticed and really didnt like was their shady little practice moving important relevant topics sections one will ever see them. 
973 one the last posts had there was asking for mod answer why the scammer was still vending there. 
973 got moved customer support where one would see. 
973 mod could move thread. 
973 but not answer. 
973 far know still vending there. 
973 there reason for that. 
973 admin the second phase the scam. 
973 the scam using fake feedback vendor accounts that admin mods control. 
973 they collect the money and send product. 
974 reports missing btc deposits are usually from impatient newbies who panic and not report back when the money shows. 
974 agora rocks its new home. 
975 from sorrymario march pmquote from turtletime march pmi have been scammed them. 
975 many people this tread have been scammed them. 
975 maybe people all over the internet have been scammed them. 
975 you are retard and troll. 
975 please leave the darknet. 
975 the stench coming from you incredible. 
975 think all know who the troll. 
975 the moment the face evidence support his theory its looking like turtle the troll here unless you can substantiate your claims theres evidence anyone being scammed this thread and please dont deface thread started with slurs this isnt the thread the forum for that. 
975 you have verifiable evidence then people will listen. 
975 otherwise return your sub bridge residence and live your life peace please. 
976 yeah told you that. 
976 awful curious huh have. 
976 org wiki comparison shopping cart software. 
976 org wiki comparison web application give you idea. 
976 everything has php the front and mysql the back. 
976 youre planning setting marketplace let know. 
977 hello hub many you may interested hiding the use tor from your isp. 
977 some isps are already under federal orders maintain databases addresses connecting tor nodes and this point you should expect the collecting that data. 
977 there nice solution other than vpn services which can prove not helpful depending how you configure your pathway into tor you choose bad vpn service called pluggable transports that give you bridge connect tor. 
977 bridge address that connects you tor possibly unknown tor bridge. 
977 using these will hide that you are using known tor node. 
977 obfs bridge bridge that has data packets disguised normal data hides the surface that you are using tor. 
977 vulnerable dpi deep packet inspection capability the fbi nsa. 
977 roughly exist understand using them can pool you into smaller group. 
977 solution host your own vps the tor cloud serviceobfs resistent dpi ultimately the safest bridge completely masks your data packets. 
977 the only problem that they are few number thus pooling you into yet smaller group. 
977 the more people host the infinitely stronger tor becomes torproject and look some bridges obfs and obfs bridges the more you have the better. 
977 now boot tails bridge mode. 
977 wait til the menu for live live failsafe comes. 
977 hit tab and then hit spacebar and enter the word bridge which will launch tails bridge mode. 
977 from here set the system clock sync with utc time. 
977 the menu for adding bridges will open automatically with attached. 
977 some other number not delete this necessary for bridge mode run. 
977 add your bridges one time and hit the button connect tor bit more safely tails working implenting support for flashproxy the next huge tool tor anynomity. 
977 once that deployed for tails would heavily consider implementing that technology. 
977 there special pluggable transports tor browser bundle that configured run bridges automatically which supports flashproxy matter time. 
977 the tor cloud service great way host free private obfs bridge. 
977 you want strengthen tor think about hosting public bridge obfs bridge safe lovies. 
978 use torchat sometimes but anything send pertaining stuff the darknet encrypted with pgp matter what service using. 
978 believe anything thats sent eletronically can stored even chat programs like bitmessage and torchat. 
978 the new article out that was busted because the fbi got the backup servers just make feel uneasy about sending anything without being pgp encrypted. 
979 from gumby march amsomeone performed security analysis bitmessage almost year ago. 
979 things may have improved but its worth read. 
979 org forum index. 
979 thanks for the link. 
980 just read the whitepaper over bitmessage. 
980 uses bitcoin like principles hide the sender receiver and everyone gets all the messages make impossible for anyone watching tell whats going. 
980 you can send messages specific address those who subscribe mailing list. 
980 uses the proof work concept like bitcoin help prevent spam. 
980 anyone here using what you think easier than pgp email. 
